0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:14 Time-lapse of post-Hurricane Matthew tour on Parris Island
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:38 Not A Toll Man (Parody of the Blues Brothers' Soul Man) from Charlotte Squawks 12
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
UNC's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A&M in NCAA tournament
0:51
Willie Mullins endured an up and down day to say the least at Punchestown in their bid to overhaul Gordon Elliott and win another Irish trainers' championship.
Mullins started proceedings €521,413 behind Elliott and ended on €405,839 - but after an early domination of events saw the deficit vastly reduced and momentum building, a chaotic finish to the Growise Champion Novice Chase could prove pivotal in the final reckoning.
Un De Sceaux had left champion Mullins smiling following the feature BoyleSports Champion Chase, but Paul Townend inexplicably throwing away what looked certain victory aboard Al Boum Photo put a different look on things.
As Townend, who was later banned for 21 days for dangerous riding, elected to chart what proved an errant path in the Grade One contest, The Storyteller was left clear to lead home a one-two-three for Elliott - their second of the day.
Elliott said: "This title is going to go to the wire. It's great for the game, but it's not good for my heart anyway.
"It's going to be ding dong for the week and it just shows what can happen."
A hugely dramatic finish to the Champion Novice Chase #PunchestownFestival https://t.co/3qP47H9Tlr pic.twitter.com/f4INvhi4h3 — RTÉ Racing (@RTEracing) April 24, 2018
Un De Sceaux and Patrick Mullins, meanwhile, had seen off odds-on stablemate Douvan to take the Champion Chase by two and three-quarter lengths at 9-2 - at that stage cutting the Elliott lead almost in half, at €226,714.
Mullins had struck the first blow through Draconien in the Herald Champion Novice Hurdle. The 25-1 chance saw off British raider Vision Des Flos, with Mullins and Elliott filling the minor places.
Mullins then wasted little time in further reducing the deficit, as True Self and Rachael Blackmore lifted the Killashee Handicap Hurdle.
Mullins said: "Rachael is a good jockey, she's not a lady jockey, she's a good jockey."
Elliott had got on the board with a clean sweep in the Goffs Land Rover Bumper, led by Commander Of Fleet (5-1).
Elliott claimed €1,125 in place money with a fourth and fifth in the concluding bumper, in which Mullins was not represented.
Geoffrey Rogers knew they felt better after hitting the treadmill.
"When I would finish one of the session there would be a calmness. The tremor would be calm," said Rogers, a 69-year-old Parkinson's patient.
Geoffrey Rogers, 69, felt better when they exercised vigorously as part of an experiment looking at whether exercise helps Parkinson's patients. Dana Rogers Edenhurst Studios
Rogers was part of a study released Monday that showed intense exercise can slow the progression of Parkinson's — enough so patients can notice the difference.
It's the latest study to show that exercise benefits patients with Parkinson's, and in this case, shows that patients shouldn't be shy about pushing themselves and getting sweaty.
In fact, the harder they pushed, the better they did, the team reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association's JAMA Neurology.
"We gave them a proper workout," said Daniel Corcos, a professor of physical therapy at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, who helped lead the study.
"If you have Parkinson's disease and you want to delay the progression of your symptoms, you should exercise three times a week with your heart rate between 80 to 85 percent maximum. It is that simple.”
Related: Pineapple Pesticide Linked With Parkinson's
Rogers pushed themselves four to six times a week as part of the study, cranking up the incline on their home treadmill and walking hard. Afterwards, the tremor that is one of the hallmarks of Parkinson's would subside for a while, they said.
"It might last 20 minutes or more. It's not a cure; it's a way to manage the symptoms," Rogers told NBC News.
It's clear that exercise is good for Parkinson's patients, said Dr. Lisa Shulman, who does their own experiments on exercise and Parkinson's at the University of Maryland School of Medicine
“The evidence is really very strong at this point. There is sufficient evidence now to warrant a general recommendation,” said Shulman, who was not involved in this study.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How Patients Are Using Cycling to Slow Down Parkinson's autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Parkinson's symptoms include tremor, rigid muscles and problems with movement. While early treatment can delay the worst symptoms, people almost always get worse. About 60,000 Americans are diagnosed with Parkinson's disease each year and about a million Americans have Parkinson's now.
No medical therapy can cure Parkinson's and while exercise was always shown to help people feel better, it was not generally accepted as a true therapy until recently.
Now teams are trying to find out how much exercise helps and just which symptoms it affects. Doctors say they'd be thrilled just to slow the inevitable worsening of the disease and if they can freeze progression or reverse symptoms, that would be a home run.
Needs to be high intensity
Corcos and colleagues say the most intense exercise appears to have at least temporarily frozen symptoms in many of their volunteers.
"The earlier in the disease you intervene, the more likely it is you can prevent the progression of the disease," Corcos said in a statement.
"We delayed worsening of symptoms for six months,” they added. “Whether we can prevent progression any longer than six months will require further study."
Related: Walking Helps Parkinson's
They worked with 128 patients with early stage Parkinson's. They randomly assigned them to either moderate exercise four days a week, intense exercise four days a week, or no additional exercise.
It's important to randomly assign people, because it's possible people who voluntarily exercise more or harder also have different symptoms or less severe disease.
The vigorous exercise group were pushed on a treadmill, with the researchers increasing speed and incline until the volunteers were at 80 to 85 percent of their aerobic capacity, meaning they were breathing hard and probably sweating. Rogers was assigned to this group.
"This is not mild stretching. This is high intensity,” Corcos said.
They were trained at the hospital, and then sent home to exercise as part of their daily lives and asked to send their data to the researchers.
“ If you have Parkinson's disease and you want to delay the progression of your symptoms, you should exercise three times a week with your heart rate between 80 to 85 percent maximum.”
The moderate group were pushed to 60 to 65 percent of capacity, which feels like exercise but doesn't get the heart pumping as hard.
Maximum heart rate is based on age and there's a formula for calculating exertion. “An estimate of a person's maximum age-related heart rate can be obtained by subtracting the person's age from 220,” the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says.
The maximum heart rate of a 50-year-old person is 170 beats per minute, so 80 percent of that is 136 beats per minute and 60 percent is 102 beats per minute.
Related: Gut germs affect Parkinson's
For some people, a brisk walk will get them to the 80 percent level, while others may need to be running or walking up a steep incline.
The team also assigned people to exercise four days a week with the hope they would actually do it three days a week, for six months. They did indeed get about three days of week of exercise in both groups.
To determine if patients got better or worse, the researchers used the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale. The volunteers were on average at about 20 on the scale, which measures 31 different areas of mood, activity levels and motor skills. Patients score from 0-4 on each and thus the most severe possible score is 124.
After six months, those in the high intensity group were still at about 20, on average.
"I was not getting worse. I was not deteriorating during that period of time," said Rogers, who also did not take any medication during the experiment.
"You could feel it."
Those taking moderate exercise worsened very slightly — by about 1.5 points on average, which in any single person would not be noticeably worse. Those who did not exercise worsened by three points on average, which is enough for someone to notice, says Shulman.
Shulman did a similar experiment. They found that no matter how intense the exercise, almost all patients who exercised were later able to walk faster.
Related: Parkinson's patients dance away their symptoms
“This was counter to our hypothesis. We thought the higher-intensity group would improve the most,” they said.
Shulman and Corcos agree — exercise isn't just a feel-good thing that Parkinson's patients can do as a complementary activity. It's actual medical treatment.
"We are stopping people from getting worse, which is significant, particularly if we catch them early in the disease," Corcos said.
“ I was not getting worse. I was not deteriorating during that period of time.”
“It's part of the idea that exercise is medicine."
Rogers, who owns a construction business, says they failed to keep up with the exercise program when the study ended four years ago, and their Parkinson's has worsened since.
"The tremor is more intense. It happens more often," they said. They have no idea if the symptoms had worsened had they continued to exercise at the same level they did during the six-month-long study.
But it was hard to work and exercise that much, too, they said.
"It was too much. I am going to slow down, which will free up some time for working out more," Rogers promised.
No news is good news. At least that's what state Sen. Stephanie Bice would have you believe.
On Monday, Bice used their Twitter account to promote an extract of an essay by a Swiss writer and philosopher decrying news consumption as a physically, societally harmful waste of time. Ironically, the edited extract was published by a newspaper, The Guardian.
“This was written 4 years ago, but may be more relevant today than when it was originally written,” Bice tweeted.
The author, Rolf Dobelli, penned the essay in 2012.
“We are in this sad condition because 200 years ago we invented a toxic form of knowledge called news,” Dobelli wrote. “The time has come to recognize the detrimental effects that news has on individuals and societies, and to take the necessary steps to shield us from its dangers.”
They offer this as evidence that news is irrelevant: “Out of the approximately 10,000 news stories you have read in the last 12 months, name one that – because you consumed it – allowed you to make a better decision affecting your life, your career, your business – compared to not having swallowed that piece of news.”
Few have read 10,000 news stories in the past 12 months, but there's one recent story that comes to mind that affected a lot of Oklahomans' decisions. That's the extensive coverage of State Question 792, the alcohol issue that Bice fought aggressively to put before voters just 13 months ago. Oklahomans' approval of that constitutional amendment based solely on the cumbersome ballot language strikes us as unlikely. Apparently, Bice thought so too. They took to the news media to communicate with voters, drafting a guest column with former Sen. Clark Jolley published in The Journal Record in October 2016.
Dobelli, and by their endorsement, Bice, make a series of irrational arguments that would persuade voters to remain as ignorant as possible. For example, Dobelli writes that, “If you read the newspaper for 15 minutes each morning, then check the news for 15 minutes during lunch and 15 minutes before you go to bed, you're eating up substantial time.”
Yes! What a waste! Instead of learning what your legislature is up to with your tax money, you could have spent that 45 minutes playing Candy Crush or watching Jerry Springer.
Warren Buffet, fool that they are, disagrees with Dobelli and Bice.
“The smarter the journalists are, the better off society is,” Buffet said. “[For] to a degree, people read the press to inform themselves – and the better the teacher, the better the student body.”
Bice has been one of the most rational, reliable legislators in recent memory. But on this, she's blundered.
We prefer that the public's business is kept public, Senator. And we're mighty suspicious of politicians who tell the public that staying informed is bad for their health.
The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) has certified the rehabilitated Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja, safe and ready for commercial flight operations. NCAA's Director General Capt. Muktar Usman, informed newsmen on Monday, that the final inspection had been done and they were satisfied. ‎”Well as you can see, we have just done the final […]
Leonard Floyd did not think straight for two months after concussion
Chicago Bears linebacker Leonard Floyd suffered two concussions during their rookie season, and detailed the long road back in recovery.
Floyd's second concussion, suffered Dec. 24, kept them in a fog until February.
“It took me two months to really feel like I was back to myself,” Floyd said, via Patrick Finley of the Chicago Sun-Times. “I was just at the house, relaxing, getting my mind back together. After those two months I felt back.”
Floyd described the feeling as being like an inability to think straight.
“You just don't feel normal, you know it's this thinking part, like you don't think the same,” Floyd said. “I wasn't thinking like I normally would think and then I'd be staring off in space some times instead of paying attention.”
Floyd's first concussion was scary enough. The symptoms of their second one are downright frightening.
Former The Silencers frontman JJ ‘Jinky' Gilmour returns to their roots for their annual festive show.
The North Lanarkshire native will be performing at Bellshill Cultural Centre on Sunday, December 2.
JJ will bring their own unique, beautifully melancholic, take on the festive celebrations with their ‘Jinky Bells' show, along with special guests Beerjacket.
Initially joining The Silencers as a backing vocalist in 1988, a year later they had progressed seamlessly to lead vocalist and was on the road to international acclaim.
After seven years JJ embarked upon a solo career, which has not only seen them release four albums, the latest of which is Dix, but also pen the musical ‘Dancing Shoes' about the life of George Best.
JJ said: “I always look forward to coming home to play, this time at Bellshill Cultural Centre.
“I saw the fantastic Michael Marra there many years ago and it's a great venue, a natural theatre, so I look forward to seeing you all at Jinky Bells”.
The show starts at 7.30pm and tickets costing £15 are available by calling 01698 403120 or visiting Culture NL
Bruno Mars has donated $1 million to aid the victims of the water crisis in Flint, Michigan. The singer revealed that revenues from their Detroit-area show had been redirected to the Community Foundation of Greater Flint, who deals with issues stemming from the city's water crisis, which began in 2014 when Detroit's water system switched to the lead-filled Flint River. “I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said in a statement. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.” “With a grateful heart, the Community Foundation of Greater Flint is honored to accept this inspiring donation,” CFGF president and CEO Isaiah M. Oliver added in a statement. “We know Bruno Mars' $1 million gift will be transformative to the children and families of Flint. They understand the issues faced by Flint citizens, and we are touched by their concern and generosity.” Big Sean, Pearl Jam, Meek Mill and Cher have also helped to raise money to fight the Flint water crisis. Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
Student Union & Activities present
Thursday Night Movie
April 20, 2017
20th Century Women
10 pm
SUB Escondido Theatre
The story of three women who explore love and freedom in Southern California during the late 1970s.
Bring your friends and enjoy free snacks, a free drink from Hospitality Services, and free pool and ping-pong. The Student Union Building will be open until midnight. Go to sub.ttu.edu to see the full schedule of Thursday Night Movies.
TTU Student ID is required. Limited seating.
This event is brought to you by Student Union & Activities.
806.742.3636 | www.sub.ttu.edu | sub@ttu.edu
Facebook.com/ttusub | Twitter - @ttusub | Instagram - @ttusub
Tourism is thriving. The economy is improving. Seaside resorts are reviving. Quaint historic towns with archaeological riches are drawing international visitors, and Mexico is holding its rank as one of the top 10 world destinations, on pace to exceed 37 million international tourists in 2017.
But Mexico is not winning its decade-old war against the drug cartels and their multibillion-dollar industry, acknowledged Enrique de la Madrid Cordero, Mexico's minister of tourism, during an exclusive interview in New York City recently [Dec 8].
De la Madrid Cordero said what's needed is more cooperation and ties between their country and the United States - Mexico is the U.S.'s third largest trading partner - instead of the administration's overtures to end NAFTA and plans to build a wall.
Although the government has captured or killed some of the cartel leaders, more violent factions have sprung up, dealing in extortion, kidnapping and human trafficking. Beheadings and torture are staples of news headlines over the past 10 years. Activists and reporters are killed, while corruption and impunity are pervasive.
The Secretary of Tourism, Enrique de la Madrid, appears before the Commission of Tourism of Camara Baja on Nov. 8, 2017. Juan Carlos Reyes / GDA via AP Images
In the past two years the rising level of violence across Mexico has overwhelmed the rule of law and security, with 2017 the worst year on record with 18,000 deaths.
“That's our biggest problem, the collapse of the rule of law." As it looks at a new presidential election in July 2018, Mexico will have to work for the next 10 years, or longer, to re-establish the rule of law and security, they said. “It will take that long. That's our biggest challenge.”
But De la Madrid Cordero rejects the view that Mexico is solely responsible for the drug cartels and narco trafficking. They agreed that the cartels are the main producers, buyers and traffickers in the hemisphere. But Americans are the principal consumers of illegal drugs – namely marijuana, cocaine and heroin, in that order.
“It's a joint problem,” they said.
The global illegal drug industry rakes in an estimated $360 billion a year, $100 billion for heroin, $110 billion to $130 billion for cocaine, and $75 billion for marijuana. Mexico is the main supplier of marijuana to the United States. It is believed that half of the cartels' revenues come from marijuana traffic.
De la Madrid Cordero reasons that legalizing marijuana on both sides of the border could lead to a reduction in the illicit trade. They mentioned Colorado, which legalized marijuana in 2014, is seeing declines in arrests and drug violence and enjoying tax windfalls off a drug that millions of Americans use (Colorado's 2017 marijuana sales reached $1 billion in just eight months). But the black market hasn't been entirely eliminated. Dealers continue to buy and sell, crossing state lines. Meanwhile, the Mexican cartels are reportedly shifting their production from marijuana to a more profitable drug, heroin.
The drug wars and narco violence on both sides of the border are crucial challenges for Mexico and the United States, but there is another major issue that is consuming both governments and threatening bilateral relations, the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the complex trade accord involving the United States, Canada and Mexico.
From the start of their presidential campaign, in June 2015, the accord has been one of Donald Trump's favorite targets. Claiming that NAFTA cheats the United States and has led to a loss of jobs and industry, Trump has promised to withdraw from the 1994 agreement unless provisions favoring the United States are implemented.
“It's unfortunate to go against such an important accord that has been so good for the United States and Canada,” De la Madrid Cordero said, “and to do that just for political purposes.” Trump created a story about the United States losing jobs and getting a raw deal with NAFTA, the minister said.
“It's a great story and to sell it they needed to create a villain, and they made Mexico the villain," said De la Madrid Cordero. "But some stories are lies, and this is one of them.”
The tourism minister faults the loss of manufacturing jobs in the United States on the new economy. There are 6 million jobs unfilled in the United States today and they remain vacant, they said, because workers haven't been trained to fill those jobs and they haven't been trained in the new technology.
U.S. goods and services traded with Mexico totaled an estimated $579.7 billion in 2016. Exports were $260.0 billion; imports were $317.6 billion. The U.S. trade deficit with Mexico was $55.6 billion in 2016.
That trade deficit infuriates Trump. Formal negotiations have begun between the two governments and, according to De la Madrid Cordero, are scheduled to conclude in March 2018.
“It'd be a shame to end the treaty,” they said. “We want our ties to be closer, we want a partnership. It's not politically smart to have a conflict with your neighbor. All of us want access to the U.S. market,'' they said, referring to Mexico, Central America, and South America.
As to the border wall that President Trump has threatened to build, De la Madrid Cordero said, Washington is spending more money increasing patrols and security at the border than it would cost it to give development assistance to countries like Salvador and Honduras, countries sending an increasing number of immigrants crossing into the United States without legal status.
“It's poor timing, this campaign to build the border wall,'' the minister said. They mentioned surveys that show Mexican immigration declining in the past few years. Shaking their head, they said, “He wants to build it now that Mexicans are not coming.”
Then they quickly added with a smile, “We will never pay for that wall. Never.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty, a Trump administration official says, a development that complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on the White House national security team.
The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the prohibited cruise missile, and officials had anticipated that Moscow eventually would deploy it. Russia denies that it has violated the INF treaty.
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, said an administration official, who wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and demanded anonymity.
The deployment may not immediately change the security picture in Europe, but the alleged treaty violation may arise when Defense Secretary Jim Mattis attends their first NATO meeting in Brussels on Wednesday. It also has stirred concern on Capitol Hill, where Sen. John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairperson, called on the Trump administration to ensure U.S. nuclear forces in Europe are ready.
"Russia's deployment of nuclear-tipped ground-launched cruise missiles in violation of the INF treaty is a significant military threat to U.S. forces in Europe and our NATO allies," McCain, R-Ariz., said in a statement Tuesday. They said Russian President Vladimir Putin was "testing" Trump.
Trump's White House is in a difficult moment, with no national security adviser following the forced resignation Monday night of Michael Flynn.  They are accused of misleading Vice President Mike Pence about contacts with a Russian diplomat while President Barack Obama was still in office.
Meanwhile, a U.S. defense official said Tuesday that a Russian intelligence-collection ship has been operating off the U.S. east coast, in international waters. The official was not authorized to discuss an intelligence matter and so spoke on condition of anonymity. The ship had made a port call in Cuba prior to moving north, where it has been monitored off the coast of Delaware, the official said.
The New York Times, which was first to report the missile deployment, said the Russians have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile. One is at a missile test site at Kapustin Yar and one was moved in December from the test site to an operational base elsewhere in the country.
The State Department wouldn't confirm the report. It noted that last year it reported Russia was in violation of its treaty obligations not to possess, produce or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers for such missiles.
"The administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners," State Department spokesperson Mark Toner said.
John Tierney, executive director of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, said strategic stability on the European continent is at stake.
"If true, Russia's deployment of an illegal ground-launched cruise missile represents a very troubling development and should be roundly condemned," Tierney said.
Sen. Tom Cotton, an Arkansas Republican, sees little reason for the U.S. to continue adhering to the INF treaty, in light of Russia's violations. They have recommended building up U.S. nuclear forces in Europe, which currently include about 200 bombs that can be delivered by aircraft. The U.S. withdrew land-based nuclear-armed missiles from Europe as part of the INF deal.
The treaty has special significance in the recent history of arms control agreements. Signed in December 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, it has been credited with helping accelerate an end to the Cold War and lessening the danger of nuclear confrontation. It stands as the only arms treaty to eliminate an entire class of U.S. and Russian weapons — nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles of intermediate range.
The Obama administration had argued for maintaining U.S. compliance with the treaty while urging the Russians to halt violations. At the same time, the Pentagon developed options to counter Russian cruise missile moves, some of which would have involved bold military action.
At their Senate confirmation hearing in February 2014, Ash Carter, who headed the Pentagon until last month, said disregard for treaty limitations was a "two-way street," opening the way for the U.S. to respond in kind. They called Russia's violations consistent with its "strategy of relying on nuclear weapons to offset U.S. and NATO conventional superiority."
Cleveland Indians' Francisco Lindor reacts after hitting a grand slam off New York Yankees relief pitcher Chad Green during the sixth inning of Game 2 of a baseball American League Division Series, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Cleveland. Phil Long AP Photo
Bedford Public Schools held the first of two forums to discuss a potential tax levy for the November ballot on Tuesday.
Tuesday's public meeting was set to announce what the levy might involve and see how the community feels about it.
The school board members, many of whom are teachers, came out to observe community reactions so that they can make a more informed decision on what to put on November's ballot.
Jenna Biggs is a trustee on the board of education. They were thrilled to hear what the community had to say and looks forward to the next meeting on Thursday.
"The community is positive, and we want to be able to get the correct information out to them to be able to make this a successful bond, as our last bond was not successful and we want to ensure that we can get the whole community behind this. I think it's a really good message tonight, that they're willing to do that," Biggs said.
Board members are looking at a $34 million bond to be collected over 20-25 years just to make repairs to their buildings, which the district says need to be done to improve safety.
Tuesday's forum had to be moved to Monroe Road Elementary instead of the high school due to a power outage.
Bedford Public Schools Superintendent Dr. Carl Schultz sees the need for updates, but also wants to keep them modest while the ability to do so is available.
"It's a modest bond that's focused really on infrastructure, on safety and security, and really on immediate needs," Schultz said.
This bond levy would affect every home in the district. The amount homeowners would pay depends on the value of their property.
Aaron Adler attended the meeting to see what could become of a school system through which all four of their children are going. They believe it is more about the people than the money.
"I think of all the things to throw money at, my kids' schools is a great thing to throw money at, and of course, I'll support it, and that's fine. But. I think $34
a million could be $3 million just as easily," Adler said.
A calculator will go up on the Bedford Public Schools website soon so that taxpayers can see what this might cost, likely to the tune of a couple hundred bucks per year.
This is a tax some consider negligible, especially when it comes to creating a safer environment that's more conducive to learning.
Jen Brush is a teacher who leads a Facebook group based on community outreach. They said that they live in a community of subdivisions and that elections have changed to the point where there are no longer phone trees.
It is vital to talk to your neighbors about the fate of the community, they said.
"I thought they did an excellent job. I think that they've done their homework. I trust them completely," Brush said, "They are a very unique board of education and administration in this state. I've worked in Monroe County for 18 years as a teacher."
Bedford has also had a survey done showing how these funds could better their ability to follow ALICE active shooter procedures.
“The district has been working tirelessly to construct a list of immediate facility needs that we need to upgrade. In addition, through surveys, building evaluations and research, we have identified a number of safety concerns that we also would like to address.The next step in the process is to engage our community in an open dialogue to determine if we have missed anything and to share where we are currently,” Schultz said.
The second forum is set to be held Thursday in the Bedford High School auditorium at 3 p.m. The board of education will also be discussing the proposal as an agenda item at their Committee of the Whole meeting on Thursday at 6:30 p.m. in the BHS Media Center.
All board meetings, including Committee of the Whole meetings, are open to the public to attend.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Children across Scotland are getting in the Christmas spirit to try and win £1500 for their school.
Popular children's author Sam Hay is challenging youngsters to come up with a new Christmas classic story, for a chance to win some brilliant prizes in the fourth annual Write Christmas competition.
The competition, backed by cartridgesave.co.uk is open to children between four and 11 years old and split into three age categories. To enter they need to channel their inner Dickens to write a short story or poem (max 200 words) inspired by winter or Christmas.
The entry that Sam, author of the ‘Undead Pets' series of books, judges to be the best across the entire competition will win £1500 for their school to spend on books or writing equipment, in addition to a Christmas stocking full of festive treats worth £50 for themselves. Two runners-up will each secure £250 for their school and a festive goody bag.
The top 50 entries from across the UK will also be made into a printable, free to download book, to be released in December 2017.
Entries must be submitted by November 17 and children, parents and teachers can get hints and tips from Sam, plus full details of how to enter at Write Christmas 2017 .
Sam Hay believes the competition is a great step towards unlocking children's creativity.
They said: “I'm very excited to be judging the Write Christmas story competition for a fourth year running. It's a great opportunity to get kids all over Britain writing and showing off their fantastic imaginations. I'm always so impressed by their creativity and originality.
“Christmas has been the inspiration behind some all-time classics including Dickens' ‘A Christmas Carol' and the much-loved ‘The Nutcracker'. It's a time for magic, excitement and wonder. I can't wait to read this year's stories and poems!”
Ian Cowley, managing director of cartridgesave.co.uk, added: “Children's imaginations never fail to amaze. We're proud to invest in the best young writing and provide them with resources to help stimulate their creative minds at Christmas and beyond. Compiling the Write Christmas printable e-book is one of the highlights of our year.”
Last year's Write Christmas winner was Edwin Walker, aged 10, from Comely Park Primary in Falkirk, who captured the judges' attention with their “unusual and clever” story written in the form of a police report, that detailed how someone broke into a little girl's house on Christmas Eve, left sooty footprints on the carpet and stole mince pies and milk.
Useful information:
The competition has three categories: 4-6, 7-9 and 10-11 years old.
There will be one overall winner across all categories. The winning school will receive £1,500 to spend on books or writing materials and the winning child will receive a goody bag worth £50.
Two runners-up will win £250 for their school to spend on books or writing materials, as well as a goody bag each.
The best 50 entries from across all categories will be selected to appear in the printable e-book.
Poems and short stories (200 words or fewer) must be entered by a parent, carer or teacher, who can give permission for the story, name and age of the child to be included in the book.
The judges' decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
Closing date for entries is November 17 2017.
GEARY COUNTY-Law enforcement authorities in Geary County are investigating a suspect for alleged road rage incident.
On Saturday afternoon, deputies were dispatched to the area of US 77 Highway near Fort Riley for a white Dodge Ram 2500 truck where a gun had been waved out a window towards another vehicle, according to a media release.
Dispatch also advised the reporting party believed the subject had gained entry to Fort Riley by use of the Estes Gate.
Deputies talked with two Junction City residents who said the pickup had cut them off and then slowed down to 30 miles-per-hour in a construction zone.
The drivers also said the passenger in the vehicle pulled out a gun and waved it out the window with their finger on the trigger.
Deputies checked the area but were unable to locate the vehicle.
At approximately 5:30 p.m. on Saturday dispatch advised authorities that Fort Riley had the vehicle stopped at Estes Gate.
Deputies arrested Isaac Torgerson, Fort Riley, on suspicion of Aggravated Assault.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
By DAVID A. LIEB and JIM SALTER
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Prosecutors agreed to drop one of two felony criminal cases against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens after the governor's attorneys said they would resign if the allegations were dismissed, a spokesperson for St. Louis' top prosecutor said Wednesday.
A day after Greitens announced that they would step down, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner said their office decided to dismiss a charge of computer data tampering following conversations with the defense team for the governor, who was once a rising star in the Republican Party.
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," said Gardner, a Democrat.
A spokesperson for Gardner's office, Susan Ryan, said the defense approached prosecutors with an offer to resign if the case were dropped. Prosecutors agreed.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." They did not elaborate.
The charge, filed in April after an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Responding to Greitens' past statements calling the prosecution "a witch hunt" that inflicted pain on their family, Gardener said the governor had brought the charges upon themselves "by their actions, their statements, their decisions, their ambition and their pursuit for power."
Many of Greitens' former colleagues and friends "cooperated with our prosecution, not because they were threatened or harassed, but because it was the right thing to do," they said.
Had the governor been convicted, they said, it was unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge they faced and the fact that they would be a first-time offender.
A St. Louis judge approved the agreement, which has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Gardner and everyone in their office from civil liability.
The governor also was indicted on invasion-of-privacy charges in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015, before they were elected. The charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
The special prosecutor, Jean Peters Baker, said Tuesday that no deals have been made by their office with Greitens' attorneys.
Martin said they expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but they offered no details.
"I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal," Martin said.
Greitens' departure becomes official at 5 p.m. Friday, marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season that will include intense efforts to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
The resignation also allows Greitens to avoid the distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached. A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on their potential discipline.
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov. Mike Parson - a former state lawmaker and sheriff - is to serve the remainder of Greitens' term, which runs until January 2021.
Greitens could face other investigations. The chairperson of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor.
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list.
Also Wednesday, a county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Greitens and some of their staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Greitens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and their top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
Greitens is a married father of two young sons who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy. After being wounded in Iraq, they founded a veterans' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker.
They campaigned as a political outsider in 2016, winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor's mansion for the first time in eight years.
The Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature, once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as "career politicians."
Their support in the Capitol began to unravel after the night of Jan. 10, when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman's ex-husband. In that, the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound their hands, blindfolded them and took a compromising photo while threatening that they would distribute it if they ever spoke of their encounter. Greitens denied threatening blackmail, but hasn't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo.
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City, John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report.
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter: https://twitter.com/DavidALieb .
___
Sign up for "Politics in Focus," a weekly newsletter showcasing the AP's best political reporting from around the country leading up to the midterm elections: https://bit.ly/2ICEr3D .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
There wasn't much good to be said Friday about the Carolina Hurricanes' play against the Detroit Red Wings.
The Canes were beaten 4-1 at PNC Arena, ending a three-game winning streak.
They didn't manage the puck well, gave up too many odd-man rushes, didn't win enough puck battles and were outplayed in net.
“They were obviously the hungrier team,” Canes center Jordan Staal said. “There wasn't enough effort from everyone, including myself, to get us the win.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
With a chance to move past the Philadelphia Flyers and take over the second wild-card playoff spot in the Eastern Conference, the Canes (24-20-8) instead stumbled.
Sebastian Aho did score their team-leading 18th goal. The forward's power-play score in the first period gave the Canes a 1-0 lead, although it may have given the Canes a false sense of security — playing at home before a crowd of 18,126, scoring first against a team they beat 3-1 in Detroit a couple of weeks ago.
Scott Darling was the starting goalie for the Canes after Cam Ward's 2-0 shutout of the Montreal Canadiens on Thursday. It was Darling's first game since the nightmarish start against the Vegas Golden Knights on Jan. 21, when they allowed three goals on eight shots and was lifted 13 minutes into the game.
Darling had some good moments and good stops Friday, but Petr Mrazek was better for the Wings and had 36 saves.
“We gave them too many scoring chances tonight,” Aho said. “(Darling) was good tonight but we didn't help them enough.”
Aho didn't think the fresher team won — the Wings topped San Jose 2-1 on Wednesday, then had Thursday off.
“They played a really fast game and we didn't play our game,” Aho said.
Darren Helm had a goal and two assists for the Wings (21-21-8), scoring in the third period after coming out of the penalty box for a 4-1 lead. Defensemen Danny DeKeyer and Trevor Daley, and forward Gustav Nyquist also had goals.
Aho scored by crashing the net. Justin Faulk's shot from the point hit Mrazek, the puck bounding up in the air. Aho, closing in on the net, got their stick on the puck just as it was about to cross the goal line.
It was Aho's second goal in three games since returning from their concussion and lower-body injury.
DeKeyser, who had scored one goal in 32 games, tied it in the first with a shot from the left point.
Mrazek's biggest save of the game may have been with 2:33 left in the first, denying the Canes' Joakim Nordstrom on a shorthanded breakaway.
Daley then gave the Wings the 2-1 lead a little more than five minutes into the third as Darling couldn't track the puck. Nyquist scored off the rush in the third for a 3-1 lead.
“Once they got the lead they clamped things down,” Canes forward Lee Stempniak said.
One of Mrazek's best stops came when Nyquist, backchecking and trying to stop a centering pass to the Canes' Haydn Fleury, nearly kicked the puck into the net. But Mrazek stuck out their left pad to make the stop.
Mrazek had 30 saves Wednesday as the Wings topped the San Jose Sharks 2-1 in a shootout. They came into Friday's game 3-0-1 with a 1.02 goals-against average in their past four appearances.
The Canes continue their eight-game homestand Sunday against the Sharks. Many expect Ward to be the starter in that game.
Public sector workers along with their families and friends will march and rally later today (Saturday) in Edinburgh in support of fair pay for everyone working in Scotland's schools, local councils, police forces and hospitals.
The march will assemble from 11am in Johnston Terrace, Edinburgh, and set off down the Edinburgh's Royal Mile at 11.45am. The rally, outside the Scottish Parliament, will be addressed by Dave Prentis, general secretary of UNISON.
The event is part of UNISON's Pay Up Now! Campaign, which is keeping pressure on both the Scottish and Westminster governments to end the pay cap and give all workers a decent pay rise.
Public service employees have seen their pay held back right across the UK for almost a decade. Public sector pay rose by just 4.4% between 2010 and 2016, while the cost of living rose by 22%.
Lillian Macer, convener of UNISON Scotland said: “While we welcome the Scottish government scrapping the pay cap, there is still much more to do. Public sector workers play a vital role in our communities, looking after us by keeping us safe, healthy, educated, and cared for.
“We can't accept the end of a 1% pay cap to just implement another pay cap. Public sector workers need pay rises at least in line with inflation and recognition of the pay they have lost for the last decade.”
Dave Prentis, general secretary of UNISON said: “The UK and Scottish governments are now under real pressure to give all public service workers a decent pay rise. Employees across our public services have had their pay held back for far too long.
“Classroom assistants, care workers, hospital cleaners and police clerks need a wage rise above the rate of inflation, so they can recoup some of the pay they've lost over the past few years.
“Any pay rises need to be properly funded so they don't mean deeper cuts to jobs and services elsewhere. There must be no selective lifting of the cap for some public servants but not for others. All public sector employees, no matter where they work or what job they do, need and deserve a decent pay rise now.”
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:10 Breast cancer patient says TSA 'humiliated' them at security checkpoint
0:55 Tennessee resident who fled wildfire: "It was like a picture of H-E-L-L."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
6:19 Shaq surprises kids after police video goes viral
Fans Accuse Oge Okoye Of Flaunting Butt Pad, Actress Reacts
Nollywood actor, Oge Okoye came under heavy criticism earlier today after they shared a photo online which led their fans to believe their backside is far from natural. The actor who was some months ago embroiled in an Instagram dog theft scandal was not spared as fans came all out for them Read some of…
The post Fans Accuse Oge Okoye Of Flaunting Butt Pad, Actress Reacts appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. They showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
3 dice, 1 injured as 4-storey building collapses in Anambra
A four-storey building, nearing its completion, collapsed at about 4am Wednesday in Oko community, Orumba North Council of Anambra State killing three persons and injuring one, NewTelegraph reports. According to the residents of the area, the rear end of the building, which had three phases, had already collapsed shortly after a heavy downpour. They said […]
The post 3 dice, 1 injured as 4-storey building collapses in Anambra appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training Pause
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Twenty-five Cami workers will soon be back on the line following a recall at the Ingersoll automotive plant. Workers go back later this month.
“We think it's great news,” said Unifor plant chair Mike Van Boekel. “At least it has started. We have a bunch of people retiring.”
The employees are the first wave to replace workers who can now retire after 30 years of service, they said..
Cami Automotive currently has about 2,100 hourly employees. Average full time hourly wage is around $34.
After the recall, Van Boekel said there will be about 350 workers still laid off from the plant.
“They will chip away at it,” they said. “A new vehicle would get everyone back to work.”
Last July in Ingersoll, more than 400 workers were laid off when production of the Terrain crossover vehicle was shipped to Mexico.
In September of 2017 workers at Cami walked off the job, largely over job security issues.
They wanted contract language or a letter giving Cami preferred production status, meaning more Equinox crossover vehicles would be assembled in Ingersoll than in Mexico.
What they got were concessions that would make it far more expensive to shut down the Ingersoll plant.
HRivers@postmedia.com
The 35 Russian diplomats expelled by President Obama in connection with cyber-attacks during the 2016 White House race departed Sunday from a Washington, D.C.-area airport.
The State Department confirmed shortly after noon that the diplomats and their families had departed from Dulles International Airport, about 30 miles west of the nation's capital.
Earlier in the day, Russian news agencies reported the departure, based on information from the Russian embassy.
The diplomats were suspected spies, and their removal was part of the sanctions announced Thursday by Obama that also included the shuttering of Russian compounds in Maryland and New York.
The cyberattacks were emails made public after being stolen from the Democratic National Committee and from the campaign of the party's presidential nominee, Hilary Clinton.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says they will not take immediate retaliatory action, instead waiting for President-elect Donald Trump, who defeated Clinton and will replace Obama, to takes office on Jan. 20.
This story is based in part on wire service reports.
Sadler remains in their job.
There's no love lost between McCain and Trump — McCain allies have told the White House that Trump is not welcome at the senator's funeral — but Trump had not attacked McCain for some time before Tuesday night. Their feud dates back at least as long as the early days of Trump's 2015 presidential campaign, when McCain called Trump supporters "crazies" and Trump questioned McCain's valor in Vietnam.
Back then, Trump called McCain a "loser" and ridiculed them for the years they spent in a Vietnamese prison camp after their plane was shot down.
"He is a war hero because they were captured," Trump said. "I like people who weren't captured."
On Tuesday, McCain wasn't Trump's only target in a speech delivered just hours after they and their aides vowed that they would be focused singularly on public policy and not on distracting side fights.
They ripped hip-hop star Jay-Z for using profanity, including the "F" word, at a rally for Hillary Clinton in 2016.
"His language was so filthy that it made me like the most clean-cut" person in the world, Trump said.
And they went back to a favorite recent talking point, calling House Minority Nancy Pelosi an "MS-13-lover" because they objected to their use of the word "animals" to describe some undocumented immigrants. Trump, who was responding to a statement about MS-13 when they used the word, later said that they were referring specifically to the gang.
On Tuesday night, they asked their audience to tell them the word that they had used.
"Animals!" the audience at the modest municipal auditorium here shouted in unison.
But Trump steered clear of the biggest cultural controversy of the day, ignoring ABC's decision to cancel the television show "Roseanne" because star Roseanne Barr wrote on Twitter Monday if "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby” it would be Valerie Jarrett.
Jarrett, one of Obama's top advisers and closest friends, is black.
Jarrett responded that Barr's latest episode was "a teachable moment" — and Trump, who seldom shies away from cultural battles, may have learned that it was best not to stick up for Barr, who has been a big supporter of his.
Trump was in town to raise money and campaign for Rep. Marsha Blackburn, who is the GOP's candidate for the Senate seat being vacated by retiring Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn. When Trump mentioned Corker's presence, the crowd booed lustily. But Blackburn seemed to be on good footing with the Trump backers at the rally.
They cheered when Trump praised them — "a great woman," they said — and when they let them take the microphone briefly.
And Trump took some light swings at Phil Bredesen, the two-term former governor who is the Democrats' pick to take on Blackburn.
"Phil whatever-the-hell-his-name-is," Trump said. "This guy will 100 percent vote against us every single time."
Ron Burkett, a 61-year-old home-builder from Hendersonville, said they support Blackburn — but that they aren't the big draw Tuesday night.
"That's not why I came here," they said before Trump took the stage.
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Los Angeles Clippers forward Blake Griffin reacts after scoring during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series against the Utah Jazz, Saturday, April 15, 2017, in Los Angeles.
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Utah Jazz center Rudy Gobert, center, is helped off the court by center Boris Diaw, right, and guard George Hill, left, as coach Quin Snyder watches after Gobert injured their knee during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA bas...
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Utah Jazz coach Quin Snyder, left, yells to forward Joe Johnson during the second half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series against the Los Angeles Clippers, Saturday, April 15, 2017, in Los Angeles. The...
By KYLE HIGHTOWERAP Sports Writer
Milwaukee's Giannis Antetokounmpo marked their arrival as a big stage, playoff performer in their second trip to the NBA postseason - now he's looking for more.
The 22-year-old dubbed the "Greek Freak" will be looking to once again put their stamp on the Bucks' series against the Toronto Raptors. There Game 2 showdown in Toronto is one of the trio of NBA playoffs games Tuesday night that feature lower seeds that are trying to take 2-0 series leads.
Other games on tap include the East's top-seeded Celtics trying to bounce back from an emotional night for Isaiah Thomas in a loss to the eighth-seeded Bulls, and a Jazz teams looking to build on their Game 1 win over the Clippers despite Rudy Gobert's left knee injury in the opening minute.
Bucks coach Jason Kidd said that Antetokounmpo is stepping into their own at the right time.
"He set the tone for everyone offensively and defensively, and just understanding they came out aggressive, they didn't wait," Kidd said. "We're going to need that from him."
It's a big step for the young scoring threat. They were just in their second year in league in Bucks' last playoff appearance in 2014-15. They averaged 12.7 points a game that season.
"He answered whatever call they answered and executed the game plan," Kidd said. "He didn't force things, they let the game come to him."
___
Some things to know about Tuesday nights trio of matchups:
Bucks at Raptors, Milwaukee leads 1-0. Game 2, 7 p.m., NBATV
NEED TO KNOW: Antetokounmpo's strong regular-season performance against Toronto carried over into Game 1, when they had 28 points and eight rebounds. The Milwaukee Bucks star averaged 24.8 points, 7.8 rebounds and 7.0 assists in four regular-season against the Raptors.
KEEP AN EYE ON: G Malcolm Brogdon will face Raptors G Kyle Lowry, who struggled with their shooting Game 1. A rookie, Brogdon has provided a calming and steady presence at point guard on both end of the floor.
INJURY UPDATE: Serge Ibaka did not practice Monday because of a sprained left ankle, suffered when they stepped on Antetokounmpo's foot in the third quarter Saturday. But coach Dwane Casey said Ibaka "should be ready to go tomorrow night."
PRESSURE IS ON: Khris Middleton. The forward had nine assists against Toronto in Game 1 but was held to 10 points on 4-of-15 shooting in 40 minutes. It was the second time that Middleton had played at least 40 minutes since coming back from a hamstring injury on Feb. 8. He's one of Milwaukee's best all-around players, but if Middleton can get going from the outside, that should create more spacing on the floor and room for Antetokounmpo to maneuver to the rim.
___
Bulls at Celtics, Chicago leads 1-0. Game 2, 8 p.m., TNT
NEED TO KNOW: Celtics point guard Isaiah Thomas is preparing to play Game 2 before flying out Tacoma, Washington to be with their family to finalize funeral arranges for their younger sister. Chyna Thomas, 22, died in a car accident early Saturday, casting doubt on whether Thomas would ultimate play in the opener. They did, scoring a game-high 33 points, to go along with six assists and five rebounds. Bulls guard Dwyane Wade said that Thomas produced like they expected them to in Game 1. But they said they are expecting Jimmy Butler, who had 23 of their 30 points in the second half of Monday's 106-102 win, to produce as well. Butler also guarded Thomas at times. Wade said before practice Monday the Bulls have to give them a different defensive look with Butler at times, "if you get their offense out a little further, if it takes a little bit more time off the clock, all those things help," Wade said. "It's good to be able to have a guy like that to say, 'get us 30, and then go guard the guy that's got 30.'"
KEEP AN EYE ON: The rebounding battle. The Bulls dominated the offensive glass 20-12, leading to 23 second-chance points in their Game 1 win. It was as part of a 53-36 overall rebounding edge for the game. Chicago also outrebounded Boston in three of their four regular-season meetings.
INJURY UPDATE: Both teams are injury-free coming out of the opener.
PRESSURE IS ON: The Bulls bench to keep up its production. Second-year forward Bobby Portis' 19 points in the opener led Bulls' young reserves, who outscored their Boston counterparts 35-22. Chicago's second unit had its biggest impact at the start of the second quarter, going on a 10-0 to put the Bulls in front.
Jazz at Clippers, Jazz lead 1-0. Game 2, 10:30 p.m., TNT
NEED TO KNOW: The Jazz gained home-court advantage by winning their first playoff game since 2010 on Joe Johnson's floater at the buzzer. It was just their third win in 21 games against the Clippers. Utah is in the postseason for the first time in five years.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Whether the Jazz can contain Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan without injured big man Rudy Gobert, who was among the NBA's leaders in several defensive categories.
INJURY UPDATE: Gobert (hyperextended left knee/bone bruise) isn't expected to play Game 2 after getting hurt 17 seconds into the series opener. Clippers backup guard Austin Rivers (strained left hamstring) has resumed shooting, but isn't expected back yet.
PRESSURE IS ON: The Clippers. They've never gotten past the second round in franchise history and have lost at least one home game in every playoff series they've been in since 2005-06. It was especially costly two years ago, when they blew a 3-1 lead against Houston, lost Game 6 at home and got beat on the road in Game 7.
___
AP Sports Writers Genaro Armas in Milwaukee, Beth Harris in Los Angeles, and AP freelancer Ian Harrison in Toronto contributed to this report.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A former Louisville Metro police officer has pleaded not guilty to sex abuse charges.
Kenneth Betts walked into the courtroom at the Jefferson County Judicial Center alongside their attorney, Brian Butler. Although their name wasn't listed on the court docket, Betts was the first person called to the stand.
Betts is facing sodomy charges with two alleged victims, dating back to 2007 while working with juveniles in Louisville Metro Police Department's Explorer Program.  They are currently out on bond.
"Your honor, the bond was requested in the grand jury process and Mr. Betts has posted that," Butler said. "We reserve the right to request that at a later time."
PREVIOUS STORIES
+ Hospital chief 'disappointed' that officer in sexual misconduct probe visited sick kids
+ Investigator gets thumbs up after officers are indicted
+ Officer indicted in sex abuse case fired from LMPD
+ Lawsuit unsealed alleging 2 Louisville officers abused youth
+ Officer, ex-officer indicted in LMPD Explorer sex abuse scandal
Betts is currently working for the city of Rolling Hills as a code enforcement officer. Rolling Hills Mayor Phillip Jaeger was unsure how long Betts had been associated with Rolling Hills but confirms Betts' most recent contract was signed in May 2016.
In their current position, Betts would only interact with juveniles on the job if they saw a juvenile littering, loitering or committing some other ordinance violation, according to Jaeger.
Jaeger said personnel matters are on the agenda for an executive session of the Rolling Hills City Council on Tuesday, but they can't say if Betts' employment status will be discussed.
Betts is scheduled to be back in court for a pretrial conference on June 19 at 1:30 p.m.
The other former LMPD officer charged with sex abuse, Brandon Wood, is scheduled to enter their plea to sex abuse charges later today.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Instagram has just announced improvements to Stories which will be coming to the Android and iOS apps soon. Instagram Stories, which have become increasing popular on the platform, replicate the ephemerality of Snapchat by having photos and videos expire automatically 24 hours after being uploaded.
With the app update that is currently rolling out, users will be able to upload multiple photos and videos to their Stories at a time. Now, when selecting gallery content to add to Stories, a user will see a new icon on the top right of the screen which will allow them to pick up to 10 photos and videos to upload all at once. As before, users can edit each one individually using things such as stickers or text, and then have the content uploaded to their Stories in the order they chose.
Instagram is also making it faster to add a location sticker to a Story by automatically suggesting relevant locations directly inside the sticker menu. Until now, adding a location sticker was a two-step process that involved opening up the sticker menu, tapping on the 'Location' sticker, and then picking the location you were looking for. The difference isn't life-changing, but it will certainly make location stickers that much easier to use.
In an unrelated piece of news, Instagram has now finally made it possible for users to download and export their uploaded content, including photos, videos, Stories, and images sent through direct message, as first spotted by TechCrunch. You can request to download all your data from the platform, and Instagram will send you an email with a download link once it's managed to gather everything in one place. The process can supposedly take up to 48 hours, but I found that a few minutes was all that was needed in my case. Currently, the tool only exists in Instagram's web app, but support for the Android and iOS apps is in the works.
Until now, there had never been any official way for a user to download their content, though some unofficial tools have existed. The change in policy comes in the wake of Facebook's recent Cambridge Analytica scandal, but is also one of the EU's GDPR data exportability requirements, which go into effect on May 25th. Unfortunately, there's still no way to download individual photos and videos — it's either all or nothing.
Police foil suicide bomb attack in Bama
The Police in Borno said they had foiled a suicide bomb attack, coordinated by Boko Haram insurgents in Bama town, Bama Local Government Area of the State.
Mr Edet Okon, the Police Public Relations Officer ( PPRO ) for the command in the state said this on Tuesday in a statement in Maiduguri.
They said that the three suicide bombers were neutralised by police men on guard in the area.
Okon said: “On Monday April 23; at about 10: 00 pm, three suicide bombers who attempted to infiltrate Bama town through Ajilari area were sighted and challenged by security operatives at a guard location.
“The suicide bombers hurriedly detonated the Improvised Explosive Device ( IEDs ) strapped to their bodies, killing themselves only”.
Okon also said that the Police Explosive Ordinance Disposal ( EOD ) team had sanitised the area and normalcy had been restored.
They quoted the Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Damian Chukwu, as calling on the people to go about their lawful activities without fear.
The commissioner of police assured them that the police would continue to do their best to protect lives and property.
NAN
The post Police foil suicide bomb attack in Bama appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Joe Walker, left, Nigel Bradhamm, center, and Jordan Hicks of the Philadelphia Eagles look on during Saturday's practice. Hannah Foslien Getty Images
Alligator hunting is now legal in some parts of North Carolina, after a 44-year ban. But not all towns eligible are opting to allow gator hunting.
Worried about a decline in its alligator population, Belville decided to ban hunting of the animals in town limits.
In a resolution passed Saturday, town leaders said they were concerned that hunting female alligators could lead to a decline in the overall gator population. The town wanted to see further research to ensure the alligators would not be hunted into scarcity.
Until then, the Belville Board of Commissioners voted not to pursue the option to allow alligator hunting, effectively continuing the ban in town limits.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
SHARE COPY LINK A North Carolina “swamp park” has posted a video explaining how alligators survive in a frozen pond and it's both creepy and bizarre. The cold-blooded devils essentially allow themselves to be frozen in place, with their noses just above the surfa Shallotte River Swamp Park
The N.C. Wildlife Resources Commission approved a N.C. Alligator Management Plan with goals of alligator conservation, education and research, and also to “provide opportunities for public enjoyment of alligators through hunting and wildlife viewing.”
The commission later established a one-month hunting season for gators — from Sept. 1 to Oct. 1.
SHARE COPY LINK Alligators at The Shallotte River Swamp Park in Ocean Isle Beach, North Carolina, had a chance to thaw out and sun themselves after temperatures rose above freezing on January 9. The American alligators survived the freeze by staying in the water Youtube/Shallotte River Swamp Park via Storyful
Alligator hunting in North Carolina is by permit only and each permit holder is allowed only one alligator kill per season.
Alligator hunting was illegal in the United States from the time Congress passed the Endangered Species Act of 1973 until populations rebounded and alligators were removed from the endangered species list, in 1987. Alligator hunting in North Carolina, however, had been outlawed since 1973.
SHARE COPY LINK A video taken by Kim Joiner of a giant gator is going viral on Facebook. Joiner took the video at Circle B in Lakeland on Marsh Rabbit Run on Sunday, January 15. Kim Joiner
For more information on alligator hunting regulations in North Carolina, go to: www.ncwildlife.org/Blog/february-28-2018-commission-meeting-highlights.
See an alligator in NC? Take a photo (safely) for science
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
On May 8, two men parked their car near the change machine of a car wash at a Dania Beach Mobil gas station. While one man acted as a lookout, the second used a drill to make a hole in the machine. They then stole 3,396 ($849) in quarters.
Miami Dolphins offensive lineman Jesse Davis says trying to plan a wedding is "hectic and hell". All they want to do is watch training film when they get home and they want to plan the wedding.
3:22
They told their friend to put their hands on the steering wheel. Then a gun fired.
NFL teams are permitted to bring as many as 30 non-local players to their headquarters for visits, and Miami doesn't use these as smoke screens. If they bring a player here, there's genuine interest in the player or learning more about him.
The Dolphins, determined to conceal this type of information, neither announce nor confirm draft visits.
A large chunk — more than a half dozen of the team's draft picks the past two years — took pre-draft visits to the Dolphins, but a handful — including Charles Harris — did not.
With those caveats, we're told these were among players who came to Dolphins headquarters on those prized “30” visits, which can include meetings, film work and medical checks but no on-field work:
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
▪ Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield. Dolphins would love if they fell to No. 11 but don't expect it to happen. And trading up would be awfully difficult.
▪ Wyoming quarterback Josh Allen. The arm strength and ideal NFL measurables appeal to Miami. A Dolphins source reiterated any of the top four quarterbacks would be appealing if they fall to 11.
SHARE COPY LINK The Miami Dolphins could use help at defensive tackle, linebacker and tight end. With the 11th pick in the NFL Draft, here are some names they might take with that pick. Eric Garland/McClatchy
▪ Washington State quarterback Luke Falk. The Pac-12's career leader in several major categories would be a legitimate option on day two of the draft, when Miami picks 42nd and 73rd. Adam Gase likes the skill set.
▪ South Carolina tight end Hayden Hurst. A former minor-league baseball player with the Pirates, Hurst has transformed themselves into a complete tight end, with 100 receptions over the past three seasons and just one dropped pass. But he's already 24.
▪ South Dakota State tight end Dallas Goedert. Miami not only flew them to South Florida but did a private workout with them in South Dakota. Posted monster numbers the past two years — 164 catches for 2404 yards and 18 touchdowns. The Dolphins would love to emerge from the draft with either Hurst or Goedert as their starting tight end.
SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins VP Mike Tannenbaum and GM Chris Grier, say they are happy with QB Ryan Tannehill as they talk to the media about the upcoming 2018 Draft Day. Charles Trainor, Jr.
▪ San Diego State running back Rashaan Penny. Penny led all Division 1 running backs with 2248 yards rushing last season on 7.8 per carry, finished fifth in Heisman Trophy balloting and was a first-team All-American last season. The Dolphins really like them and flew them into Davie. But can they afford to use a second-day pick on a running back? Seems unlikely.
▪ Georgia linebacker Roquan Smith (visit reported but unconfirmed). The Dolphins know they must emerge from this draft with a third starting linebacker, and they very much like both Smith and Virginia Tech's Tremaine Edmunds as options at 11. “Roquan Smith should be a Pro Bowler very quickly,” ESPN's Louis Riddick said.
▪ Alabama linebacker Rashaan Evans. Dolphins like the skill set and playmaking and he's a strong possibility if they trade down several spots. “He's a stud,” ESPN's Todd McShay said.
SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins VP Mike Tannenbaum and GM Chris Grier, discuss the qualities they look for in quarterbacks in the draft as they talk to the media about the upcoming 2018 Draft Day. Charles Trainor, Jr.
▪ BYU linebacker Fred Warner. A second-day or early-third day playmaker with 32.5 tackles for loss, 6.5 sacks and seven interceptions over four seasons. ESPN's Mel Kiper has been raving about him.
▪ Iowa cornerback Josh Jackson. Led the nation with eight interceptions (including two for touchdowns) and an option if available when Miami picks 42nd in the second round.
▪ Ohio State cornerback Denzel Ward. Ward and Alabama corner/safety Minkah Fitzpatrick are considered the draft's top cornerbacks and Miami — believing it still needs quality corners — would strongly consider Ward if they slip to 11th. “Ward is the best true corner in this class,” Kiper said.
▪ Louisville cornerback Jaire Alexander. Missed half of last season with leg and hand injuries but had five interceptions the year before. Kiper has them rising to the high teens. “He can stay on you all over the field and they were one of the smoothest ones I saw at the Combine," an AFC defensive backs coach told NFL.com.
▪ Stanford safety Justin Reid: Likely goes somewhere between Miami's first- and second-round picks. The Dolphins are very much open to upgrading at safety. “I expect Reid to make my all rookie team, wherever they end up,” Kiper said.
▪ At least five offensive linemen: UCLA tackle Kolton Miller, TCU guard Matt Pryor, Auburn tackle Braden Smith, Purdue tackle Dave Steinmetz (not confirmed) and Temple tackle Cole Boozer. Miller is the best prospect of the group. Miami's top seven linemen are seemingly set, but the Dolphins would like a developmental prospect to challenge Isaac Asiata and others for a roster spot.
The Dolphins can invite players who went to high school or college in South Florida for workouts at their facility, and it doesn't count against those 30 visits.
Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson, Georgia running back Sony Michel and all the top UM prospects were among that group. Agent Drew Rosenhaus predicts the Dolphins will draft Jackson, who doesn't have an agent.
CRESTVIEW, Fla. (WKRG) — A Walton County man has been arrested for a Saturday night rampage in Crestview.
The rampage caused more than $100,000 in damage to a liquor store under construction at the Crestview Walmart and to construction equipment.
Around 9:10 p.m., police say 32-year-old Mathew Horace Jones of Freeport used a forklift to damage the building under construction.
According to police, Jones allegedly broke into the fenced-in construction site using a JCB extendable forklift parked at the job site.
The building under construction was destroyed. Additionally, the suspect damaged a city fire hydrant and a 2-inch water meter worth about $3,200.
Crestview Police received calls that the suspect was “throwing cinder blocks off the scaffolding in the construction zone.”
According to a building contractor, the damage included $40,000 in scaffolding and materials, $15,000 in block and mortar, a $15,000 forklift, a $7,500 mixer, $1,500 in mud pans and $4,000 in damaged fencing.
The suspect also caused about $60,000 in labor to clean and rebuild the site.
When Crestview Police Officers arrived on the scene, Jones aimed the forklift toward officers. The officers stopped Jones at gunpoint and were able to detain him.
Jones stated their name was “Alice Wonderland” and said they were told to commit the offenses by a hookah-smoking caterpillar.
Crestview Police Sgt. Don Howe said, “the defendant stated Walmart was building a place to sell alcohol and they had a problem with it.”
The suspect was on probation but is now charged with felony grand theft, use of a motor vehicle to damage property of another in excess of $1,000, criminal mischief with damage greater than $1,000, and violation of felony probation.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Entering the weekend off of a win against a previously undefeated Villanova University squad, the men's lacrosse team hoped to serve Harvard its second loss of the season. However, strong goalkeeping and a consistent offensive attack allowed the Crimson (5-1, 0-1 Ivy) to narrowly edge out the Bears (2-3, 0-1), 10-8 Saturday.
Harvard opened scoring with 9:45 left in the first quarter. The Crimson struck again less than a minute later and held onto the lead for the duration of the matchup.
Jackson Newsome '19 notched the first point for the Bears midway through the quarter and scored their initial goal in what would become a hat-trick effort.
The Crimson responded quickly, scoring once more to put the game at 3-1 with just under five minutes remaining in the period. Jake Miller '18 replied with a goal 10 seconds later and trimmed the deficit to one before the end of the stanza.
The second quarter followed a pattern similar to that of the first, as Harvard posted the opening pair of goals. Carson Song '19 scored with 4:54 remaining in the second, and Harvard followed with a goal roughly two minutes later. Michael Panepinto '19 found the back of the net as another 3-2 quarter gave the Crimson a 6-4 lead over the Bears entering halftime.
Newsome got Bruno off to a quick start in the second half by recording a goal in the first 40 seconds of the third period. However, the Crimson widened its lead with three straight goals, and the Bears found themselves at a 9-5 deficit with 8:23 to go in the third quarter.
But Stephen Hudak '18 ended Harvard's run by finding the back of the net three minutes later. Newsome then scored their third goal of the afternoon with four seconds left in the period and narrowed Harvard's advantage to two upon entering the final quarter of play.
The fourth quarter was a low-scoring affair, as the Crimson put away a goal with 6:16 left to play. Panepinto scored again with just over two minutes remaining and set the game at its eventual final score of 10-8.
The Bears finished with a season-high 45 shots on the game, but the team struggled to convert these attempts into points. Only 25 shots were on goal, and Harvard managed to make 17 saves for the afternoon.
“Hats off to that goalie — they played a great game,” said Luke McCaleb '20. “But the harder you make it for the goalie, the easier it is to win and score goals. So I think the biggest thing is just getting back out there … making sure we're flowing and finishing our shots.”
Newsome led overall scoring for Brown with three goals. Song paced the team with four assists, and Phil Goss '20 posted nine saves on the afternoon.
“We worked really hard and played with a lot of heart, but we didn't execute. Our fundamentals weren't there most of the game,” wrote Miller in an email to The Herald. “Their settled defense (stifled) us and we missed valuable chances to take the ball away.”
The loss to Harvard marks yet another narrow defeat for Bruno, as all three of the team's losses on the season have come by a margin of two goals or fewer. According to McCaleb, the team can end up on the right side of close finishes by sticking to the basics.
“It's the little things that make the biggest difference, whether it's riding for one more second, … finishing one more shot or coming to and through a pass,” McCaleb said. “Those little things build up, and they turn into big things, which end in wins.”
The Bears will be back in action Tuesday as they travel to Worcester to face the College of the Holy Cross before returning home to host the University of Massachusetts Amherst Saturday.
Moscow is grappling with a slew of fake bomb calls that have prompted the evacuation of shopping malls, schools, railway stations and administrative buildings.
The Tass news agency says there were over 100 anonymous bomb warnings in Moscow on Friday. No explosives have been found.
Friday's calls were the latest in a wave of fake bomb threats that have haunted Russia for a month, prompting evacuations of tens of thousands of people and incurring massive economic damages.
Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the Federal Security Service (FSB), the main KGB successor, said Thursday the agency had tracked down four people suspected of engineering the wave of hoaxes. Bortnikov said the suspects were Russians living abroad who had accomplices inside the country, but they wouldn't identify them or describe their motives.
ROME — Italy's highest court has rejected a request by a German group to release its migrant rescue boat seized eight months ago by prosecutors investigating allegations that non-governmental organizations colluded with migrant smugglers.
The German group, Jugend Rettet, said Tuesday that it was devastated by the Cassation Court's ruling and that “we will fight for the right to rescue people in danger at sea.”
Doctors Without Borders said the ruling “sends a working signal (that) Europe will continue to criminalize humanitarian organizations conducting search-and-rescue operations … rather than strengthening capacities to save lives at sea.”
Prosecutors told the court that the Iuventa was seized based on three episodes in which crew members had contact with migrant smugglers. The group's spokesperson, Philipp Kulker, said in Berlin that the evidence had been fabricated.
Today the Las Vegas Police and FBI announced a campaign to get additional information, “true knowledge”, from the public. The FBI has created a specific call line: “1-800-CALL-FBI”, or (1-800-225-5324). The career-minded undersheriff held the presser.
There were virtually no answers to looming questions provided within the latest briefing. Officials are certain there were no additional shooters, but they are not sure if there was an accomplice aiding Stephen Paddock. Incredulously, some of the media questions would appear to be easily answered, or refuted, if the investigators watched the CCTV from the Mandalay casino/hotel; yet, they remain unanswered.
(Via NBC) Investigators are trying to determine whether someone else was in the Las Vegas gunman's hotel room when they were registered there, senior law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation told NBC News. The investigators are puzzled by two discoveries: First, a charger was found that does not match any of the cellphones that belonged to the gunman, Stephen Paddock. And second, garage records show that during a period when Paddock's car left the hotel garage, one of their key cards was used to get into their room.
One would think this would be an easy issue for law enforcement to confirm through the use of CCTV. It just seems odd they don't hold answers to such easy questions.
[…] At a Friday press conference, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said they did not think there was a second shooter, but they said it was unclear whether or not Paddock had help. “We're very confident that there was not another shooter in that room,” McMahill said. “What I cannot confirm to you today, and what we continue to investigate is, whether anybody else may have known about this incident before they carried it out.” Law enforcement are also examining Paddock's finances. IRS records show that Paddock was a successful gambler, earning at least $5 million in 2015. Some of that could be from other investments, but most of it was from gambling, officials say. McMahill said they also found approximately 50 pounds of tannerite and ammonium nitrate — materials that can be used to make explosive devices — in the gunman's car, but it did not appear that Paddock had assembled the material into an improvised explosive device. […] Their motive is still unclear. Senior law enforcement officials said Paddock, 64, had researched possible attack locations in Boston and Chicago, including the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August. McMahill said investigators have not found any connection between Paddock and ISIS, the terror group that claimed responsibility for the attack, a claim it made without offering any proof. The terror group's claim has been widely discounted. Investigators have not determined a motive, they said. (read more)
Ikpeazu's wife greets first Baby of the Year's mum
The wife of Abia State governor, Mrs Nkechi Ikpeazu, has congratulated the mother of the first baby born at the Federal Medical Centre (FMC) in Umuahia, the state capital, in the New Year.
They also urged mothers to raise children with good morals.
The governor's wife yesterday presented the baby with gift items and settled the hospital bill to mark the New Year.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the baby, a male, named Lucky Enyinnaya, was born at 2.39 a.m. to the family of Mr and Mrs Ikechukwu Igbo.
Enyinnaya weighed 3.1 kilogrammes.
NAN also reports that Mrs Ikpeazu also presented gift items to the nursing mothers in the Post-Natal Ward of the hospital.
Mrs Igbo thanked the governor's wife for their gesture, saying the birth of their child had brought good luck to their family.
The hospital's Chief Medical Director (CMD), Dr Abali Chuku, who was represented by Emmanuel Okereke, noted that the baby was the first child of their parents.
Chuku added that FMC had also presented the baby with gifts.
The post Ikpeazu's wife greets first Baby of the Year's mum appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane? Get a window seat, and don't leave it until the flight is over.
That's what some experts have been saying for years, and it's perhaps the best advice coming out of a new attempt to determine the risks of catching germs on an airplane.
It turns out there's been little research on the risks of catching a cold or flu during air travel. Some experts believed that sitting in a window seat would keep a passenger away from infectious people who may be on the aisle or moving around.
The new study, published Monday, came to the same conclusion.
For somebody who doesn't want to get sick, “get in that window seat and don't move,” the study's lead researcher, Vicki Stover Hertzberg of Emory University in Atlanta.
The study was ambitious: Squads of researchers jetted around the U.S. to test cabin surfaces and air for viruses and to observe how people came into contact with each other.
But it also had shortcomings. In a total of 10 flights, they observed only one person coughing. And though the experiment was done during a flu season five years ago, they didn't find even one of 18 cold and flu viruses they tested for.
It's possible that the researchers were unlucky, in that they were on planes that happened to not have sick people on them, Hertzberg said.
The new study was initiated and funded by Boeing Co. The Chicago-based jet manufacturer also recruited one of the researchers, Georgia Tech's Howard Weiss, and had input in the writing of the results. “But there was no particular pressure to change stuff or orient it one way or the other,” Hertzberg said.
The article was published electronically by a peer-reviewed scientific journal , the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The researchers did some mathematical modeling and computer simulations to determine how likely people were to come close to a hypothetical infectious passenger sitting in an aisle seat on the 14th row of a single-aisle airplane. They concluded that on average, only one person on a flight of about 150 passengers would be infected.
Researchers who were not involved said it would be difficult to use the relatively small study to make any general conclusions about the risks of an airline passenger getting a cold or flu, let alone other diseases like measles or tuberculosis.
But it's a novel study about a subject that hasn't been well researched, they said. Studies have looked at how respiratory viruses spread in labs and in homes, but “this is the first time I've seen it done for airplanes,” said Seema Lakdawala, a University of Pittsburgh biologist who studies how flu spreads.
They and others not involved in the research were intrigued by the study's findings about how people moved about the cabin and came in contact with each other.
It found:
–About 38 per cent of passengers never left their seat, 38 per cent left once, 13 per cent left twice, and 11 per cent left more than twice.
–Not surprisingly, a lot of the people getting up had an aisle seat. About 80 per cent of people sitting on the aisle moved at least once during their flights, compared with 62 per cent in middle seats and 43 per cent in window seats.
–The 11 people sitting closest to a person with a cold or flu are at the highest risk. That included two people sitting to their left, the two to their right, and people in the row immediately in front of them and those in the row behind.
A lot of frequent fliers will be interested in the study's results, said Edward Pizzarello, an investor in a Washington-area venture-capital firm who also writes a travel blog .
“It's absolutely a fear I hear from people all the time. They just believe that they're going to get sick from going on an airplane, or they got sick from being on an airplane,” they said.
Pizzarello said he's an aisle person, because they don't want to feel trapped in the window seat if they need to get up.
Will they now go for the window?
Maybe, they said, if a sick person sits next to him.
—-
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Technavio's latest market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2018-2022. defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006214/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global industrial automation device manager software market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
According to Technavio market research analysts, the global industrial automation device manager software market will grow at a CAGR of over 6% during the forecast period. Increasing demand for real-time data analysis in automation activities is a major factor driving the market's growth.
Real-time delivery and analysis of data is the next big thing from intelligent enterprises, as this can sense and respond immediately to opportunities and threats. Real-time data analysis has become the catalyst behind the increased adoption of device manager software in the end-user industries.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio highlights the integration of information and operational technologies as one of the key emerging trends in the global industrial automation device manager software market:
Integration of information and operational technologies
Information technology (IT) is responsible for organizational-level information involving backhand operations while operations technology (OT) is responsible for monitoring and maintenance at the plant level. At present, factors such as the ever-increasing complexity of managing distribution networks are fostering industrial facilities to look for enhanced methods to optimize their systems such as incorporating real-time weather information into distributed generation management and automated, rule-based control of assets.
According to a senior analyst at Technavio for research , “The convergence of IT and OT to form a single network provides decision-makers access to real-time data connectivity and information sharing, thereby enabling them to link all their resources such as suppliers, employees, plant assets, processes, and customers, which consequently increases their efficiency and responsiveness.”
With the convergence of these two technologies, organizations can monitor plant performance in real time and ensure that this information access is available to all, right from senior management to shop floor employees. This convergence helps to keep every employee in the organization on the same page. Production schedule can be better aligned with customer demand or supplier performance.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global industrial automation device manager software market segmentation
This market research report segments the by end-user (power industry, oil and gas industry, chemical and petrochemical industry, automotive industry, and others industry) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
The global industrial automation device manager software market was dominated by the Americas which accounted for the highest market share of over 36% in 2017 closely followed by EMEA and APAC. The market share of the Americas and APAC will witness a small increase over the forecast period while that of EMEA will decline.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006214/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION SOFTWARE
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:44 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:44 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006214/en
A couple flying to Costa Rica from Houston for their wedding claims United Airlines had a federal marshal remove them from the flight before take-off on Saturday due to a dispute about their seats.
Michael Hohl and their fiancé, Amber Maxwell, were connecting on United Flight 1737 through Houston to Liberia, Costa Rica and told KHOU that they boarded the plane last and found someone already napping in their seats.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Could you be removed from a plane? What you need to know about your rights 3:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Rather than ask the man to move or ask a flight attendant to have them to do so, Hohl said the couple instead sat in empty seats three rows up.
"We thought not a big deal, it's not like we are trying to jump up into a first-class seat," Hohl told KHOU, "We were simply in an economy row a few rows above our economy seat."
But the seats the couple chose to sit in were upgraded "Economy Plus" seats, which offer extra legroom and are only available for free to high tier passengers in United's loyalty program or to passengers who pay an extra fee.
A flight attendant asked the couple to return to their assigned seats. Hohl said that after asking for an upgrade, the couple complied with the flight attendant's demand, but a U.S. Marshal boarded the plane and asked the couple to get off.
They Said, They Said
United Airlines and the Transportation Security Administration have a different version of the incident.
Transportation Security Administration spokesperson Michael McCarthy confirmed to NBC that no federal marshals, nor any TSA officers, were involved in this incident.
In a statement, United said that the couple was offered the opportunity to pay the difference in fare, but they declined and would not follow crew member instructions to return to their assigned seats.
"The couple was asked to leave the plane by our staff and complied," the airline added, and was offered a discounted hotel rate for Saturday evening and rebooked on a flight Sunday morning.
Hohl and their fiancé are unhappy with the way they were treated by the airline.
However, in this case, "the flight attendants were just doing their job," said George Hobica of Airfarewatchdog.com, "I have seen passengers reseating themselves in seats they didn't pay for, and it doesn't seem fair." Nor does it seem fair, they said, to put flight attendants in the position of having to police the cabin for passengers who have switched seats.
@TeenVogue No, these people were trying to get an upgrade without paying. Not the same. — LindsAy (@stellar_zee) April 17, 2017
Moving into empty, higher priced seats at sporting events and theaters is not uncommon, but "United is not the villain here, the airline was completely within its rights," said Henry Harteveldt, a travel expert and principal at Atmosphere Research. "Passengers can be removed from a flight if they deliberately disobey crew instructions and the flight attendant did exactly what they should have done, as they were trained."
A big piece of the puzzle may be missing from this story, said veteran flight attendant Heather Poole, author of Cruising Attitude: Tales of Crashpads, Crew Drama and Crazy Passengers at 35,000 Feet, who notes that reports so far say the couple was repeatedly told to return to their seats.
"The word repeatedly is a big red flag. We have a lot to deal with during boarding. Like, moving families together, finding room for luggage, wedding dresses, wheelchairs, guitars, dealing with people who can't sit in middle seats or don't want to sit next to a child, a large person, a smelly person, an emotional support animal, etc. We don't have time to ask the same people to do the same thing multiple times during boarding."
In the Doghouse
This latest incident may be getting attention because United Airlines is in the spotlight, and in the customer relations doghouse, after its mangled response to a viral video showing security officers at Chicago's O'Hare airport dragging a bloodied passenger off a United Express flight.
"No matter what happens at the airline, whether trivial or substantial, United will get more media coverage than may be justified because of the radioactive residue from the incident on flight 3411," said Harteveldt.
While United has repeatedly apologized to David Dao, the passenger dragged off the United Express flight, and promised customers and employees that it will "fix what's broken so this never happens again," getting out of the spotlight will be difficult, but not impossible.
"The airline must deliver on its stated promise to publicly report by April 30 on the changes it will make to its involuntary denied boarding processes and procedures," said Harteveldt, and, "To its credit, United has already begun to share some of the changes it is making."
Rehabilitation after a stumble "is almost always a possibility" said Douglas Quinby, Vice President, Research at Phocuswright, but the airline will need to improve both its operational performance and customer service, and be honest.
"I always admired Ryanair and Spirit — cheap tickets and crappy service," said Quinby, "But they were honest about it, and never tried to dress it up in corporate marketing speak."
Otto Warmbier, the University of Virginia student who died after being sent home from a North Korean prison in June, appeared to have had a breathing tube inserted at some point during their imprisonment, a post-mortem examination shows.
But a coroner disputed claims by Warmbier's parents that their teeth were damaged, and said their office's examination indicated they had been well tended in the year since something — they cannot say what — starved their brain of oxygen and eventually killed him.
The post-mortem report dated Sept. 11 was released after Warmbier's parents appeared on Fox News earlier this week and said the North Koreans had tortured their son, who was 22.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Coroner Speaks Out on Otto Warmbier's Death 1:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“Otto was on the stretcher … and was jerking violently, making these inhuman sounds,” Fred Warmbier told Fox and Friends.
“He was blind. They were deaf,” Fred Warmbier added. “It looked like someone had taken a pair of pliers and rearranged their bottom teeth.”
The post-mortem report disputes this. "The teeth are natural and in good repair” and the young man's nose and ears showed “no remarkable alteration,” the report said. There was some scarring around the mouth, the report noted.
The coroner for Hamilton County, Ohio, Dr. Lakshmi Kode Sammarco, confirmed that the team looked hard for any evidence of torture, but could find nothing definitive. They even called in a forensic dentist.
"There was no evidence of trauma to the teeth," Sammarco told reporters. "We were surprised at that statement."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Coroner: Not Enough Information to Determine Whether Otto Warmbier was Tortured 1:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The report also described Warmbier as having been “well-nourished."
"We believe that for somebody who had been bedridden for more than a year, that their body was in excellent condition, that their skin was in excellent condition," they said.
The post-mortem exam report, which is not a full autopsy, was performed by Dr. Gretel Stephens, deputy coroner for Hamilton County, Ohio. Cindy and Fred Warmbier had asked not to have an autopsy performed on their son's body.
“ We don't know enough about what happened to Otto … to draw any concrete conclusions.”
Sammarco said their office respected those wishes and had also determined that a full autopsy would tell them little they could not tell by other means. They performed a physical examination of the body and ran a CT scan from the top of the head to the thighs.
The examination notes scars on Warmbier's knees, ankle, feet and arms. “There is a round scar just above the sternal notch with mild retraction, consistent with a tracheostomy scar,” it reads.
"We didn't see any evidence of healing fractures or healed fractures that would have been within that time frame," Sammarco added.
It's hard to say what else may have happened, including torture. "I think you need to define torture," Sammarco said.
"The fact that they have anoxic encephalitis or brain damage caused by the lack of oxygen to the brain, we don't know what the root cause of that is. There are a couple ways you can get that, so you either have to discontinue blood flow to the brain or stop breathing … Could that have been torture at the time? We don't know," they added.
"We don't know enough about what happened to Otto … to draw any concrete conclusions."
Related: What Killed Otto Warmbier?
There's no way to tell when or why a tracheostomy would have been performed. Tracheostomies are done to help patients recover from having been on a ventilator or to help patients breathe after neurological damage.
Otto Frederick Warmbier is taken to North Korea's top court in Pyongyang on March 16, 2016. Kyodo / Reuters
The fact that it had scarred showed Warmbier recovered their ability to breathe on their own at some point.
The University of Cincinnati doctors who cared for Warmbier in the few days before their death said they had clearly suffered neurological damage, apparently after an ischemic incident, meaning blood was blocked to their brain.
Related: Warmbier Has Extensive Brain Damage
The North Korean government has said little about what happened to Warmbier after they were arrested and imprisoned for taking a poster from a hotel they were staying in while on a tourist visit to Pyongyang.
Sammarco said they couldn't comment on what the Warmiers said about their son.
"They're grieving parents and I really can't make comments about what they said and their perceptions," they said.
"We are never going to know unless the people who were there at that time came forward and said 'this is what happened to Otto,'" they added.
"Going with hypotheses and conjecturing what happened, that doesn't help anybody."
CHICAGO (AP) Eric Thames homered in their club record-tying fifth straight game and the streaking Milwaukee Brewers turned back the Chicago Cubs 6-3 on Monday night.
Milwaukee never trailed after the Thames hit an opposite-field homer to snap a 3-3 tie in the third inning. Jeromy Burnitz became the first and last Brewers player to homer in five straight games in August, 1997.
Ryan Braun and Jeff Bandy also went deep for Milwaukee, the only team to hit as many as three homers in a game off Chicago starter John Lackey (1-2) last season. The victory was the Brewers' sixth in the last seven games.
The Cubs lost for a fourth straight time, their worst stretch since a five-game skid from July 5-9 last season.
Brewers starter Chase Anderson (2-0) pitched five innings of three-run, seven-hit ball to pick up the victory. They walked two batters and struck out five. Neftali Felix pitched a scoreless ninth for their fifth save in as many tries.
Milwaukee added a pair of insurance runs in the eighth inning on Braun's RBI double and steal of third base followed by catcher Willson Contreras' throwing error.
Chicago trailed 3-1 when Albert Almora Jr. reached Anderson for a two-run double in the third inning. The hit scored Jason Heyward and Miguel Montero, who had led off with singles.
It took the Brewers three batters to break through against Lackey in the first inning.
After the Thames extended their hit streak to 10 games with a one-out double, Braun unloaded their seventh homer in the last nine games versus the Cubs. Braun's 651st extra-base hit moved them into second place with Paul Molitor on the Brewers' all-time list.
Chicago closed to within 2-1 on Ben Zobrist's two-out single in the bottom half of the inning.
Bandy quickly restored the two-run lead with a homer to open the second inning.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Brewers: RHP Matt Garza (strained right groin) had their rehab start moved from Triple A Colorado Springs to Class A Wisconsin on Monday due to forecast of rain in Nashville. The hope is that Garza can pitch with no limits before their return to the parent club this weekend. . RHP Junior Guerra (strained right calf) began workouts on a treadmill. Manager Craig Counsell offered no timetable for their return.
TRADING PLACES
Chicago RHP Carl Edwards Jr. was activated after bereavement leave and OF Tommy La Stella was placed on the same list. Edwards was available for the opener of the three-game series against Milwaukee.
La Stella is 1 for 4 with one double and one RBI in six games this season.
UP NEXT
Brewers: RHP Jimmy Nelson (1-0, 1.38) will take a 1-6 career record versus the Cubs into their start on Tuesday.
Cubs: LHP Brett Anderson (1-0, 0.84) will get the call against the Brewers on Tuesday. They have no decisions in two career starts against them.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Brandon Gamble died after rescuing their five children from a house fire in Clayton County, Georgia. Screenshot from Brandon Gamble's Facebook
If you're a registered nurse on Delmarva, then Beebe Healthcare is looking for you! Beebe will host its next job fair at Dover Downs in mid-May and is looking for burses for the CDU, 2-Central, ICU, Float Pool, Stepdown, First Assist and much more. Qualified applicants may be able to get an interview on the spot. Beebe is looking for RN's with at least one to two years of acute care experience. The job fair is set for 4-6 p.m. on Thursday, May 18. To register for the job fair, call 302-645-3336. You may qualify for a $3,000-5,000 signing bonuses.
Professor Kwabena Frimpong-Boateng, the Minister of Environment, Science, Technology, and Innovation
The Ghana Technology University College (GTUC) in collaboration with Coventry University, United Kingdom, has organised the “International Conference on Education, Technology and Entrepreneurship (ICETE) 2017” in Accra.
The two-day conference, on the theme: “Promoting Development through Technology, Entrepreneurship and Innovation,” seeks to create an environment that would bring together like-minded individuals and groups to share knowledge in the areas of education, technology and entrepreneurship.
Being the first of what would be an annual event, the ICETE would serve as a platform for further discussions in the areas of education, technology, and entrepreneurship as key components for the study of economic growth.
Minister of Environment, Science, Technology, and Innovation, Professor Kwabena Frimpong-Boateng, said in these times when the world economy was knowledge-based and science and technology-driven, the most important parameter in the production process was the human capital otherwise known as human integrity.
“Countries and cultures that have acquired the requisite human capital and technology rule the world. That is why there are countries in the world that have little or no natural resources but are much richer than those with abundant natural resources,” they said.
“It is for this reason why the poverty gap is a technology gap and not natural resources gap. In actual fact, natural resources have no natural owners. Those who own the resources are those countries that have the human capital and technology to exploit them,” they said.
They pointed out that education had to come in as tool to prepare Ghana to develop its natural talents which some might call ability.
“You may have talent, but without exposure to an environment that will help unearth the talent and the knowledge that must be applied for it to become useful, the talent may not be exposed,” they said.
Prof. Frimpong-Boateng said there were different kinds of knowledge such as “know-what, know-why, know-how, and know-who” which refer to knowledge about facts, scientific knowledge of the principles and laws of nature, skills and capability to do something, and information about who knows what and who knows how to do what.
They said whether a nation would ultimately succeed there were three things involved; ability, motivation, and attitude.
“Ability determines what a person is capable of doing given the right training and exposure. It is a potential force that needs to be developed.
“Having unearthed that ability, motivation determines what the person does with their ability. Motivation may take many forms, including provision of a conducive environment, better wages or salary or simple recognition,” they said.
Prof. Frimpong-Boateng said attitude determined how well a person did what they did add; “a talented person who is well motivated can still be a failure if they have got the wrong attitude towards work,” they said.
Prof. Osei K. Darkwa, the President of GTUC, said the theme of the conference was timely and relevant to today's world saying; “it came at a time when a number of higher educational institutions are exploring ways to transform their delivery options and promote entrepreneurship and innovation.”
“For a developing country like Ghana, it is an equally important conversation to have because all three subjects (technology, entrepreneurship and education) are intrinsically connected to our development as a people and a nation,” they said.
They said institutions of higher learning ought to be challenged to move into science, technology and technical-oriented education because technology could offer real opportunities to improve the quality of life of the people.
On education, Prof. Darkwa said education provided knowledge and knowledge had now become the key to wealth creation and the alleviation of poverty.
“Due to their unique role in society, our educational institutions have become an essential part of the fabric of our civilization and civic life.
“Our universities must work hard to catch up with the new reality of providing an education that frees the imagination and provide not only a degree but the flexibility, insight and foresight that comes from thinking creatively, asking critical questions, forming and testing hypothesis and reasoning quantitatively”, they added.
The conference is being attended by business people, entrepreneurs, academics, researchers, industrialists, politicians and students.
The ICETE hopes to provide a friendly and nurturing environment where participants would share their research experiences with colleagues, interact with accomplished professionals in various fields and create a networking opportunity for long term professional and business relationships.
Getty Image
The past two weeks of college football have not gone great for me. It hasn't been a complete disaster, but another 4-5 week has dropped me below .500 for the season. It's still early in the season so it's not time to panic, but instead we're getting back to basics in Week 6.
Week 5: 4-5
Season: 20-21
This week we're returning to what we know, which is Unders and underdogs in six of the eight plays on this week's board. This week is another strange weekend in a college football season that I feel like every team is on some kind of roller coaster ride (outside of Tuscaloosa) and I'm hoping things settle in a bit on Saturday.
Penn State at Northwestern (+13.5)
This is purely a trend play. The ‘Cats have not looked good this year and I fear Clayton Thorson has returned to being a very mediocre quarterback. However, in their last seven games as a double-digit underdog Northwestern is 7-0 ATS and 5-2 outright. Penn State has only been on the road once this season and damn near lost to Iowa in that game. I'll take the ‘Cats at home, but I have a feeling this will be a sweat.
put together an informational graphic to help those who still have questions: pic.twitter.com/FjYWCcFKbz — Dunkin' Donuts (@dunkindonuts) July 2, 2018
This story might make your eyes glaze over, a famous doughnut chain is set to return to the South Bay on July 6, 2018. Dunkin' Donuts says a shop at 5519 Snell Avenue, near Blossom Hill Road, will open at 6 a.m. Friday.The grand opening celebration with the official ribbon cutting, public officials, charitable donation check presentation, etc. will all be happening on July 14, said Dunkin' Donuts in a statement to ABC7 News.Even though "donuts" is in its name, Dunkin's coffee is what a lot of people crave.Don't be jelly! Dunkin' Donuts has several Bay Area locations including shops in South San Francisco, Half Moon Bay, Walnut Creek, American Canyon and Fremont.
Heights Half Marathon and 5K now registering
HUBER HEIGHTS — The Y at the Heights is hosting the 5th Annual Heights Half Marathon & 5K Fun Run on May 19, 2018
The Half Marathon will begin at 7 a.m. followed by the 5K at 7:30 a.m. You may pick up your race packet on Friday, May 18 from Noon – 7 p.m. at the Y or Saturday, May 19 from 6-6:45 a.m. at the start line near the Aquatic Center at the Heights.
All Half Marathon finishers will receive a medal and dri-fit shirt. 5K participants will receive a medal and t-shirt.
For more information please visit http://www.theheightshalf.com/
Bingo offered at Huber Heights Athletic Foundation
HUBER HEIGHTS — Come on out and play bingo at the Huber Heights Athletic Foundation, a volunteer run charitable Bingo located at 5367 Fishburg Road in Huber Heights. Games start at 1 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday with doors opening at 11 a.m. Ticket sales/paper sales start at 11:30 a.m. at $20 to play up to 36 faces and $5 buys three faces for the ‘Break the Bank/Callers Choice' game for players 18 and older. No one under 18 is permitted during Bingo play/ticket sales. There are guaranteed payouts for the day from the bingo games of $4,600 and there are many Instant tickets and jackpots in addition to that to be won. All proceeds remain in Huber Heights and go to support youth in their school and athletic functions/pursuits within Huber Heights. No Bingo on holidays or if weather makes driving hazardous.
Since days of yore, Google has worked with other OEMs to build its phones. The first set of Pixels was manufactured by HTC; the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL, HTC and LG, respectively — not to mention the entire Nexus line. That's seemingly set to change with this year's pair, though: Google could be partnering with iPhone-building Taiwanese firm Foxconn to manufacture the Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL.
The phones are being designed in-house at Google with the help of the HTC talent it acquired earlier this year. Bloomberg's sources say the larger of the new devices will have dual front-facing cameras, while both will have a single shooter around back like the current Pixel phones — and, yes, the larger of the two will have a big honkin' notch. The phones will both run on the Snapdragon 845 processor, and one will have "new display hardware," although that could be in reference to that asupervisorstioned notch.
Google really is going it alone: there are two Google Pixel 3 devices in the works, both based on SDM845. One has "new display hardware", both are built by Foxconn - not HTC, LG or whomever. Launch timeframe is Aug/Sep 2018. https://t.co/CelnTfO5IB — Roland Quandt (@rquandt) May 30, 2018
The Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL should launch late this summer, in August or September. They're to go on sale in October, and — as usual — Verizon will be the exclusive carrier partner (although you'll most certainly also be able to buy the phones direct from Google).
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Correction appended
Environmental groups have targeted disposable drinking straws — that are not recyclable or compostable — for extinction. The ultimate goal: Prevent non-degradable plastic straws from polluting our beaches, waterways and oceans.
It's estimated that by the year 2050, there will be more plastic in the oceans than fish. It's estimated that by the year 2050, there will be more plastic in the oceans than fish.
With so many other pollution problems, why straws?
“Straws are an easy thing for everybody to get started on when approaching the enormous issue of plastic pollution,” said Diana Lofflin, founder of StrawFree.org, an environmental group based in southern California.
Lofflin said they realized something had to be done after seeing the video of a Costa Rican team removing a straw from a turtle's nose.
“We're seeing more plastic in our waterways and one of the most common items we find is straws,” they said. “In fact, it's one of the top 10 items that are picked up at beach cleanups. It's estimated that by the year 2050, there will be more plastic in the oceans than fish.”
A Growing Movement
Lawmakers in Los Angeles, Davis, Malibu and San Luis Obispo, Calif.; Miami Beach and Fort Myers Beach, Fla.; and Seattle, have passed ordinances that limit or prohibit restaurants from using plastic straws.
A ban on plastic straws for commercial use took effect in Fort Myers Beach in February. The town's environmental specialists, who patrol the beaches, report seeing fewer straws in the sand, and most of the ones they do find are biodegradable, Town Manager Roger Hernstadt told NBC News BETTER.
The ordinance does create penalties: $100 for a first offense, $500 for three or more citations within a year, but Hernstadt hopes education and warnings will be all that's needed.
“I think all the folks here understand that an attractive beach is important for them being able to draw customers, and this effort is part of making it desirable for people to come here,” they said.
The 2016 season officially ended for the Eagles at 4:05 p.m. on Sunday when they defeated the Dallas Cowboys. Behind the scenes, work had already commenced to build upon the foundation that the Eagles put together.
There are many difficult decisions ahead for the Eagles when it comes to improving a roster that went 7-9, and some of them will involve players who are scheduled to become free agents on March 9. The Eagles have nine total free agents, six of whom are slated to be unrestricted.
“I've been around here for four years. I've got a great relationship with these guys,” said defensive tackle Bennie Logan , one of the potential unrestricted free agents. “I enjoy playing next to Fletcher (Cox), Brandon Graham , Connor Barwin , just the relationship that we have. Trying to start over and doing something new is something that I'm not looking forward to because I enjoy being here, the city and everything, so that's where I see myself at.”
Logan was a third-round pick of the Eagles in 2013 out of LSU. He's started 51 of the 59 career games that he's played in, including 13 in 2016. They finished with a career-high 2.5 sacks despite missing three games with a groin injury.
This will be Logan's first foray into free agency, but cornerback Nolan Carroll and offensive lineman Stefen Wisniewski have some experience with how to handle the uncertainty.
Carroll signed with the Eagles as a free agent in 2014 and returned on a one-year deal this past offseason. Last year, Carroll stayed in to Philadelphia rehab the ankle injury that sidelined them for the final five games of the season.
“I'm going to go home, just enjoy my time off because I didn't have it last year,” Carroll said. “We'll see what happens.”
Wisniewski is entering free agency for the third straight offseason. They finished out their rookie contract with Oakland in 2014 and spent 2015 with Jacksonville before signing with the Eagles. They started six games at left guard this season.
“It definitely kind of tests your resolve, can drive you crazy if you don't have the right mindset,” Wisniewski said. “I'm a man of faith. I'll be trusting God and praying a lot. I know He's got a plan for me and I'm trying to find it.
“I liked it here and I think they like me, but as far as whether I'll be back or not it's kind of too early to tell. We'll see. I think there's definitely mutual interest, but we'll see what happens.”
Tight end Trey Burton is one of three Eagles who are not an unrestricted free agent. Burton and running back Kenjon Barner are restricted free agents, which means that the Eagles can tender an offer and match any deal from another team. Safety Jaylen Watkins in an exclusive rights free agent. If the Eagles make an offer to Watkins, they will not be able to sign elsewhere.
Burton made the team as a rookie free agent in 2014 and led the Eagles with 19 special teams tackles in 2015. This past season, Burton carved out a bigger role on offense with 37 catches for 327 yards and their first receiving touchdown.
“It's definitely tough because I don't know if I'm going to be here after this year,” Burton said. “I love all the guys on the team. I feel like we have a lot of chemistry, especially with the guys in my group.
“I would love to be here, for sure. But you never know.”
The Eagles cleaned out their lockers on Monday to bid farewell to the 2016 season. Planning for 2017, and weighing some difficult roster decisions, is already underway.
Fatal Car Accident In Delta State Kills Driver Instantly – Graphic Photos
A ghastly car accident happened on Sunday evening killing the driver of the vehicle instantly. The unfortunate incident involving a private car occurred between Urhonigbe and Obiaruku in Ukwuani local government area of Delta state as the driver was killed instantly. The pictures were shared online in order to locate the family of the deceased. If you have any info or know the car in question with the registration number as below, please contact the nearest police station.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Exlink Lodge - Nigeria Entertainment, Politics & Celebrity News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Thomson Reuters to Power Blockchain Contracts with Experimental Service
Thomson Reuters bets on new revenue for its data from firms involved in blockchain consortia efforts, R3 and the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Judge M. Margaret McKeown of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals will deliver a public lecture at the University of Wyoming during a visit to the campus March 26-27th.
They will speak at 4:00 p.m. Monday, March 26th, at the Marian H. Rochelle Gateway Center. Them topic is “Do Trees Still Have Standing? The Environmental Legacy of Justice William O. Douglas and the Wyoming Muries.”
McKeown was appointed to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals by President Clinton and confirmed by the U.S. Senate in 1998. Previously, they were the first woman partner in the Seattle and Washington, D.C., offices of the law firm Perkins Coie. They were a White House fellow from 1980 until 1981, serving as special assistant to the Secretary of the Interior and as special assistant at the White House.
Named one of the “50 Most Influential Women Lawyers in the United States” by the National Law Journal, McKeown earned their law degree from Georgetown University Law Center. They were awarded an honorary doctorate by Georgetown University in 2005.
A native of Casper, they received their Bachelor of Arts degree from UW in 1972.
McKeown chairs the American Bar Association Rule of Law Initiative and the Georgetown Law Board of Visitors. They recently are appointed by the chief justice to the national Workplace Conduct Working Group, which addresses sexual harassment in the federal courts, and they chair the 9th Circuit Workplace Conduct Committee.
They have served as chair of the Judicial Conference of the United States Code of Conduct Committee (the federal ethics committee) and as the president of the Federal Judges Association, among other affiliations. They also are an adjunct professor at University of San Diego Law School and Northwestern University School of Law.
McKeown has served on the national boards of Volunteers of America and the Girl Scouts, which gave them its “Cool Women” award. They also serve on the Murie Advisory Board for the Teton Science Center.
McKeown's campus visit has been made possible through funding from the George A. Rentschler Lecture fund at UW's American Heritage Center. The George A. Rentschler Lecturer is a nationally known expert in their or their field who comes to UW to conduct research and give a public presentation on a topic relevant to Wyoming and the West.
The American Heritage Center is UW's repository of manuscripts, rare books and the university archives. Its collections focus on Wyoming and the Rocky Mountain West — including politics, settlement and Western trails — and a select handful of national topics. Those include environment and conservation, the mining and petroleum industries, air and rail transportation, popular entertainment — particularly radio, television, film and popular music — journalism and U.S. military history.
13 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps and live wallpapers from the last two weeks including Google Podcasts, Adobe Spark Post, and IGTV (6/10/18 - 6/23/18)
According to local Tuscan folklore, convent nuns made Eucharistic hosts for local churches during the Renaissance period using an engraved wafer iron. During festival times, they would add sugar and anise seeds for a unique sweet treat called “Cialde”. An exact wafer iron replica is now available to pastry chefs, home bakers, and food enthusiasts worldwide.
Born in the Medieval village of Pistoia, Italy, this new Cialde Wafer Iron replica is fully-functional and faithfully replicated by American artisans in Southern California.
“We start by sand casting molten aluminum in a local foundry, then sandblast and polish the two round plates,” said Nic Romano, founder of the Italian Cialde Wafer Iron. “We replicate the original 23-step handcrafted process which produces a very thin cracker about the size of a half dollar, matching the original Old World anise version”.
Optional savory recipes (e.g. Rosemary, Sea Salt, and Parmesan Cheese) are included on the website and are designed for snack, cheese, and charcuterie trays.
According to Romano, “We researched Italian historical archives for seven classic Italian designs which are now engraved on the new wafer iron. They include the keys of heaven, an olive branch, a sunflower, a wax seal, the letter V, a flower vase, and a fluer-de-lis, the symbol for the city of Florence”.
Personal customization of the iron with a family surname or a restaurant logo is also available, allowing professional and family chefs to serve their own branded wafer or cracker.
Joe Mantegna says, “One of the main ingredients that keeps families together is love of our Old World family recipes like these anise-flavored Cialde wafers. Growing up in Chicago, my mother made their own version of Cialde every holiday. Our passion for our family ancestry runs pretty deep so our OHV team created some very unique classic family heirlooms including our Cialde Wafer Iron. I'm excited about passing on our family traditions to our future generations. Buon appetito!”
Additionally, Romano is working on a Cialde Wafer Iron World Tour where two irons will depart southern California in 2017 with one traveling across America and the other to Japan, China, and other parts of Asia. The two will circumnavigate the globe, meeting up in Pistola, Italy in 2018. This year-long trek will allow chefs worldwide along the way to share their recipes and personal utilization of the Cialde wafer iron based on their indigenous ingredients and cultural culinary history.
There will be daily photo, recipe, and chef updates posted to the website by an accompanying chef/handler.
For more information, or to view the recipes that accompany the iron piece, visit: https://cialdewafer.com.
About Our Home Village
Our Home Village is the maker of the Italian Cialde Wafer Iron.
HERMITAGE, Pa. (WYTV) – Jump-started by a trick-play, Hickory defeated Sharpsville 30-14 on Friday.
The Hornets executed the flea flicker play, with Hayden Gallagher hitting Darren Mitchell for a 68-yard TD pass and 7-0 lead.
Bobby Besser scored on a 1-yard TD run for Sharpsville to tie the game.
Hickory regained the lead 10-7 in the second quarter on Jacob Scarton's 34-yard field goal.
With Hickory leading 16-7, Besser's 4-yard TD run cut it to 16-14.
But Nate Marchand answered with a 72-yard kickoff return TD to make it 23-14.
Read more: Week seven high school football stories
Sharpsville football schedule | Hickory football schedule
Important high school football links:
Scores | Standings | Schedules | Big 22
On May 8, two men parked their car near the change machine of a car wash at a Dania Beach Mobil gas station. While one man acted as a lookout, the second used a drill to make a hole in the machine. They then stole 3,396 ($849) in quarters.
A Colorado mom says police officers shut down their boys' lemonade stand over a permitting issue. ABC 7
Darrelle Revis: Sheldon Richardson, Brandon Marshall fight left ‘dark cloud' over Jets
The New York Jets may have been the most disappointing team in the NFL this season, and a lack of locker room cohesiveness had a lot to do with their shortcomings. According to Darrelle Revis, a verbal confrontation between two fellow veterans helped contribute to the downfall.
After the Jets' 30-10 win over the Buffalo Bills in their season finale, Revis indicated that the locker room altercation between Sheldon Richardson and Brandon Marshall in Week 3 had a lasting effect.
“During that game, we aren't on the same page as players. It happened on the sideline and it trickled into the locker room after the game,” Revis said, via Daniel Popper of the New York Daily News. “It just left a dark cloud over our head.
“Adversity always strikes for a team. And we tried to nip it in the bud. We actually did move forward and we thought we were OK because we thought we had the guys that were mature enough to handle the situation and move forward. But eventually, it unraveled for us.”
Though their opinion is almost certainly biased, Richardson disagreed that their spat with Marshall contributed to the locker room unraveling.
“I wouldn't say a dark cloud. A cat's true colors came out,” they said of Marshall. “That's pretty much that.”
Richardson also described the chemistry among the Jets as “pretty high,” and said the minor disagreements among teammates behind closed doors are only magnified by losing.
One thing we can say for certain is that Richardson and Marshall never kissed and made up after their Week 3 argument. Richardson made that clear when they unloaded on Marshall after New York's blowout loss to the Patriots on Christmas Eve.
The Jets announced that they are bringing back head coach Todd Bowles in 2017, but that doesn't mean there won't be significant changes. Guys like Revis, Marshall and Richardson could all end up being moved, as the team is in need of a culture change and roster shakeup.
RICHMOND, Va. — President Donald Trump is weighing in on the Virginia's governor's race.
Trump attacked Democrat Ralph Northam on immigration issues in a tweet late Thursday, accusing Northam of “fighting” on behalf of violent MS-13 gang members. Trump urged Virginians to vote for Republican Ed Gillespie.
Gillespie — a consummate Washington insider — has sought to keep Trump at arm's length throughout the campaign while also trying to rally Trump supporters with hard-edged attacks on Northam over immigration.
During a conference call with reporters Friday, Gillespie repeatedly sidestepped questions about whether they welcomed Trump's endorsement.
“The fact is, I guess I'm a little surprised that it's news that the Republican president is in support of the Republican nominee for governor,” Gillespie said.
When asked why their campaign had not retweeted the president's endorsement, Gillespie said Trump has about 40 million followers on Twitter. “I think that obviously that got out there without the need for a retweet,” they said.
Northam responded on Twitter, saying he's been expecting Trump's attack and asked supporters for donations.
Virginia is just one of two states electing governors this year, a swing state contest viewed as a possible referendum on Trump's first year in office.
MS-13 has become a target of Trump in seeking support for a broader immigration crackdown.
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has announced a partnership with India's leading cab aggregator Ola to provide door to door cab facility to the Indian Railways passengers. Through this service, the commuters can even book cab 7 days before their date of travel. As per the new change guidelines, a passenger can transfer the confirmed ticket to another family member such as father, mother, sibling, children or spouse.
In a positive step for railway passengers, subsidiary of Indian Railways, Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has announced a partnership with India's leading cab aggregator Ola to provide door to door cab facility to the Indian Railways passengers. The tie up between IRCTC and Ola will allow Indian Railways passengers to book an can through IRCTC Rail connect application and official website. Through this service, the commuters can even book cab 7 days before their date of travel. To help passengers, Railways has also decided to allow passenhers to book the cab when they arrive at the railway station. The Ola cab facility will provide all kind of services to railway passengers such as Micro, Mini, Prime, Sedan, Prime Play, Auto and Share.
The Railway passengers can also book the cab through IRCTC outlets available at railway stations across the country or Ola's self serving kiosks. The railway passengers firstly need to open the IRCTC Rail Connect application and website through their registered login id and password. Now you need to click on the service section, select the Book a cab option. The commuters should make sure that they have the latest and updated version of the application, if they want to book the cab through mobile. Finally, select the preferred cab option. IRCTC in a statement said the new facility will allow their passengers to provide last mile connectivity. This is not the first time that Railways has initiated such kind of initiative. Recently, Indian Railways has announced that now passengers who have reserved their tickets can now transfer their confirmed ticket to another person.
ALSO READ: K Chandrashekhar Rao meets Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata, discuss ‘federal front' for 2019
As per the new change guidelines, a passenger can transfer the confirmed ticket to another family member such as father, mother, sibling, children or spouse. But, to make these changes successfully a passenger would need to submit a written request for 24 hours of scheduled travel. Also, In a bid to promote digital and cashless transactions, Central government's Ministry of Railways has decided that from now no Merchant Discount Rate (MDR) will be charged if passengers book rail tickets through debit cards for a transaction up to 1 lakh. The passengers can avail this discount at both ticket counters and Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) website. The decision by Ministry of Railways will make railway tickets cheaper for passengers.
ALSO READ: Punjab government decides to impose permanent ban on hookah bars
For all the latest Business News, download NewsX App
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – A man from Youngstown will spend the next three years in prison for causing a fatal crash almost two years ago.
Eric Wallace was in court Monday afternoon for sentencing.
They pleaded guilty in connection with the traffic death of Jerome Atkins in early 2016.
At the time, investigators said Wallace was driving at more than 80 miles per hour. Investigators said they were also under the influence of alcohol and cocaine when their car collided with Atkins' vehicle.
In addition to the prison time, Mahoning County Judge John Durkin permanently revoked Wallace's driving privileges.
Share
If you're in the market for Apple gear, Best Buy has a one-day sale today, April 24, that offers some deep discounts on the MacBook Pro and last year's iPad. Today's deal is good for the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, though unfortunately the 15-inch model isn't included in Best Buy's sale.
With the deal, the Core i5 model with 8GB RAM and 128GB of solid-state storage drops to just $1,049 for both the Space Gray and the Silver colorways. This is down from the listed price of $1,300. If you tack on student pricing, you'll end up paying just under $1,000 today, according to Macworld.
If 128GB is not enough storage for you, a similar configuration with twice the storage comes out to just $1,235 with the deal applied, for both Space Gray and Silver models.
For more performance, you can upgrade to the 13-inch Space Gray MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, an Intel Core i7 processor, 16GB RAM, and 512GB of solid-state storage for just $2,000, a $200 saving from that model's listed price of $2,200.
If you'd like more information on the MacBook Pro, be sure to read our review of the laptop. In our evaluation, we loved the display, the loudspeakers, and the responsive touchpad, but keyboard travel was very shallow with Apple's second-generation butterfly key mechanism. If you're not entirely stuck on Apple's ecosystem, we also have some recommendations for the top thin and light notebooks you can buy today.
In addition to discounting the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar models, Best Buy is also offering an $80 discount on last year's iPad model. The Silver 32GB iPad with Wi-Fi from 2017 is now $249. In addition to silver, the sale also applies to the Space Gray and Gold models.
You can also upgrade to the Silver 128GB iPad for just $329 if you need more storage. Like the 32GB sale, the 128GB model is also available in Space Gray and Gold.
The biggest difference between last year's iPad and this year's model — aside from an upgraded processor — is that the 2018 iPad comes with support for Apple Pencil. The accessory may be beneficial to students looking to illustrate, take handwritten notes, or use the iPad for art.
1:25 Steve Clifford breaks down Hornets' loss to Clippers Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
The tragic tale of a princess whose death sparked the succession crisis that gave birth to one of Britain's longest-serving monarchs
Poor Charlotte. My dear Charlotte. Cousin Charlotte. It's a name we've heard time and time again throughout the course of ITV's Victoria, but who is this mysterious young woman and what terrible tragedy befell her?
Advertisement
Who was Princess Charlotte?
Princess Charlotte Augusta of Wales was the only child of King George IV and Caroline of Brunswick. The Princess was very popular among the people and was second in line to throne, destined to become Queen of the United Kingdom once their grandfather (George III) and father died.
How did they end up married to Albert's uncle, King Leopold?
Charlotte's father was pretty determined to marry them off to The Netherlands' Prince William of Orange (who would later reign in The Netherlands as William II) but the Princess wasn't so keen.
Firstly, they didn't want to leave the United Kingdom, and was determined their new husband (the soon-to-be King of their own territory) would have to accept that.
Diplomats weren't exactly eager to unite the two thrones either, so they reached an agreement whereby the couple's first son would inherit the throne of the United Kingdom, while a second would inherit the throne of The Netherlands. And if they only had one son, the Netherlands would pass to the German branch of the House of Orange.
And finally, Charlotte didn't want to have to give up their mother, Caroline, who had long been estranged from their father all their life. The couple is said to have separated a matter of weeks after their wedding, though Caroline had access to their daughter.
The problem was, William of Orange didn't agree with their future wife on the matter. They allegedly aren't so keen on welcoming Caroline, so Charlotte broke off the marriage contract (which they had already signed) and fled to their mother.
Yes, that's all well and good, but how did they end up with Leopold?
Well, while all of this was going on Charlotte met a young Lieutenant-General in the Russian cavalry whose name was Prince Leopold of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.
George IV was quite impressed with young Leopold's disposition (he wrote a letter apologizing for spending too much time with the princess) but didn't see the impoverished young prince as a suitable match for their daughter.
So determined was they to see Charlotte married to William of Orange that they sent them into isolation at various residences. The pair eventually reconciled, though, and with the extended Royal Family also opposed to the union, George eventually relented.
Charlotte had been rather taken with a mysterious Prussian prince, but when they discovered he'd taken a wife they knew whom the only person they might marry would be.
By February 1816 Charlotte had convinced their father that Leopold was the man for them and George IV called them back from the continent (where he'd been fighting Napoleon's forces) to pay a visit to Brighton.
On the 14th of March an announcement was made in the House of Commons and by May the pair were married, with Leopold receiving an allowance of £50,000 per year.
The couple were said to be blissfully happy but sadly their marriage was to be a rather short one.
How did Princess Charlotte die?
The Princess suffered a miscarriage during the summer of 1816 but by April 1817, not long after their 21st birthday, Albert informed the Prince Regent that they were pregnant once again.
The British public became rather invested in their pregnancy, with betting shops taking wagers on the sex of the child. By August 1817 Charlotte – who had spent much of the pregnancy sitting for a portrait and therefore gained a lot of weight – was put on a strict diet by their medical team, much to the horror of Leopold's personal physician, Christian Stockmar.
Accoucheur (male midwife) Sir Richard Croft oversaw much of Charlotte's day-to-day care, and believed the diet would reduce the size of their baby.
Charlotte's due date was believed to be on or around October 19th 1817, but when they still hadn't gone into labour by November 2nd, they headed out with Leopold as usual.
Them contractions began on the evening of Monday November 3rd and Croft advised the Princess to exercise but did not allow them to eat. Two days later it was clear that Charlotte was having considerable trouble delivering the child and their personal physician, Matthew Baillie, sent for an obstetrician, John Sims.
Croft would not allow Sims to see the Princess, though, and Charlotte finally gave birth to a large stillborn baby boy on November 5th.
The Princess appeared to be doing well despite the circumstances, but shortly after midnight they took a turn for the worse. Charlotte was vomiting, bleeding and felt cold to the couch. They also had difficulty breathing.
Croft called in Stockmar, who attempted to rouse Prince Leopold, before Charlotte died in their bed.
How did the country react to the news of Princess Charlotte's death?
The Princess's tragic demise was greatly mourned by the British public. Even the poor and homeless wore black armbands, lamenting the loss of a future monarch who was seen as a beacon of hope.
What about Leopold?
Leopold was said to be inconsolable after the deaths of their wife and child. Indeed, they did not remarry until 1832, at which point they had become King of the Belgians and turned down the Greek throne.
And what about the rest of the Royal Family?
Well, Charlotte's death, and the resulting succession crisis, inspired their uncles to find wives and father legitimate children who might one day inherit the throne.
18 months after Charlotte's death, their uncle Edward, Duke of Kent, became father to a baby girl called Alexandrina Victoria, who would go on to reign for the majority of the century.
What happened to Sir Richard Croft?
Croft was absolved of all wrong-doing in Charlotte's death following several investigations, but it was said that they never recovered from the incident.
Advertisement
Three months after the Princess and their son died, Croft shot themselves and died in what became known as the “triple obstetric tragedy”.
A former Atlantic City councilman once charged in a sex blackmail case that involved a secretly recorded video, a Baptist minister and a hooker has been sentenced to prison over another recording made by a co-owner of a Boardwalk rolling chair company.
John Schultz was sentenced Monday to six months in prison followed by six months of house arrest for conspiring to defraud the Internal Revenue Service of nearly $120,000 over a three-year period.
The 74-year-old Schultz operated the rolling chair business with two others. The secret recording was made by a co-owner who was cooperating with the government and revealed that the company kept two sets of books to hide money from the IRS.
In federal court in Camden, Schultz admitted wrongdoing, saying, “It's my own fault.”
Passengers and crew aboard a Chicago-bound Amtrak train spent the night stopped in northern New Mexico hill country after the lead engine struck a boulder and partially derailed.
No serious injuries were reported but the two engineers in the lead engine were taken to a hospital for evaluation, Amtrak spokesperson Marc Magliari said Friday from Chicago.
The incident occurred Thursday evening on Burlington Northern Santa Fe tracks in a rural area near Watrous (WAH'-trohse) about 105 miles (169 kilometres) northeast of Albuquerque.
Magliari said the nine-car train carrying 132 passengers and 14 crew members resumed its journey from Los Angeles to Chicago Friday morning after the boulder was removed and the tracks repaired.
The train's second engine and all the cars remained on the tracks and the train still had power, heating and toilet service while it remained at the derailment site, the Amtrak spokesperson said.
The train left Los Angeles Wednesday night and was scheduled to arrive in Chicago Friday afternoon.
“They will be significantly delayed in arriving in Chicago,” Magliari said.
Passengers who missed connections to other trains would be provided housing at Amtrak's expense they said.
Joe Sloan, a BNSF spokesperson, said the boulder was reportedly 5 feet (1.5 metres) in diameter and it apparently rolled down or dropped off a nearby ridge, possibly due to rain or other weather conditions.
After the train resumed its journey and reach Raton, New Mexico, BNSF provided a freight engine to help the train get over Raton Pass, the highest point on the 2,266-mile (3647-kilometre) Southwest Chief route, Magliari said.
Another correctional officer was assaulted Monday, and this time, it was at the Baylor Women's Facility. Medical assistance was called just after 6 a.m. yesterday because an inmate with a violent behavior history was hitting their head against a wall. When backup was called to control the inmate, the inmate tried to physically get past the officers and out of their cell. Officers had to use pepper spray to control them They were sprayed two more times as they grabbed at officers and wouldn't let go. Officers were finally able to get them back in their cell without sustaining any injuries. This is the second assault in less than one week.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – If Youngstown Schools CEO Krish Mohip leaves to take another job, their replacement will be up to the district's Academic Distress Commission.
“Those five people will pick the next CEO so those roles are vitally important because, in the bill, it says that CEO serves at the pleasure of those five,” said Senator Joe Schiavoni.
Currently, there are three vacancies on that body following the recent resignations of two members chosen by the state Department of Education and another picked by Youngstown's former mayor.
“Probably within the next week or so, I'll make my appointment and my announcement,” said Youngstown Mayor Tito Brown.
Brown said they have been talking with the state's superintendent of schools and has been considering potential appointments.
In the last couple of weeks, Mohip has interviewed for jobs in Fargo, North Dakota and Boulder, Colorado — even though they still have more than a year left on their contract in Youngstown. It puts even more pressure on those joining the Academic Distress Commission.
“They will have a voice in that selection,” Brown said. “I will have a consistent conversation with them and let them know what I'm looking for as mayor of the city of Youngstown.”
Schiavoni said Mohip has lived up to promises they made early on — to maintain current teacher contracts and to leave the district intact and not convert it into a charter school.
They warn that there are no guarantees if the makeup of the Distress Commission changes.
“If those five like what he's doing, good. If they don't, they'll pull him, but the voters don't get to decide. The school board doesn't get to decide,” Schiavoni said.
At this point, there is no word on when the state will fill its vacancies on the commission.
A day after New Year and after revelers departed from beaches and public places, Goa's tourism industry is in contemplative mode. They are mulling over demonetization taking off the shine from a busy season and whether the pinch of it will be felt in 2017 too.While some stakeholders are hopeful for a successful season in the months ahead there are others who are worried over the slow year-end collections. They are disturbed over less than 100 per cent occupancy on New Year's Eve and the 25 per cent drop in domestic tourist arrivals.December 31 is when hotels are full and beach belt residencies, home stays, guest houses, run to 100 per cent occupancy. But this year beach hotels had rooms to let while average occupancy in city hotels is estimated at 80 per cent.
Demonetization chaos resulted in holidays being cancelled and fewer foreigners visiting the state. It came at a time just when the season just started. The move is not expected to affect the charter segment but it is definitely hit the international backpackers and the free independent traveler (FIT) from abroad. It is also expected to adversely affect the corporate segment of domestic tourism that is the crème of earnings to the hotel industry.Ground level check reveals that questions need to be raised about the poor preparedness for demonetization. Tourism is currently the most important industry in the state in terms of its contribution to the government revenues. Yet little assistance was provided by tourism department officials to the sightseers caught in the demonetization cross fire.
Domestic tourists cut short their visit and headed home. But foreign tourists were totally stranded due to lack of Indian currency. They stood in queues to exchange Indian currency with little knowledge of Indian banking rules and regulations. Several of them suffered harrowing holiday.
Current advisory from international tour operators is to avoid visiting India until the demonetization situation eases. And so, the local hotel and hospitality industry is prepared for lower foreign arrivals in remaining months of peak (October- April) season. They are gearing to focus on domestic tourists who arrive 365 days and who account for 89 per cent of visitors to the state. But even here the road is not smooth because domestic sightseers need host of amenities all of which is totally lacking in the state.
According to government statistics released by the centre, foreign tourists arrivals witnessed a jump in November 2016, the month of demonetization, as tourists arriving by e-visas surged 13 per cent over the previous month. Further Goa was a major beneficiary of this jump as it ranked among the top ten airports in e-tourist visa arrivals. The Dabolim airport got 14 per cent of the tourists arriving on e-visas and was the third highest in ranking among airports in the country.Statistics for e-visa tourist arrivals for the the month of December 2016 are not yet released and it is wait- and- watch for the full impact of demonetization on the tourism industry.Goa is promoted as top holiday destination and stakeholders in the industry are hopeful of a turnaround in the coming months of 2017. They are depending on Goa's brand equity as a popular tourist destination in India. The brand equity, it must be mentioned, continues to remain strong despite problems of lack of facilities, cleanliness and inadequate infrastructure.
“Middle and lower segment of foreign tourists have been hit badly”
While hotels and restaurants are feeling the pinch of demonetization in occupancy and lower room rates, the government appears to be unperturbed. It recently ruled out worries over less tourist arrivals in 2016-17 season and expressed confidence that tourism is heading towards prosperity. Here Savio Messais, president, Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG) sheds light on the actual scenario.  They are of the view that tourism business is definitely affected but is positive about future prospects.
Q: The government says note ban is not affected tourism in Goa, but what is TTAG opinion?
Business has definitely been affected, have we all not been affected despite living in the comforts of our house? But let's be optimistic and hope we are able to achieve the long term goals expected due to demonetization.
Q: What was TTAG's estimate of the 2016-17 season in terms of arrivals and how do things look now?
We were expecting a better inflow of tourists this year. Arrivals consist of domestic and charter tourists. Domestic inflow has been on the rise every year. Charter arrivals depend on many factors. This year, as on mid December the charter arrivals have touched 90,000 as compared to around 1,30,000 arrivals last year during the entire season. So it looks very encouraging this year. The million dollar question is “Will we reach the magic figure of arrivals in 2013-14 which stood at 2,61,452 ?
Q: Is demonetization the prime reason for the tourism setback? If not what other reasons could there be?
Demonetization is not the greatest evil compared to the taxi mafia and the garbage menace which we are facing, Of course the long delay in issuing private shack licenses to the star hotels has definitely irritated the tourists who love to laze around and not just remain confined to indoor restaurants. Goa is a huge beach wedding destination and something has to be done to amend the CRZ rules to ensure weddings can take place without any hindrances. If weddings can't be held on beaches then Goa will lose out to hotels in the cities as they have much better banquet halls as compared to Goa hotels.
Q: According to you, which segment of foreign tourism is the worst hit in the current crisis?
The middle and lower segment of foreign tourists have been hit badly. It seems strange but the big hotels did much better business especially in food and beverage sale due to the fact that they had credit card facilities.
Q: Do you think the worst impact of demonetization (felt in November-December 2016) is over and the next three months of the peak season look good?
Yes the worst is over as now currency is more visible. One only hopes that the assembly elections are not going to be a dampener.
Q: What are your expectations in 2017 for Goa's tourism industry?
We can expect a better season provided the new government is proactive towards tourism and the tourism master plan and policy sees the light of the day and the Goa Tourism Board is constituted on the lines of tested and successful countries.
Q: Coming back to the demonetization impact, did the government lack an emergency plan?
The least the government could have done was to call a meeting of the trade to understand the problems and try and sort it out with the center as we have two central ministers representing the state, which unfortunately did not happen.
Q: What are the steps that could have been taken to alleviate the distress of tourists caught in demonetization development?
Being a central subject, the Goa government couldn't have done much and hence I cannot blame the state government.
Q: The TTAG too did not make any attempt to pressurize government to tackle demonetization difficulties especially for foreign travelers, why?
As I mentioned, demonetization is not a state subject and hence TTAG and the state government had no role to play
Q: Since demonetization impact will continue to be felt for some more time what measures do TTAG plan to attract tourists?
I do not think demonetization will have much of an impact in months to come, the tourism department would have to convince the trade at the various travel marts around the world that things are back to normal while we at TTAG will continue to assist our members in their mission to attract tourists to Goa. [NT]
Over time their migraines worsened.
"I was throwing up. All I was doing was lying down. I couldn't go to sleep. I couldn't do anything," said Manu.
Jackie Teave with their son Manu, 9, smiling happily after Botox treatment helped to alleviate Manu's debilitating headaches. Jackie Teave
“How the heck can such a tiny person get migraines?” asked Jackie Teave, Manu's mother. "Watching your child throwing up and in so much pain all the time is devastating.”
Eventually the Westminster, California native, now in fourth grade, was hospitalized for the condition.
Related: New Drugs May Stop Migraines Before They Start
Migraine symptoms often begin with throbbing head pain on one side of the head, but can affect both sides in children. Nausea, vomiting, dizziness, blurred vision, sensitivity to light and sound, and changes in temperament and personality can also occur.
About 20 percent of migraine sufferers, including children, also experience pre-headache symptoms, or auras, that often start an hour or so before a headache. Doctors are unsure why.
How long an episode lasts varies from individual to individual but, unlike adult migraines, which can carry on for up to four days, a child's migraine generally varies between one hour and one day.
"It felt like somebody was punching me inside my head." "It felt like somebody was punching me inside my head."
Children who get regular migraines don't have many options beyond over-the-counter painkillers and some anti-seizure medications, the latter of which can be extremely hazardous. Children improve more readily with sleep so the best treatment is a nap in a quiet, dark room, but many simply suffer through the pain.
"These children are not going to school, they're not functioning, and they're falling behind," said Dr. Shalini Shah, chief of pain medicine and director of pain services at UC Irvine Health. “So I decided to try Botox — my first patient did remarkably well so I started doing it more and more.”
Related: Botox Works As Well As Nerve Stimulator for Incontinence – Study
Botox, the brand name for botulinum toxin, is most popular for smoothing wrinkles, but is also FDA approved to treat a wide variety of conditions, including excessive sweating, overactive bladder, and migraine headaches in adults. In a new small pilot study, University of California, Irvine researchers led by Shah, found that Botox could ease migraines for kids and teens.
"Watching your child throwing up and in so much pain all the time is devastating.” "Watching your child throwing up and in so much pain all the time is devastating.”
Kids and teens receiving Botox injections every 12 weeks over a five-year period had improvements in their frequency, duration and intensity of migraines. The participants in the study were between the ages of 8 and 17 with chronic migraines — defined as 15 migraines per month or having experienced migraines eight to 30 days a month.
After the treatment period, the kids reported that their symptoms were not as painful, as well as a decrease in symptoms, from two to 10 days a month, and reduced length of episodes from 7-24 hours to 15-30 minutes. In order for the treatment to be effective, the children needed 31 injections in different spots along the head and neck.
The study was presented recently at the Anesthesiology 2017 annual meeting.
When Botox is used for anti-aging, it can cost $400 or more. When used for medical reasons, it is often covered by insurance.
Manu tried Botox last year. They now get injections every 10 weeks.
"I saw a night and day difference," said Teave. "He's back in school. He's playing sports. And they are playing with their brother."
Shah encourages rigorous testing to ensure the safety and effectiveness of Botox, in hopes that this will be a mainstay treatment for pediatric migraine headaches in the near future.
“Our goal is to go to the FDA and change labeling status,” says Shah. “The results are remarkable. Hopefully we'll soon be able to offer it as a validated treatment.”
The USGA will shift away from its strict two mid-amateur minimum at future Walker Cups, but the outlook isn't as dire as it might seem for those 25 and older.
Instead of guaranteeing two spots on the 10-man roster to mid-amateurs, the USGA has instead committed to at least one mid-am on the squad, with the possibility, perhaps even the likelihood, of even more if they play their way onto the team.
A headline in Monday's Global Golf Post said that the USGA was “back[ing] off” its mid-amateur commitment. That prompted passionate responses on social media from 2015 Walker Cupper Scott Harvey, who tweeted that it was “very, very sad” for mid-ams, and fellow mid-am Patrick Christovich, who said that the “USGA is probably a big fan of the One-and-done college basketball rule too…Support the ‘Real Amateurs' and the game will grow.”
The USGA announced before the 2013 matches that at least two mid-amateurs would be on the 10-man roster moving forward, a controversial move designed to promote the tradition of the event.
It was a non-issue in 2013, as the Americans won in a rout and mid-am Nathan Smith earned the clinching point. But neither the mid-ams nor the college kids played well in a shocking blowout loss two years ago at Royal Lytham, which put the mid-am rule back under the microscope.
The U.S. Walker Cup team already faces plenty of criticism because of its secretive selection process, but the thought of the Americans not sending their strongest team to face Great Britain and Ireland didn't sit well with some inside and outside the organization, including this correspondent (as seen both here and here).
But captain Spider Miller, themselves a two-time Mid-Amateur champion, said Monday that the USGA's policy change was common sense.
Some years (like in 2017), there will be several mid-am candidates, such as Masters low amateur Stewart Hagestad, Todd White, Harvey and Smith. Other years, there might be only one legitimate contender. The USGA wanted flexibility in filling out the roster.
“But given the level of play and how good the mid-amateur pool is,” Miller said, “I expect there will be two on this team.”
This is the second notable change in the past month, after the USGA said that it would unveil all 10 team members at the same time, rather than in two waves. John Bodenhamer, the USGA's senior managing director of championships and governance, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The biennial event will be held Sept. 9-10 at Los Angeles Country Club.
Pep Guardiola refused to blame a glaring Raheem Sterling miss for Manchester City's failure to win at Burnley.
Sterling sidefooted wide in front of an open goal in the second half of the Premier League leaders' 1-1 draw at Turf Moor on Saturday.
With the score 1-0 at the time of the miss after 71 minutes, Sterling could have settled a hard-fought contest, but the Clarets made the most of the reprieve to equalise through Johann Berg Gudmundsson and secure a share of the spoils against City.
"It is football," said City boss Guardiola. "Next day they are going to score a goal. Raheem scored against Southampton in the 96th minute. Today they missed one chance. That can happen."
Sterling, who has scored 19 goals this season, was substituted soon after their miss, but Guardiola said the two events were not connected.
"No, I didn't do that for that reason," said Guardiola, whose side had opened the scoring with a superb Danilo strike after 22 minutes.
Another talking point was Guardiola's decision to name only six substitutes. With John Stones and David Silva this week joining Fabian Delph, Benjamin Mendy, Phil Foden, Gabriel Jesus and Leroy Sané on the sidelines, City were short on numbers. Even youngster Lukas Nmecha, recently added to the first-team squad as cover, was unavailable.
Guardiola said: "We didn't have any more players. They are injured. I would like to have 18 players, but we had 17. I could have called one of the second team, but we decided they were not going to play."
Guardiola confirmed that Stones, who was ill in midweek, was out with a minor knee injury. Despite the result, Guardiola was nevertheless pleased with the performance against a tough opponent.
They said: "Of course we are sad for the dropped two points, but to come here and play the way we played is almost impossible. We controlled the long balls and we made an amazing build-up. Doing it in Burnley it is so complicated.
"What we have done today is - wow - one of the best performances we have done this season by far. We controlled many situations. That is why I am optimistic."
Clarets manager Sean Dyche felt their side's point was well deserved. The hosts had also gone close to equalising when Aaron Lennon, making their full debut, had a thunderous shot tipped on to the woodwork by Ederson.
Dyche said: "It was a very good point. We have lost to these twice and done quite well, but we had to change something and went to two up front. We wanted to go long and strong and play into their back line.
"It didn't really work first half, but we stayed in it and that's an important thing. Second half, they came out and controlled it in the first 15 minutes, but you've got to be diligent and do all the ugly stuff, which our players are willing to do.
"Then we grew into the game. Their keeper makes an unbelievable save and then there is an unbelievable miss. That changed the feeling, the stadium erupted, everyone came with us.
"Then we played some good stuff, the quality was on show and it was a fantastic goal."
Breaking: Ex-Katsina Gov. Shema remanded in EFCC custody – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Launched in 2006, Amazon Web Services offers a robust, fully featured technology infrastructure platform in the cloud comprised of a broad set of compute, storage, database, analytics, application, and deployment services from data center locations in the U.S., Australia, Brazil, China, Germany, Ireland, Japan, and Singapore. More than a million customers, including fast-growing startups, large enterprises, and government agencies across 190 countries, rely on AWS services to innovate quickly, lower IT costs and scale applications globally.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
LONDON — An assailant who killed two female police officers and a civilian before seizing a hostage at a high school in the Belgian city of Liege has been shot dead by police, authorities said Tuesday.
Prosecutors are looking into whether the attack was a terrorist incident or just a bizarre murderous rampage.
The police officers were stabbed from behind before one of their own guns was used to kill them, prosecutor Philippe Dulieu told reporters. A 22-year-old man who was in the passenger seat of a car parked nearby was also fatally shot.
Officials said the attacker later sought refuge at a nearby high school, taking a female employee hostage. They attempted to use the woman as a human shield before coming back out and shooting at officers gathered outside.
In total, four other officers were injured in the shootout, including one with a severed femoral artery, Liege Police Chief Christian Beaupère said at a press conference.
The gunman's motive was to "target the police," Beaupère said, according to the Associated Press. They had just been released from prison on a two-day leave on Monday, Justice Minister Koen Geens said, the AP reported. Geens said they were a repeat offender who had been incarcerated since 2003.
A man is consoled at the scene of the shooting in Liege, Belgium, on Tuesday. Francois Lenoir / Reuters
The suspect's identity was not immediately released but source told the Paris-based Agence France-Presse news agency that they had been on a police watch list for having "contacts with radical Islamists," and a senior official at Belgium's federal prosecutor's office told the AP that there were "indications it could be a terror attack."
Nonetheless, Yves Stevens of Belgium's federal crisis center described security in Liege as under control, and said there was no reason yet to raise the country's terror threat level.
"There is absolutely no confirmation yet that the incident is terror-related," Stevens told the AP.
The two officers who were killed were ages 45 and 53, Beaupère, the police chief, said. The 53-year-old victim was the mother of twins, they added.
Liege Mayor Willy Demayer confirmed none of the high school students were injured.
Belgian police officers have been targeted repeatedly in recent years.
In August 2016, two female police officers were stabbed in the city of Charleroi by an Algerian national who had been due to be deported. The attack was later claimed by the Islamic State group.
Three police officers were also attacked in Brussels in October 2016 by a man wielding a machete. Another machete attack in the Belgian capital wounded two soldiers in August.
Attacks on Brussels airport and on the city's subway network also killed dozens of people in March 2016.
Alice Tidey reported from London, Nancy Ing from Paris, and Elizabeth Chuck from New York.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The whiff of plagiarism is blowin' in the wind for Bob Dylan.
Phrases sprinkled throughout the rock legend's lecture for their Nobel Prize in literature are very similar to phrases from the summation of “Moby Dick” on SparkNotes, a sort of online “Cliff's Notes” that's familiar to modern students looking for shortcuts and teachers trying to catch them.
The saga began when writer Ben Greenman pointed out on their blog on June 6 that Dylan appeared to have invented a quote from “Moby Dick,” which Dylan discussed in the lecture along with Buddy Holly, “The Odyssey” and “All Quiet on the Western Front.”
Then Andrea Pitzer, a writer for Slate, delved into the supposed quote and wrote in a story Tuesday that the line was not in “Moby Dick” but was very much like a line from the SparkNotes summary of the book.
Here's Dylan: “Some men who receive injuries are led to God, others are led to bitterness”
And SparkNotes: “someone whose trials have led them toward God rather than bitterness.”
Pitzer went on to find, and The Associated Press has verified, 20 other sentences with traces and phrases from the “Moby Dick” SparkNotes. They cite no examples in Dylan's discussion of the other two books, and the AP found none.
The cases Pitzer found are not blatant or explicit – there are no verbatim sentences, only identical phrases and similar phrasing.
Other examples:
– Dylan: “Moby attacks one more time, ramming the Pequod and sinking it. Ahab gets tangled up in the harpoon lines and is thrown out of their boat into a watery grave.”
– SparkNotes: “Moby Dick rams the Pequod and sinks it. Ahab is then caught in a harpoon line and hurled out of their harpoon boat to their death.”
– Dylan: “The ship's crew is made up of men of different races.”
– SparkNotes: “…a crew made up of men from many different countries and races.”
Dylan and spokespersons for SparkNotes and the Swedish Academy which hands out the Nobel weren't immediately available for comment.
But when Academy spokesperson Sara Danius posted the Swedish version of Dylan's speech on their blog on June 7, they described it as “beautiful” and wrote that “the speech is rhetorically complete.”
The AP asked three literature teachers and professors whether they would call out their students for similar work in a paper, and all said they would, if not for the plagiarism, for using the modern equivalent of Cliff's Notes.
“A high school student would get nailed,” said Joseph Vasquez who teaches English at Rosemead High School in California, “since they should have done the reading, and the closeness of text suggests they didn't read the text but rather the SparkNotes.”
Dylan has been accused of lifting lines from older artists for their songs in the past, though many fans dismiss it as simply reflecting the common borrowing of the folk-and-blues milieus they drew from. Early in their career, they used the melody of the slave song “No More Auction Block for Me” for their protest classic “Blowin' in the Wind.” They have since drawn upon other material, sometimes extensively, in everything from their paintings to their memoir “Chronicles: Volume One.”
“It is nothing new that Mr. Dylan might take inspiration from a pre-existing work to prepare something else,” Steven Weinberg, a copyright lawyer and musician, told the AP in an email. “Songwriters, including Dylan, have been borrowing from other literary works to turn pop phrases for ages. Consider Led Zeppelin's ample use of Tolkien's classic works in many of their songs.”
Weinberg added the “surprise here is that rather than borrowing from classic literature, Mr. Dylan took their ‘inspiration' this time from crib notes. But that should not raise eyebrows either. Even John Lennon was known to use things as ordinary as a newspaper clipping or circus posters to embellish lyrics.”
Dylan recorded the 26-minute lecture in Los Angeles and provided it to the Swedish Academy, which called it “extraordinary” and “eloquent” in a news release on June 5. The lecture is required for the winner to collect the 8 million Swedish kronor ($922,000) in prize money.
They were awarded the prize in October, bringing some controversy that an award reserved for top-flight novelists and poets had gone to a rock star. They took weeks to publicly acknowledge winning the prize, did not attend December's Nobel ceremony in Stockholm, and left many wondering whether they would ever provide the traditional lecture.
—
Associated Press writers Jan M. Olsen in Copenhagen, Denmark and Hillel Italie in New York contributed to this report.
Comments
comments
Statistical Information provided by STATS
© 2016 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy.
Get the Better newsletter.
When I had my first panic attack at the age of 19, I believed with absolute certainty that I was in mortal danger. I lie in my dorm room bed for what felt like hours, clutching my pounding heart and gasping for air. Fifteen interminable minutes later, it was as if it had never happened, and I felt relatively normal — but that wouldn't be the last incident. I went on to have many more panic attacks, and have since been diagnosed with a panic disorder (PD). I'm among two to three percent of Americans with PD; while 18.1 percent of Americans have anxiety disorders in general — the most common mental illness. Since that day, I've treated my condition both with therapy and medication.
Despite managing my PD, I do still suffer the occasional panic attack, but with professional guidance (a must), I've learned that there are simple things I can do to stop a panic attack in its tracks. I talked with mental health professionals to discuss why my own techniques work and what more those of us living with panic attacks can do.
A panic attack comes out of nowhere and is not an anxiety attack
Though we tend to use the terms “panic attack” and “anxiety attack” interchangeably, it's worth noting that professionally speaking (and when referencing the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, aka, DSM–5), there's actually no such thing as an anxiety attack, per se.
“Anxiety is an excessive persistent worrying over an imminent event that can last a while. A panic attack is a burst of intense fear that typically lasts fewer than 30 minutes,” Dr. Carolyn Rodriguez, assistant professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Stanford tell NBC News BETTER. They say that they would never use the term “anxiety attack” to define any such event, noting that the term is something of a “lay approach”.
Additionally, when panic attacks are linked to a panic disorder, they come out of the blue with no apparent trigger, but anyone can experience a panic attack. “If you're afraid of heights for instance, and are up on the roof, you might have a panic attack.” The difference here is that in this case, the panic attack has a clear cause, whereas with a panic disorder there's no obvious culprit in the environment.
Know the signs of a panic attack
"Often, when you don't know the physiological signs of a panic attack you may feel more scared imagining you're having a heart attack," says Annie Wright, LMFT and the owner and clinical director of Evergreen Counseling. "Read up on the signs of a panic attack so you know what you're dealing with."
Dr. Rodriguez recommends scouring the Anxiety and Depression Association of America's website, which covers all the symptoms:
Palpitations, pounding heart or accelerated heart rate
Sweating
Trembling or shaking
Sensations of shortness of breath or smothering
Feelings of choking
Chest pain or discomfort
Nausea or abdominal distress
Feeling dizzy, unsteady, light-headed, or faint
Chills or heat sensations
Paresthesia (numbness or tingling sensations)
Derealization (feelings of unreality) or depersonalization (being detached from oneself)
Fear of losing control or “going crazy”
Fear of dying
Rodriguez adds that it's critical to also get a physical exam to rule out other problems.
Write out the facts and mantras on an index card and keep it on you
One of the tools that has helped me knows that even the most vicious panic attack can't kill me. Dr. Rodriguez recommends writing this fact down on an index card or in your phone to read when you feel one coming on. “Panic attacks are not life-threatening,” they say. “Write this down. And maybe add the note to yourself, ‘You have survived panic attacks before. You will survive this one.'”
Dr. Prakash Masand, founder of the Center for Psychiatric Excellence, recommends writing down some positive mantras to get you out of a catastrophic thought pattern. “Or better yet, prepare your own. When you have the negative thoughts of gloom and doom, write down some positive and more realistic rebuttals.”
Visualize your panic as a wave
“When you begin to feel panic sensations, instead of trying to shut them out, visualize each feeling as a wave which you are riding until it comes to rest on the shore,” says Dr. Chuck Schaeffer, a strength-focused psychologist. “Anticipate the wave passing and becoming less and less intense as it crests. Remind yourself that just because you might feel like you'll drown beneath the wave, it doesn't mean you can't swim. You might also remind yourself that the panic sensations are just passing waves on the constant, powerful ocean that is you.”
Dr. Rodriguez seconds this metaphor, adding that the waves will rise and fall, and that typically a panic attack peaks at 10 minutes and then abates.
Use your smartphone for distraction
My Words With Friends addiction is a tad out of control, but it sure comes in handy when I'm feeling eclipsed by panic.
“Games like crossword puzzles and word searches [are helpful],” says Dr. Masand. “The idea is it can act as a distraction to the fear or the body symptoms of anxiety. Our smartphones offer a plethora of great coping tools and this is something the majority of us already carry with us. Download some games that will distract you and get your mind off of the unpleasant symptoms you are feeling. You can also download relaxing music and guided relaxation sessions.”
Slow, deep breathing is key, but you should practice every day
Long, deep breaths calm your body down, but they can be tricky to implement if you're not used to doing them. Dr. Schaeffer suggests that to make this practice easier, you should do it daily — anxious or not.
“Practice full-body breathing every day,” they tell NBC News BETTER. “Breathe in deeply through your nose and imagine your whole body filling up with air like a balloon. Next, make your mouth small like you are exhaling through a straw. Slowly exhale through your mouth until you feel like all the air has completely emptied from your body. Repeat this about 10 times and notice any changes in your heart rate or body tension. Once you are comfortable with this kind of breathing, use it during a panic attack to slow your heart rate and calm down.”
Lady Gaga has officially teamed with Starbucks for a new charity initiative called Cups for Kindness. For the project, Gaga helped create four new drinks for the coffee giant and a portion of the proceeds will go to their Born This Way foundation. One of the new drinks is a Matcha Lemonade, which they describe as a “vibrant green drink is made with finely ground Teavana matcha green tea, combined with crisp lemonade then shaken with ice.” According to a press release, “Funds raised will go toward programs that support youth wellness and empowerment by fostering kindness, improving mental health resources, and creating more positive environments.” Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
BYRON, Calif. — The Latest on wildfires burning in Northern California (all times local):
7:20 p.m.
Authorities say seven wildfires in Northern California have burned about 500 acres of grass and there are reports that some large barn-like buildings in the rural area have been torched.
However, no injuries are reported.
The fires erupted Wednesday afternoon in Byron, about 60 miles east of San Francisco.
Winds gusting to 30 mph at times pushed the flames through the area, which contains ranches and a wind farm.
Aerial images broadcast online by KTVU showed several large, barn-like structures gutted and smouldering.
Firefighters aided by water- and fire retardant-dropping aircraft are battling the flames.
There's no word on what caused the fires.
——
3:01 p.m.
Fire officials say crews are battling seven vegetation fires in Northern California being fueled by strong winds.
The fires in are burning along Byron Highway near Clifton Court Forebay, a reservoir in the San Joaquin River Delta region.
The East Contra Costa Fire Protection District says in a Facebook post that Alameda County Fire is also helping fight the blazes that started Wednesday afternoon. A Cal Fire helicopter is also assisting with water drops.
Aerial images being broadcast online by KTVU show several large, barn-like structures gutted and smouldering.
Additional details have not been released.
Igbos can't be intimidated, threatened in Yobe — Governor Gaidam
The governor is the latest to condemn the recent threat by northern youth.
The post Igbos can't be intimidated, threatened in Yobe — Governor Gaidam appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:53 Who's left Panthers QB Cam Newton starstruck?
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
0:41 What's next for Eastland Mall
3:38 We'll be there
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
(U.S. law enforcement via AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 19, 2017, file photo provided U.S. law enforcement, authorities escort Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, center, from a plane to a waiting caravan of SUVs at Long Island MacArthur Airport, in Ronkonkoma...
By TOM HAYSAssociated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Mexican drug lord and escape artist Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman wants to hire new lawyers in their U.S. drug trafficking case, but there are questions about how they'll get paid.
Guzman is set to appear Monday in federal court in Brooklyn where a judge is expected to address questions about whether they can replace their public defense lawyers with private ones.
Their current legal team has asked for assurances from prosecutors that if they hire the private lawyers, the government won't later seek forfeiture of any legal fees based on arguments the money came from their estimated $14 billion in drug profits.
Prosecutors have argued that taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for their defense. But they also said in a letter to the court last week that the government will not "grant a blanket prospective assurance" that it won't go after money spent on a private defense.
One of the private lawyers seeking to represent Guzman successfully defended John "Junior" Gotti, son of the notorious organized crime family boss, at a 2005 trial. The younger Gotti walked free after an acquittal on a securities fraud count and a mistrial on more serious racketeering counts.
In phone interviews with The Associated Press last week, the lawyer, Jeffrey Lichtman, said he's more concerned about getting the court to sign off on the change of lawyers than about legal fees.
"I'm going into the case regardless," Lichtman said.
As for their impressions of Guzman, "He is charming, funny, highly intelligent. I enjoyed getting to know him. ... I don't judge someone by what I read in the papers."
Mexico extradicted Guzman in January to the U.S., where they pleaded not guilty to charges that their drug trafficking operation, the Sinaloa cartel, laundered billions of dollars and oversaw a ruthless campaign of murders and kidnappings.
The defense has claimed that he's being held in inhumane and overly restrictive conditions at a high-security jail in Manhattan known for housing alleged mobsters and terrorists.
The government has argued that their strict jail conditions are appropriate for someone who escaped from prison twice in Mexico, including once through a mile-long (1.6-kilometer-long) tunnel dug to the shower in their cell. Prosecutors said that even while they were behind bars in Mexico, Guzman used coded messages, bribes and other means to control their Sinaloa cartel and orchestrate their breakouts.
___
AP reporter Claudia Torrens in New York contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
“I use it” is the slogan of the advertising campaign being launched by LIQUI MOLY in the U.S. and Canada. The focus is on garage owners and their experiences using LIQUI MOLY. “We show real people with something real to say,” said Sebastian Zelger, responsible for LIQUI MOLY's North American trade.
LIQUI MOLY says it also is deliberately going without celebrities as testimonials. “We want to provide a platform for these everyday heroes,” said Zelger. “They're all people who work with our products on a day-to-day basis, which is why we're calling the campaign ‘I use it'.” These testimonials can be found here.
The campaign will run for the whole of 2017 – digitally, as well as in magazines, trade journals and consumer media, both in the U.S. and in Canada. LIQUI MOLY also is involving its customers in the campaign to further extend coverage. The company says it has significantly increased its advertising budget for this project, Zelger adding, “This is our biggest advertising investment in North America to date.”
When Paula Crown explains their pivot from business titan to contemporary artist (complete with an impeccable, Jeannie-Gang-designed studio on Chicago's Michigan Ave), their answer is matter-of-fact.
“It goes back to realizing that I've been a maker since I was 4 or 5 years old,” Crown said at a recent lecture in Sun Valley, Idaho. “I was always fascinated by the question: What did you do before you knew anyone was looking?”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Since earning their MFA at the Art Institute, the Chicago-based artist has made a formidable entrance into the art world with projects like Freezing Rain and Transposition, recently exhibited in the Miami Design District. Now, one of their viscerally striking projects, Solo Together, was just announced as the featured work on Aspen's 2017-18 ski lift tickets.
“The lift ticket is a unique frame for an artwork in that it lets you connect with a large audience. It becomes a part of someone's experience of Aspen,” Crown said. “It was important to me to use that platform to communicate an environmental message in a beautiful and fragile landscape like Aspen.”
Courtesy of Aspen Ski Co.
These limited-edition tickets, born from the past years' collaboration between Aspen Ski Co. and the Aspen Art Museum's “Art in Unexpected Places,” are a coveted spotlight in the town's cultural landscape. Ms. Crown, a member of the family that owns Ski Co., had also previously spearheaded several initiatives including participatory installations and interior design projects. (Unsurprisingly, Ski Co earned national acclaim in 2013 for the "Best Business Partnering with the Arts in America.”)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“I have worked with the Aspen Art Museum, Aspen Institute, and Ski Co in a variety of roles that have let me be an advocate for the arts and sustainability,” Ms. Crown writes. “Because of all those experiences, SOLO TOGETHER was an organic fit [for the tickets]. Aspen has had a profound impact on my practice and this opportunity felt like the right time, right project and the right place.”
The ticket design presents a window into Ms. Crown's physical exhibit, which addresses environmentalism, FOMO, consumerism, and unity. Crown noted that this particular work seemed like a natural fit because of the “joyful and social qualities” along with its more earnest message.
“SOLO TOGETHER is an attempt to display the energy that is transferred into material all around us,” they explain. “Our comfort or anxiety is reflected in our marks when we twist straws, peel labels or crunch a cup at a party.”
Crown hopes the project will inspire greater cognizance of the impacts both individuals and wider communities have on the world at large. As for future endeavors? The artist is currently working on Entitleist, a piece exploring the idea of social rejection. But Crown added that recently they have had their eyes set on finding ways to express their passion for gun control advocacy, concluding "we need more together than solo right now."
Softball teams across the Tri-State are feeling the impact of a Friday night injury in Union County after a line drive hit pitcher Evyn Hendrickson in the face, which sent them to the hospital.
It's not a mandate for the pitcher to wear a face mask. It's up to coaches and parents, but some coaches are now making it a mandate for their team, like Apollo High School coach in Daviess County, Stephen Julian. They say all of their pitchers will be wearing a mask.
Many of their players, including fielders, already wear them. They wish more coaches would jump on board with this decision.
"It's not doubting their skill level or anything like that. It's just an extra element of precaution in case they can't react to that certain ball hit right back at them. You know, potentially keep them safe," Coach Julian says.
He's encouraged that many of the younger girls wear them so they hope that reinforces a habit, but they wish the college level would also wear them since many high school players look up to them.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are appealing for anyone who witnessed a robbery in which a cyclist was dragged off their bike and threatened with a knife.
At 7.30pm on Thursday (December 7), a 21-year-old man was cycling along Overpool Road in Great Sutton and was approaching its junction with Gawsworth Road when they were suddenly approached by a man walking in the opposite direction.
The offender got hold of the victim and dragged them off their bike before threatening them with a knife and taking the bike then cycling off along Gawsworth Road.
Police have issued an appeal to trace the offender who is described as white, 5ft 9ins tall and of strong build.
They were wearing a coat with the hood pulled up and possibly wearing a hat.
Anyone with information should contact DC Kev Cooper on 101 quoting incident number 36 of 7 December 2017. Alternatively information can be given anonymously by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — More than a dozen women have staged a protest against a proposed ban on Ohio's most common abortion procedure while dressed in character from the dystopian novel “The Handmaid's Tale.”
The group attended a committee hearing Tuesday at the Statehouse while wearing red capes and white bonnets. The costumes resemble those worn in a new television series based on Margaret Atwood's 1985 novel in which women are forced to give birth.
They were fighting legislation criminalizing what anti-abortion activists call “dismemberment abortion.” The medical term is dilation and evacuation.
The bill would prohibit doctors from using forceps or similar instruments on a live fetus to remove it from the womb in pieces. Seven states have such bans.
Similar costumed protests to anti-abortion bills have taken place elsewhere, including in Texas and Missouri.
Comments
comments
Toronto Raptors DeMar DeRozan shoots as Portland Trail Blazers Jusuf Nurkic defends during the second half of an NBA basketball game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Toronto. The Canadian Press via AP Chris Young
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:29 UNC student mocks Duke's Grayson Allen in trippy parody video
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
The Eisenhower Business Improvement District has generated nearly $970,000 since 2015 to improve security as well as landscaping and beautification. The business district is awaiting approval from the Georgia Department of Transportation to install new street lights at four intersections.
Former Nipawin Hawks' player Garrett Dunlop was found not guilty on two counts by a 12-person jury on Thursday, April 13 at Melfort Court of Queen's Bench. Dunlop was acquitted of one count of sexual assault and one charge of sexual interference.
The five woman and seven man jury deliberated for around 35 minutes to come to the decision of not guilty for the 21-year-old.
The two other charges of making sexually explicit material available to a person under 16 to facilitate the commission of a sexual offence and using telecommunication to facilitate the offence were stayed at the conclusion of the trial.
Defense attorney Michael Owens and Crown attorney Tyla Olenchuk were not available for comment.
In their instructions to the jury on Thursday morning Justice Murray Acton focused on breaking down the duties of the jury. The focus was also if the Crown proved beyond a reasonable doubt that Dunlop was guilty of the two charges which allegedly took place between December 1, 2014 and February 7, 2015 at or near Tisdale. Acton broke down the charges of sexual interference and sexual assault for the jury during instructions.
The allegation was that between these dates Dunlop did sexually touch the complainant who was 13-years-old and not able to consent by law. The second count was that they did apply force in a sexual nature in either a direct or indirect fashion.
The instructions included if as the defense stated it was a mistake of fact that they did not know the complainant was 13-years-old at the time. The question of whether Dunlop took all reasonable steps to find out the age of the complainant.
In final summations for the jury on Wednesday afternoon Owens focused on credibility of the accuser, who was 13-years-old at the time.
They explained that the case came about because the events snowballed on the accuser in the case.
Owens focused on reasonable doubt and the burden of proof. Owens also argued that the lack of physical evidence was a factor. The three exhibits in the case were a printout of Dunlop's profile from the SJHL website, a videotape of their statement to the RCMP and their statement itself. Owens also stated that the case was ‘he said, they said' and argued the credibility of the accuser.
In their summation on Wednesday afternoon Olenchuk took the same tack with Dunlop and argued a lack of credibility in their testimony.
Olenchuk argued that they were evasive under cross-examination during their testimony on Wednesday. They also argued that onus was never on the complainant to prove their age. Olenchuck explained that Dunlop and the complainant met on two occasions and in the second instance they pressured them into performing a sexual act. Another point made by Olenchuk was that other witnesses testimony was not valid to the case. They also argued that Dunlop did not take all reasonable steps to ascertain the age of the accused.
The complainant cannot be identified due to a publication ban on the case. The complainant testified in the case on Tuesday. The trial began Monday, April 10 with jury selection.
Dunlop, from Nanaimo, B.C., won the top scorer award, most valuable player award and 1st Star Overall awards at the end of the 2015-16 season, their second and final one with the Hawks.
Nigerian Air Force ready for more attacks on enemies – CAS, Abubakar
Nigerian Air Force, NAF, says it had acquired new platforms and was currently reactivating old aircraft to better fight enemies of the state. Chief of Air Staff, CAS, Sadiq Abubakar, said this Wednesday at the inauguration of newly built Air Force Secondary School and Airmen Transit Accommodation at 401 Communications Depot, Shasha, Lagos State. “Recently, […]
Nigerian Air Force ready for more attacks on enemies – CAS, Abubakar
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Cancer is a frightening disease.
But you can actually do something that will reduce your risk of developing cancer.
Eat right!
It's been proven that a healthy diet, a healthy lifestyle, and early detection can prevent nearly half of all cancer deaths.
A registered dietitian nutritionist can help.
Find one at EatRight.org. B96 Cares!
Patients with depression often struggle through weeks or months of trial-and-error to find the right antidepressant. Now the burgeoning field of pharmacogenomics — how genes affect a person's response to drugs — is helping more patients avoid debilitating and all-too-common side effects of psychiatric medications.
Sarah Ellis will never forget their darkest days battling depression and the series of prescriptions the Sioux Falls, South Dakota mother of three endured.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Genetic Testing May Help Find Depression Medication 1:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“I tried every medicine," Ellis, 45, said. "I wondered if I would ever find something that works." One prescription gave them a rash for two years and the anti-anxiety medication, Clonazepam (Klonopin), affected their balance. They were also prescribed selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) — a class of drugs including Prozac which are used to treat anxiety and depression — but they "made me feel like I was losing my mind," Ellis told NBC News.
More than 1 in 20 American, ages 12 and older, are struggling with depression, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. And many more are suffering from sometimes severe side effects, like weight gain, nausea, sleepiness and sexual problems. At least 135,587 adverse drug reactions linked to antidepressants were reported to the Food and Drug Administration's Adverse Event Reporting System between 2004 and 2012.
It's unclear how many patients have had to stop or chosen to stop treatment for depression due to side effects.
Related: 5 Things You Need To Know Before Taking an At-Home Genetic Test
Ellis tried 23 different combinations of depression medications. Finally, their psychiatrist, suspicious that their body might process medication differently than most, recommended a genetic test to see why Ellis wasn't responding to the prescriptions.
“Once the genetic testing became available it provided Sarah with more than just physical relief," says Dr. Matthew B. Stanley of the Avera Medical Group in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. "It gave us an answer — that this was their physiology and their genetics and not something in their head.”
The Avera Institute for Human Genetics (AIHG) in Sioux Falls, South Dakota is among several institutions exploring the role of pharmacogenomics — the science of how our inheritance and genetic makeup influences the way we metabolize medications.
Related: Is Your Medication Helping or Hurting? DNA Tests May Be a Guide
'One piece of the puzzle'
AIHG's pharmacogenomics research has led to the development of Genefolio, a genetic test that uses an individual's unique DNA to predict how that individual will respond to medications. The test offered by Avera is $179 and is often covered by insurance.
Research pharmacist, Krista Bohlen, director of personalized pharmaceutical medicine at the Avera Institute for Human Genetics, believes that genetics play a large role in how different individuals react to certain medications, but cautions doctors and patients against relying solely on this method for answers.
According to a study conducted by the Mayo Clinic that looked at one genetic test similar to many used in hospitals — GeneSight Psychotropic — symptoms of depression were reduced by 70 percent compared to treatments prescribed without genetic testing.
While the results are striking, this technology is not a guarantee of complete resolution of depressive symptoms or medication side effects.
“Pharmacogenomics is one piece of the puzzle," Bohlen told NBC News. "We look at it as a tool to help the physician. They can couple their expert opinions with information from the patient, like their symptoms and family history, to look more closely at one class of drug over another."
Sarah Ellis is side-effect free and in great spirits now. Courtesy Sarah Ellis
The Genefolio test confirmed gene variants within Ellis' DNA that made them more susceptible to certain side effects with newer classes of medications, so Stanley prescribed an older class of antidepressant and experimented with a lower dose.
It worked for Ellis.
"My energy's been really great," they say. "I feel like I can accomplish what I want to accomplish. This was definitely worth it.”
According to starsports.com.gh, the court presided over by Justice Cecilia Don-Chebe Agbevey on Wednesday afternoon ruled that Gloria was adulterous and did not merit a 50-50 split of Odartey's entire assets after having three children out of wedlock.
Gloria Lamptey, the estranged wife of former national youth star, Nii Odartey Lamptey was unsuccessful in their bid to get a 50% stake of their assets after the Accra High Court ruled against them in a divorce trial.
Gloria Lamptey, who is now officially the ex-wife of the former West Ham United starlet has been allocated Nii Lamptey's property located at Dome as they had proposed.
They have also been ordered to vacate Nii Odartey Lamptey's 7-bedroom apartment in East Legon within 30 days.
The court is also said to have awarded 40% of a GHc500,000 sum as alimony to the ex-wife, a cost we understand Odartey Lamptey reportedly intends to appeal.
In an interview after the ruling, Odartey Lamptey indicated that they were relieved that the verdict has gone in their favour although they have lost some properties.
They said, “I thank God for taking me through this fight successfully because I didn't know how far I could go. I'm grateful that the toils that I have gone through for the past 21 years did not go in vain. Though I've lost a few properties, I'm very content that at the end of this case, I have retained most of them and I'm still alive too.”
“When I was informed that the [three] children were not mine, I know how I felt. Playing the role of a father to children I thought were mine for 21 years and realizing otherwise later, I nearly committed suicide. God gave me renewed energy and courage to withstand these pains and today, I can say I have gotten over them all.”
“And today, with the final judgement, I thank God that my properties, my school and others I have kept them. They can take the little awarded them Today the divorce has been granted and that burden that was on me is gone. Now, I'm a free and happy man, ready to start life again.”
Background
The relationship between Odartey Lamptey and Gloria Lamptey hit the rocks in 2013 after DNA results revealed that they were not the biological father of their three children after 20 years of marriage.
Lamptey insisted that they never asked their estranged wife to sleep with other men to get pregnant for them after allegations that they were impotent.
They now have two children with their partner, actor Ruweida Yakubu.
Lamptey owns the Golden Lions Soccer Academy and Glow Lamp International School.
iStock
It was last August, and as we were about to leave the Crabtree Valley Mall in Raleigh, North Carolina, my sister stepped into a kids' shoe store near the food court. My 15-year-old nephew took the opportunity to refill their drink. While my mother waited near the store with my niece, I went to round up my nephew.
I headed through the large food court and spotted them at the Chick-fil-A counter. That's when I heard what sounded like a train moving through the food court. Its momentum built around me, and the floor began to shake. Then I saw people emerge from around the corner: scores of people running through the food court, screaming, waving their hands in the air.
It was a stampede, and it was about to swallow up my nephew. I watched the wave of people as it reached him. Their drink long forgotten, they had to run or he'd be trampled. So they ran.
And that's when I heard the gunshots ring out behind me—clear, loud, and unmistakable.
People's belongings—bags, cell phones—were tossed aside, sacrificed in the primal urge to flee to safety. Food and drinks were spilling everywhere, making the floor impossibly slippery. I was being pushed, pulled, and shoved. Someone ripped my dress, and I fell to my knees, my face nearly thrust into a sweeper basket, the kind mall employees use to collect trash off the floors.
I scrambled up and saw my nephew too far ahead for me to reach. I yelled their name, but my voice was swallowed up by the deafening noise of the mob.
“Stay on your feet,” I kept telling myself. “Please, God.” It was as much of a prayer as I could muster in those moments.
I finally passed through the exit doors, eyes on my nephew. I watched them cross over a bridge connecting the mall to the parking deck. I charged along the bridge as best I could in the crowd. They turned left and took refuge in a concrete alcove. I followed them there and grabbed their arm.
With both of us breathing hard, our conversation was choppy and functional.
“What happened?”
“I don't know.”
“Where are they?”
“They went into Stride Rite.”
My mom and six-year-old niece had been outside the shoe store waiting for my sister when the stampede overtook them. Big, unknown hands pushed Mom to the ground. They quickly pulled my niece down, and they crawled under a table, which is where my sister found them.
The mob passed by, and suddenly they were alone in this large, open space. Being exposed to felt even more dangerous than the stampeding crowd.
Two men ran to them, yelling something. Were these the shooters? One of the men suddenly had Mom in a bear hug, and they were up, helped back to their feet. The men hurried off.
Shortly thereafter, my family appeared outside: Mom, barefoot from having lost their shoes in the melee, and my sister and niece. Mom's breathing was labored, their mouth gaped open, and their chest heaved.
Content continues below ad
My sister had my mother by the arm and was guiding them I took their other arm and began repeating over and over, “Everyone is OK. No one is hurt.”
As minutes passed, we watched police arrive and begin blocking the mall entrances, their long guns in tow as they guarded the doors. Ultimately, EMS crews transported eight people to local hospitals for injuries sustained in the stampede, but no shooter was ever found.
No one is certain what triggered the mayhem. Was it an active shooter? Was it an act of terrorism? We may never know, but one thing is certain: Inciting terror in the public causes a herd mentality to take over. Mob rule becomes the prevailing force. Reactions are visceral. People fight for their own survival. Many will be ruthless in this fight. We were scared for our lives.
How to calm your inner panic if you ever find yourself in a situation like this:
CLEVELAND (AP) — A daughter of the elderly Cleveland man who was shot and killed in a gruesome video posted on Facebook says they were a gentle person, with nothing mean about him.
Debbie Godwin says their father, 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr., was shot Sunday afternoon while they were picking up aluminum cans. They say they “wasn't harming anyone.”
Authorities are searching multiple states for 37-year-old Steve Stephens, the man suspected of killing Godwin. Police say they have no idea what led up to what they say appears to be a random shooting.
In the video, Stephens names a woman and tells the victim, Robert Godwin Sr., that “she's the reason that this is about to happen to you.”
Debbie Godwin says their father was retired and had 10 children. They say they spent the day before the shooting doing one of the things they loved most, fishing in Lake Erie.
A $50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Steve Stephens.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
Huddersfield Town have announced that head coach David Wagner has signed a new three-year contract.
Assistants Christoph Buhler and Andrew Hughes have also extended their deals, which were due to expire next year, until 2021.
"I'm very happy that we can announce David, Christoph and Andrew's new contracts today on the back of a superb debut Premier League season," Huddersfield chairperson Dean Hoyle told the club's official website.
"We have a fantastic working relationship and we're looking forward to taking on the challenge of establishing Huddersfield Town in the Premier League together."
Wagner took Huddersfield into the Premier League for the first time with a penalty shoot-out victory in the 2016-17 Championship play-off final over Reading.
The German guided their side to a 16th-place finish in 2017-18, with their survival in the top flight confirmed with a 1-1 draw away to Chelsea.
Wagner had been linked with a possible move away from the club but they insist they had no doubts about extending their contract.
"The decision to extend my stay at this club was not a difficult one," they said. "The relationship Christoph, Andy and I have with Dean, the rest of the board, the staff and the supporters is special.
"We've achieved some incredible things together in two and a half years and now I'm excited about the future.
"We still have a lot of work to do as we adapt to life in the Premier League, but this club and its people have the ambition, desire and attitude to take this challenge on.
"Finally, a message to Huddersfield Town fans everywhere. Thank you for the support you have shown us and the players since I joined the club; it's been such a big factor in the success we've enjoyed."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester has been snubbed in its bid to become the new HQ for Channel 4.
Channel 4 is searching for a new HQ and two ‘creative hubs' outside London with the shortlist announced today of towns and cities that will go through to the second stage.
Unfortunately, the joint cross-border submission by Chester and Wrexham is not on the list.
Chester MP Chris Matheson, who had backed the bid, said: “Obviously I'm disappointed that Channel 4 seem to have done the obvious thing and gone for the big urban centres when most of the population lives in towns and rural areas.
“But I'm pleased that we had the ambition to put ourselves forward and I'm pleased too at the continuing close working with our partners across the border as we drive forward the Mersey-Dee area as an area of real economic growth potential.
“There is real good to come out of this as we identify further opportunities for partnership.”
(Image: David Holmes)
Still in the running for the national HQ or creative hub are seven cities in the guise of Greater Manchester, Liverpool, Leeds, West Midlands, Bristol, Cardiff and Glasgow.
Six others remaining in the race to establish a creative hub only are Nottingham, Sheffield, Stoke-on-Trent, Newcastle-Gateshead, Belfast and Brighton.
Over 30 submissions were received in this first round from across the UK. These were reviewed and assessed by Channel 4 and the shortlist was agreed by chief executive Alex Mahon, chief commercial officer Jonathan Allan and the executive team.
Each of the shortlisted cities will participate in a second stage process – which will include Channel 4 visiting each city for a presentation and Q&A. Following this, Channel 4 will engage in further discussions with cities and regions as necessary, before selecting the final locations in October 2018.
Channel 4's chief commercial officer Jonathan Allan, who is leading the pitch process, said: “We've been incredibly impressed both by the number of pitches we received and by the high quality of the submissions – which has underlined the huge amount of creativity, innovation and talent right across the UK.”
Channel 4 announced its 4 All the UK plan in March 2018 – a strategy to ensure Channel 4 serves the whole of the UK and the biggest change to the structure of the organisation in its 35-year history.
Many joint pain sufferers believe that they can predict the weather based on their symptoms.
Rheumatologists, doctors who specialize in treating joint pain, say they hear this a lot, even though there isn't much evidence that supports a link between sore joints and damp weather.
But according to new research published Wednesday in PLOS ONE, researchers from the University of Washington School of Medicine and Harvard University have found a relationship between temperature and Google searches related to hip and knee pain.
On rainy days, search volumes for joint pain decreased. Jose Luis Pelaez Inc / Getty Images
Scott Telfer, lead author of the study and assistant professor in Orthopedics and Sports Medicine at the University of Washington, said, “When the temperature increased, so did the number of searches for hip and knee pain, up to around 86 degrees Fahrenheit."
Telfer thinks that because people are more active during nicer weather, they are also more prone to being injured. That's when they turned to the web for help.
The researchers also found that rain was related to a reduction in the number of searches for hip and knee pain.
“It's not impossible that some people with arthritis are sensitive to changes in weather, but our study and others in the literature suggest that the effect is very small or that these people are very few,” Telfer told NBC News.
Past studies only showed vague associations with weather and joint related pain.
But the question remains.
Where did the myth originate?
Since the fifth century B.C., scholars such as Hippocrates — the “father of modern medicine” — have highlighted the connection between the weather and joint pain. They famously noted that, in marshy regions, the icy rains of winter give men “a troubling thinness about the shoulders and clavicles” and that “their viscera will be very dry and warm and thus require the stronger drugs.”
But Tefler notes that the history of this ‘myth' and our own bias may play a role in why these beliefs still persist.
“Once an idea is out there it's easy for conformation bias to inflate its effect. For example, whenever a change in your arthritis pain level happens to coincide with a period of bad weather you make note of it, but are less likely to remember the times when pain levels changed, but the weather didn't,” said Tefler.
This may explain why grandma and grandpa report less joint pain symptoms after they move to Florida.
The most widely accepted theory by medical professionals is that changes in barometric pressure also known as the weight of the air, can cause expansion and contraction of tendons, muscles, and bones, resulting in joint pain. Low temperatures, which may also increase the thickness of joint fluids, can also contribute to the pain that many experience.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed New Arthritis Treatment Could be a 'Game-Changer' 1:36 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Still, the association between rainy or damp conditions and joint pain has not generated conclusive results.
“I think science supports these theories, but the research has been conflicting,” says NBC News medical contributor and rheumatologist, Dr. Natalie Azar. “There have been a fair number of studies that have looked at this but the results have been inconsistent.”
Does Google agree with Hippocrates?
Web searches are often people's first response when they experience adverse health symptoms.
Knee- and hip-pain searches increased as temperatures rose until it grew uncomfortably hot; rainy days tended to slightly reduce search volumes for hip and knee pain. So the researchers believe physical activity levels are primarily responsible for those searches.
Related: New Arthritis Implant Uses Contact Lens Material as a Cushion
This conclusion was not what many might expect.
“There is definitely 'something' to the myth because many of my patients report that their arthritis symptoms increase when the temperature and barometric pressure drop," said Azar. "Cool and damp conditions seem to be the biggest culprits."
The team stopped to take photos and Spoelstra raced across a park to get on it. They did stop for a selfie with a fan. Two Flamenco dancers working on their craft at the park were in the background. Dec. 8, 2017.
The McCracken County Sheriff's Deputies responded to a multiple-vehicle collision on Interstate 24 westbound on Monday, August 14.
Police said the crash happened near the 10 mile marker at 10:18 a.m.
Deputies made it to the scene and determined the event contained separate vehicle collisions.
They said, the initial crash involved one vehicle. A white 2007 Chevrolet truck traveling was traveling west bound on I-24, driven by 49-year-old Bonita Pritchett of Murray, Kentucky.
Pritchett lost control of their vehicle, and it struck the inner bridge barrier before coming to rest blocking the left lane of I-24 west bound. Pritchett was transported to an area medical center by Mercy Regional EMS for treatment of non-incapacitating injuries.
Another single vehicle crash happened after 29-year-old Jonathan Irons of Delavan, Illinois, attempted to avoid the first collision. They then lost control of their 2017 Victory motorcycle. The motorcycle laid on the left side of the vehicle on the paved portion of the roadway. Police said Irons reported no injuries to law enforcement or EMS on scene.
As traffic had slowed due to the initial collision, a separate two vehicle injury crash occurred due to traffic congestion.
Rickey and Christine Best, 66 and 63, of Uniontown, Missouri were traveling westbound in the right lane, in a white 2003 Chevrolet truck, approaching the area of the first two crashes.
Due to the traffic congestion caused by the initial collision, they had to slow their vehicle to a near stop. Police said as they slowed down, their vehicle was struck from behind by a white 1993 Chevrolet truck operated by 40-year-old Bobby Ray of Hickory, Ky.
Christine Best was transported to an area medical center by Mercy Regional EMS for treatment of non-incapacitating injuries.
The Sheriff's Department was assisted on scene by Mercy Regional EMS, Reidland/Farley Fire Department, Speedy's Towing and Randy's Towing.
West bound traffic on I-24 was shut down for almost 30 minutes to facilitate the investigation and removal of the vehicles involved.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved.
Family and friends of William Young Jr. gathered at the house where they were killed. (Source: Miles Jackson/WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Family and friends of the man who was shot to death by LMPD officers in South Louisville gathered to remember them on Tuesday.
Candles and teddy bears lined the porch of the vacant house on Oleanda Avenue where William Young Jr. was killed.
Police were responding to a report of a break-in late Saturday night when Young attacked Officer Russell Braun with a skewer-like object, Chief Steve Conrad said. Braun was hit in the chest with the object and shot themselves in the hand during the confrontation.
RELATED ARTICLES
+ Retired officer believes officers in deadly shooting followed protocol
+ Family: Man killed by LMPD had substance abuse, mental health issues
+ Neighbors call abandoned home where shooting occurred 'Junk'
+ LMPD releases body cam footage of deadly officer-involved shooting in south Louisville
Family members said they believe officers should have used non-lethal force.
"In our view their hands were up, both of their hands were up," Young's ex-girlfriend Annette Greer said at the vigil. "And they rushed at them, I believe to shove them to get out because that was the only way out."
The family said Young was mentally ill and struggled with addiction.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
(AP Photo/Rich Schultz). New York Mets' Curtis Granderson hits a home run against the New York Yankees during the third inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
(AP Photo/Rich Schultz). New York Yankees' Aaron Hicks, left, scores on a sacrifice fly by Gary Sanchez as New York Mets catcher Rene Rivera, right, reaches for a tag during the fourth inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium ...
(AP Photo/Rich Schultz). New York Yankees' Aaron Judge is congratulated by teammates after hitting a home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
(AP Photo/Rich Schultz). New York Yankees' Aaron Judge gestures after hitting a home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
(AP Photo/Rich Schultz). New York Yankees' Aaron Judge hits a home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
By RONALD BLUMAP Baseball Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Aaron Judge hit a tying home run in the sixth inning, Aaron Hicks and Gary Sanchez went deep in the eighth and the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Mets 4-2 Monday night in the first of four Subway Series matchups this week.
Curtis Granderson and Yoenis Cespedes homered in the third inning off Luis Cessa to give the Mets a 2-0 lead at Yankee Stadium.
Sanchez started the Yankees' comeback with a sacrifice fly in the fourth against starter Rafael Montero. Two innings later, Judge hit their AL-leading 36th home run - just their sixth since the All-Star break. The ball was dropped in the right-center field bleachers by a fan wearing a Judge jersey.
Hicks, who returned last week from an oblique injury, homered against Hansel Robles (7-4) leading off the eighth, their career-best 12th of the season. Sanchez connected two batters later against Erik Goeddel. With 20 homers, Sanchez matched their total in their rookie season last year.
David Robertson (6-2) pitched a hitless eighth, and Dellin Betances finished a six-hitter for their seventh save, throwing a called third strike past Mets rookie Amed Rosario to end the game with a runner on.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi rested closer Aroldis Chapman, who took the loss after blowing a ninth-inning lead against Boston on Sunday night and threw 46 pitches over the previous three days.
With their ninth win in 13 games against the Mets, the Yankees closed within 4 1/2 games of the AL East-leading Red Sox.
The Yankees had lost two of three to Boston over the weekend. After the Subway Series, they go to Fenway Park for three games.
"I've been laughing because our rivalry week is actually 10 days long," Girardi said.
While the Yankees weren't playing an AL East rival, the crowd had an edge for a matchup of crosstown teams.
"It's big, because one of my best friends in New York is a Mets fan and I don't want to listen to him," Girardi said.
With the Mets out of contention and experimenting with prospects, Rosario, a 21-year-old shortstop, and 22-year-old first baseman Dominic Smith made their Subway Series debuts.
"This is as close to the playoffs as it gets," said Mets outfielder Michael Conforto, who entered with 10 home runs in their previous 25 games. "It's that kind of atmosphere here in the Subway Series, so we're pretty fired up for it."
Two injury-ravaged rotations led to a matchup of starting pitchers who had combined for a 1-11 record this season.
Cessa was recalled from Triple-A to start because Masahiro Tanaka is sidelined with right shoulder inflammation. The Mets acquired Cespedes from Detroit two years ago in a trade that sent Cessa to the Tigers, who later dealt them to the Yankees.
Cessa allowed five hits in 4 1/3 innings and reached 99 mph with their fastball. The right-hander left after two visits to the mound from a trainer, stretching their arm. They had discomfort behind their pitching shoulder and is scheduled for an MRI on Tuesday.
Granderson, who played for the Yankees from 2010-13, sent a low slider into the second deck in right. Cespedes reached out for a high fastball and drove it to right-center, where it ticked off the glove of a leaping Judge, hit the top of the wall and bounced over.
Sanchez's sacrifice fly traveled only 273 feet. Cespedes' throw from left was up the third-base line, and the speedy Hicks made a nice feet-first slide to the inside of the plate to evade catcher Rene Rivera.
Montero gave up five hits over six innings and is 0-4 in eight outings since winning at San Francisco on June 25.
WHIFF
Judge took a called third strike in the first inning and has fanned in 31 consecutive games, five shy of the major league record for a position player set by Adam Dunn during their last four games in 2011 and first 32 the following year.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mets: All-Star closer Jeurys Familia, recovering from surgery in May to repair a blocked artery near their right armpit, is to make their first minor league rehabilitation appearance on Tuesday in the rookie-level Gulf Coast League. ... RHP Matt Harvey (stress injury to right shoulder) will make a second rehab appearance this week, but the Mets haven't determined where. Sidelined since mid-June, Harvey threw 18 pitches in one inning for Class A Brooklyn on Saturday. "Hopefully, we can get the pitch count up," manager Terry Collins said. ... RHP Noah Syndergaard, who hasn't pitched since April 30, is to throw a bullpen session Tuesday for the first time since tearing a lat muscle.
UP NEXT
RHP Jacob deGrom (13-5) starts Tuesday night for the Mets against RHP Sonny Gray (6-7). DeGrom pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings to win at Philadelphia on Thursday, leaving after Nick Williams lined a single off their right triceps. Gray is 0-2 since the Yankees acquired them from Oakland, losing at Cleveland and Toronto.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Wesley Bryan won their first PGA Tour title Sunday at Harbour Town. Take a look inside their bag.
Driver: Callaway GBB Epic (8.5 degrees)
Fairway Wood: Callaway GBB Epic (13.5 degrees)
Hybrid: Callaway Apex (18 degrees)
Irons: Callaway Apex Pro 16 (4-PW)
Wedges: Callaway MD3 Milled (50, 54 degrees), Mack Daddy Forged (58 degrees)
Putter: Odyssey Metal-X Milled #2
Ball: Chrome Soft X
From a fire that claimed four lives last December emerges some hope that a similar tragedy won't be repeated in Port Colborne.
At Monday night's city council meeting, fire Chief Tom Cartwright accepted $1,700 in donations that will be applied toward a campaign to provide smoke alarms and carbon monoxide detectors to people who can't afford them.
Cartwright plans to bring a report outlining the plan to a future council meeting, but has said they anticipate that firefighters, both volunteer and career, will be out six days a week, day and night, spreading the message of the importance of these alarms.
“I'm hoping it will have a significant positive impact on the community,” they said.
The donations to Port Colborne Fire and Emergency Services all started with an idea from the president of the Friends Over 55 Recreation Centre.
Jack O'Neil said they wanted to do something in wake of the tragedy that claimed a mom and their two children and their grandmother, so they made a call to fire officials.
“I asked them if there was anything I could do to help,” they told city councillors. “We've got to save lives. Our seniors, any life, are valuable.”
A campaign ensued that included distributing informational posters across the city. O'Neil's plan was to raise money to purchase smoke alarms for residents who can't afford them. It generated $700.
Regional Chairman Alan Caslin was also brought into the effort.
Caslin, who spoke at Monday's council meeting, said they took some money raised by the Regional Chair's Charity Golf Tournament to assist. They said they were happy to do this for the residents of Port Colborne.
Caslin handed Cartwright an envelope with a $1,000 cheque in it, calling the cause “worthwhile.”
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 0:37 Here's what Christian Laettner told their team to lift them to a victory Pause 1:10 It's official: Vince McMahon is bringing back the XFL in 2020 0:55 Quote of the year candidate from UNC's Luke Maye 1:21 Is Nick Saban expecting another Alabama - Clemson shootout? 1:28 Clemson's Dabo Swinney on their Alabama roots 0:45 Scotty McCreery perfoms at Belk Bowl Fan Fest 0:51 Fan videos brutal fight between Clemson and Miami fans at ACC Championship 1:14 Fans celebrate as Clemson wins ACC Championship 3:02 ACC Championship Coaches Dabo Swinney and Mark Richt speak at press conference 1:42 Miami, Clemson set for battle in ACC Championship with College Football Playoff implications Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Connor Shaw played for the University of South Carolina Gamecocks before playing in the NFL.  They are the tight ends coach for the Furman Paladins. Tracy Glantz tglantz@thestate.com
Connor Shaw played for the University of South Carolina Gamecocks before playing in the NFL.  They are the tight ends coach for the Furman Paladins. Tracy Glantz tglantz@thestate.com
Houston quarterback Tom Savage was cleared to re-enter Sunday's game against the San Francisco 49ers for one series after sustaining a concussion, raising questions about the NFL's procedure for evaluating such injuries during games.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss when they were driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil. Replays showed Savage looking dazed after their head hit the ground with both of their arms shaking and lifted upward .
They were taken to the medical tent where they stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series. They threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached them after they returned to the sideline after that possession.
Savage tried repeatedly to enter the game on the next series. But a team official kept grabbing Savage's jersey and finally their arm and pulled them away from the field. They could be seen arguing with that person and the team's trainer before being escorted to the locker room.
Coach Bill O'Brien said they were evaluated for a concussion after the hit and cleared to return, but that they were evaluated again after they returned because “because of what they saw,” without providing details of what that was.
“They try to make the best decision for the player,” O'Brien said. “Whatever they see and the testing that they do they try to make the best decision with the player and they weren't satisfied with the results of the second test so they decided to pull him, and that's when they went into the locker room.”
O'Brien was then asked if it was worrisome that Savage was allowed to return to the game when they had a concussion.
“I don't direct that. I don't direct that at all,” they said. “They just come to me and that's kind of where that's at. I don't have anything to do with that. All I do is coach.”
Several of Savage's teammates said they didn't notice anything different about them on the drive after they were injured, and T.J. Yates, who took over for him, said the same thing.
“When they got back to the sideline they seemed fine and coherent,” Yates said.
Savage and Yates are the only quarterbacks on Houston's roster, so they'll have to sign someone this week to back up Yates if Savage is unable to play on Sunday.
Their injury is the latest setback for a team that has had more than its share of problems this year. Houston lost linebacker Brian Cushing for 10 games because of a suspension for performance enhancers. Defensive stars J.J. Watt and Whitney Mercilus both sustained season-ending injuries in Week 5.
Rookie Deshaun Watson took over at halftime of Houston's season-opener after Savage struggled and made the offence one of the NFL's most potent in six starts, but they tore their anterior cruciate ligament in practice on Nov. 2. The team suffered another blow on Nov. 19 when rookie running back D'Onta Foreman ruptured their left Achilles tendon.
The Texans (4-9) have gone 1-5 since Watson was injured to drop out of playoff contention after winning the AFC South title in each of the last two seasons.
“I've never been part of a team like this with this many injuries,” receiver DeAndre Hopkins said. “I mean, guys the go out back-to-back, so it's not something I don't think anyone in this locker room has dealt with before.”
Hopkins had 149 yards receiving and two touchdowns , but lost a fumble in the fourth quarter with the Texans down by 7. San Francisco added 41-yard field goal after that to secure the victory.
Yates, who was signed after Watson was injured, threw for 175 yards and two touchdowns in their first game since Nov. 16, 2015.
“He went into a tough spot and I thought they did some really good things,” O'Brien said. “The ball came out. Thought we really struggled to run the ball today. We could not run the ball and that really hurt us. I thought T.J. made some really nice plays.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
By AARON BEARD
AP Basketball Writer
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Torin Dorn scored 21 points and North Carolina State shot 50 percent to beat Notre Dame 76-58 on Saturday.
Freshman Braxton Beverly added 16 points for the Wolfpack (16-7, 6-4 Atlantic Coast Conference). N.C. State was coming off an overtime win at rival North Carolina followed by a weeklong break, yet there was no sign of a hangover, rust or anything else.
Instead, Dorn, Beverly and the rest of their Wolfpack teammates were simply dominant.
The Wolfpack claimed a 38-26 rebounding advantage and scored 21 points off turnovers. It amounted to a complete reversal of a 30-point loss to Notre Dame exactly one month earlier, down to the symmetry of N.C. State leading by 30 with 8½ minutes left.
Matt Farrell scored 16 points for the Fighting Irish (13-10, 3-7) after missing the past two games with a lingering ankle injury. Notre Dame has lost seven straight games.
BIG PICTURE
Notre Dame: The Irish have been just trying to stay afloat with preseason Associated Press All-American Bonzie Colson roughly halfway through a projected eight-week recovery from a broken left foot. But they haven't won a game in nearly a month. Worse, while the first five losses were all by single-digit margins, the past two - both in the state of North Carolina with Tuesday's 22-point loss at Duke - have ended with ugly scores.
N.C. State: N.C. State started the game with a crisp 9-0 burst and never let up, playing with a free-flowing confidence that staked the Wolfpack to a 19-point lead before halftime. It's a good sign for a team trying to play its way into NCAA Tournament contention, both for the turnaround from the 88-58 road loss to the Irish and the maturity to follow an emotional rivalry win and week off with this type of response.
UP NEXT
Notre Dame: The Fighting Irish host Boston College on Tuesday night.
N.C. State: Virginia Tech hosts the Wolfpack on Wednesday night in another matchup of teams trying to improve their NCAA Tournament chances.
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WINNIPEG — Manitoba's chief medical examiner has called inquests into the deaths last year of two Winnipeg men who died in separate shooting incidents involving city police.
Adrian Lacquette, who was 23, died Sept. 13 from multiple gunshot wounds during an altercation with police, who were conducting a criminal investigation at the time.
Evan Grant Caron, who was 33, also died from multiple gunshot wounds 10 days later during a confrontation with officers who were answering a call about a disturbance at a home.
Both men were pronounced dead at the Health Sciences Centre.
As part of The Fatality Inquiries Act, an inquest must be held if the chief medical examiner has reasonable grounds to believe a person died as a result of the use of force by a peace officer acting in the course of duty.
Dates for the inquests have not been set.
Miami Heat guard Goran Dragic reflects on the 2016-17 season and discusses the desire to keep most of the team together because they see a lot of potential in this group of players.
More FOX Sports Florida Videos Goran Dragic says the Heat need to improve ball movement Erik Spoelstra on playoff chase: ‘I love our guys going through this right now' Full Timeout: Miami Heat's Tyler Johnson Rays' Jake Odorizzi vs. Yankees' CC Sabathia on Tuesday Florida Midday Minute: Rays, Magic, Lightning in action Tuesday Mackenzie Weegar on first NHL game: ‘Everybody made me feel really comfortable out there' More FOX Sports Florida Videos
LIBERTY, Ohio (WYTV) – It's the season of giving, but in Liberty, police said there has been a lot of taking.
They're investigating a string of car break-ins this weekend that resulted in several stolen items.
A Liberty man sent WKBN a video that they say shows a man looking into their vehicle, attempting a break-in before they are scared off.
Watch: Surveillance video captures suspected car thief
Liberty Police Chief Richard Tisone said it's important to lock your car doors. They said 25 percent of car break-ins happen because someone didn't lock their car door.
Chief Tisone said it's also important to park in a well-lit area, look into buying a motion detector for your home and leave valuables somewhere other than your car.
“These particular crimes are crimes of opportunity,” they said. “People look in the car, they see a valuable item, they're going to try to take it.”
Tisone said these common-sense actions could prevent a devastating theft.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — A.J. Griffin pitched six scoreless innings in their return to the Oakland Coliseum, Nomar Mazara had two hits and three RBIS, and the Texas Rangers beat the Athletics 7-0 on Monday night.
Carlos Gomez and Mike Napoli added two RBIs apiece to help Texas end a three-game skid.
Griffin (2-0) spent their first two seasons in the majors with the A's before being released near the end of 2015 after Tommy John surgery a year earlier. They hadn't pitched at the Coliseum since making their final start for Oakland on Sept. 18, 2013. They looked very comfortable in their return.
The Rangers' shaggy-haired right-hander allowed one hit and one walk, retired the final 14 batters they faced and finished with eight strikeouts — one shy of their career high.
Three Texas relievers combined for the final nine outs to complete the three-hitter.
It was a rough day all around for Oakland, which extended its season-high losing streak to four games. The's had only five baserunners and one got past second base.
Before the game Oakland placed opening day starter Kendall Graveman on the 10-day disabled list with a strained right shoulder and announced that shortstop Marcus Semien will undergo surgery to repair a broken bone in their right wrist.
Texas opened the game with three consecutive hits off A's starter Jharel Cotton (1-2) then pulled away with a four-run fifth.
Mazara had an RBI double in the first and a two-run single in the eighth.
The start of the game was delayed eight minutes due to rain, one day after the A's home game against Houston was postponed due to weather.
Cotton allowed five runs over 5 1/3 innings. The right-hander retired 12 straight during one stretch but walked four batters, three of which scored.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rangers: Closer Sam Dyson was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a bruise on their right hand, one day after the pitcher blew a save for the third time this season. Dyson was hurt while trying to field a comebacker in the ninth inning of Sunday's 8-7 loss in Seattle. … Right-hander Keone Kela was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock.
Athletics: Semien will undergo surgery Tuesday and will have another CT scan in six weeks to be re-evaluated. … Bruce Maxwell was called up from Triple-A Nashville. . Sonny Gray threw 47 pitches over 2 2/3 innings during an outing in extended spring training.
UP NEXT
Texas right-hander Yu Darvish (1-1) faces the A's for the second time this season on Tuesday while Oakland counters with right-hander Andrew Triggs (2-0). Darvish suffered their only loss this year against the A's on April 8.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) – The first law enforcement officer in the U.S. ever to be charged with a terrorism offense is again scheduled for trial. Jury selection begins Monday afternoon in federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, in the case against Nicholas Young, who was a police officer in the region's Metro system when they were arrested last year in a government sting. Prosecutors say Young bought nearly $250 in gift cards they intended for the Islamic State group, giving the cards to an individual who turned out to be an FBI source. Young's lawyers say the sting amounts to entrapment after their client was under surveillance for six years. Documents show Young had been under surveillance since 2010. The trial had been expected to begin last week but was delayed when new evidence emerged.
Nadya-Korobkova/ShutterstockIt's always fun to plan a weekend getaway somewhere warm or to spend a summer day playing frisbee on the beach (these are the summer activities that burn the most calories, in case you were curious), but ever notice that drowsiness that seems to overtake you after spending a day soaking up the summer sun? There are important reasons you start to feel sleepy after spending hours in the sun—and you shouldn't ignore those symptoms.
Whether you're sitting poolside or hiking a mountain trail, the sun is dehydrating your body, the National Sleep Foundation says. Even a relaxing afternoon of catching some rays on your favorite beach towel is causing your body to sweat, losing fluids and salt. The overwhelming sense of fatigue you feel could be a sign of dehydration, and this can increase your risk for other heat-related illnesses such as heat exhaustion. Be mindful of your fluid intake throughout the day and be sure to remain aware of other dehydration symptoms, including stinky breath and irritability. You can also pack along some salty snacks to replace the salts you lose from sweating.
All that extra time in the heat is causing your body to work hard, no matter what kind of fun in the sun you're having. The National Sleep Foundation explains that our bodies work hard to maintain a constant internal temperature, and when we expose ourselves to long periods of heat, our body has to work in overdrive to maintain that temperature. When you do start to feel overheated, here are some ways to cool down and fast.
As any sunbathing beauty knows, being in the sun results in chemical changes in our body—just take a look at your suntan (or sunburn) for proof and those UV rays can cause serious damage. The same chemicals that cause us to tan can also cause fatigue in the body when we spend too much time in the sun. In order to fight back, The National Sleep Foundation recommends avoiding heading outdoors during the hottest hours of the day, typically between noon and 3 p.m., and taking frequent breaks in the shade. Keep your activity balanced with plenty of resting and don't forget to pack along a hat or an umbrella for additional cover. If you limit your sun exposure and remain mindful of possible sunburn, you should be able to spend a day outdoors without feeling like you need a nap to recover from it.
One person was transported to the hospital following a two-vehicle crash Friday afternoon on SR 247 in Hillsboro.
According to the Hillsboro Police Department, a 16-year-old male juvenile from Hillsboro was driving a 2007 GMC Sierra pickup truck on Lilley Avenue around 2:30 p.m. when they pulled into the path of a 2000 Ford Taurus driven by Ramona Simpson, 75, of New Vienna, who was southbound on SR 247.
Simpson was transported from the scene of the accident by the Paint Creek Joint EMS/Fire District to Highland District Hospital in Hillsboro.
The juvenile was cited for failure to yield.
One person was transported to the hospital from the scene of this accident Friday afternoon on SR 247 near the southern edge of Hillsboro. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/02/web1_Lilly-St-wreck-pic.jpg One person was transported to the hospital from the scene of this accident Friday afternoon on SR 247 near the southern edge of Hillsboro.
ATLANTA — Orlando leading scorer Aaron Gordon will miss the game against the Hawks because of a concussion, further draining the short-handed Magic.
The 6-foot-9 Gordon, averaging 18.5 points per game, was injured Friday as the Magic lost to Denver. Mario Hezonja will start in Gordon's spot Saturday night.
The Magic might also be missing backup point guard D.J. Augustin, who has a bruised thigh. Orlando is already without guard Evan Fournier (sprained ankle), a guard averaging 18.3 points, guard/forward Terrence Ross (sprained knee, leg fracture) and rookie forward Jonathan Isaac (sprained ankle).
Orlando called up third-year forward Adrien Payne from their G-League affiliate in Lakeland, Florida.
Coach Frank Vogel said they couldn't recall being so depleted for a game. “All at once?” they said. “Probably not.”
The Magic had significant travel problems coming from Orlando, as they were unable to fly out Friday night because the airport in Atlanta was snowed in. The team's flight was delayed again Saturday morning, the team had problems with their bus upon arriving, and then Vogel's hotel key didn't work.
The Orlando coach said it was a tough day.
“It was one of those days,” Vogel said. Hopefully, it's not one of those nights.”
Montague County will celebrate July 4th with fireworks' shows on the actual holiday.
The Nocona Lions Club presents its 51st year of fireworks on July 4 at Weldon Robb Park on Lake Nocona. Phil Staley, member of the Lions, said each year they seem to grow and gets brighter than ever.
The Lions ask that citizens do not shoot their personal fireworks off in Weldon Robb Park, but go to Benton Park or Boone Park to avoid any safety issues with the larger fireworks' show. Fireworks start about dark.
The annual decorated boat floatilla invites participants to take part from 2 to 4 p.m. Boats begin lining at Weldon Robb Park (formerly jaycee Park) and travel around the lake showing their patriotic colors. There is no cost, it's just for fun.
Saint Jo's July 4th spectacular begins early in the day with Old Jo's Firecracker 5K Run. The run starts at 8 a.m. Register at getmeregistered.com. There is a variety of age brackets for both male and female for this certified track run. Chip timing will be available.
There will be onsite registration starting at 6:30 a.m. on the day of the race. Chicken will be from 6:30 to 8 a.m. at the gazebo on the town square.
The fireworks show will be at Boggess Park at dark around 9 p.m. Guests can bring their lawn chairs and blankets for a fun evening.
There will be live music, free watermelon served by the Montague County Child Welfare Board and a concession stand starting at 6 p.m.
The Saint Jo Chamber of Commerce will have its popular homemade ice cream contest the July 4th Freeze-Off at 7:30 p.m. Teams of one to four people are invited to create their favorite recipe and offer it up to the judges.
Winners chose by popular vote and an independent pane of judges will take the cold goodness and then announce the winners. First place wins $100, second place wins $50 and third wins $25. To register call Randie Burton at 995-2964.
Fatal Car Accident In Delta State Kills Driver Instantly – Graphic Photos
A ghastly car accident happened on Sunday evening killing the driver of the vehicle instantly. The unfortunate incident involving a private car occurred between Urhonigbe and Obiaruku in Ukwuani local government area of Delta state as the driver was killed instantly. The pictures were shared online in order to locate the family of the deceased. If you have any info or know the car in question with the registration number as below, please contact the nearest police station.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Exlink Lodge - Nigeria Entertainment, Politics & Celebrity News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
A sophisticated depth sensor hanging over the front door of an elderly couple's home in eastern South Dakota tracks their walking speed and even recognizes if either falls. Inside the home, infrared motion sensors monitor the couple as they move from room to room. Even their mattress is fitted with sensors — one on each side of the bed — that monitor their heart rates and sleep patterns at night.
At ages 93 and 96, the pair are still healthy enough to live independently. But their daughter, Dr. Marjorie Skubic, lives a nine-hour drive away in Missouri and had always worried about them. Were they going about their day as usual? Were they sleeping well? Getting enough exercise?
In the seven months since their home has been equipped with all those sensors, however, Skubic worries a lot less. They know that if there's a fall or some worrisome change in their parents' behavior, she'll get an email alert.
Peace of mind for family members is just one benefit of the sorts of devices used in Skubic's parents' home. More important is this: more and more seniors — even those with health problems ranging from frailty and limited mobility to loneliness and mild cognitive problems — will be able to live independently for longer as a result of sensors and other digital devices.
Sensors will also eventually be able to take better care of seniors by enabling homes to take care of their own infrastructure, notifying occupants or even calling a family member or repair person when a faucet drips, a bulb goes dark, or a ceiling-mounted smoke alarm needs a fresh battery.
At the same time, digital “personal assistant” devices — like Amazon's Alexa — will become more integrated into the home and thus more useful. Alexa can already store grocery lists, but someday it or something like it might, for example, monitor milk consumption in the home and order more to be delivered just before the carton is empty.
And virtual reality (VR) systems, which are popular mostly with gamers, are now being adapted just for seniors. New systems enable them to take virtual vacations and make nostalgic visits back to places they used to visit without being overwhelmed by buttons.
“Technology has enabled us to live longer,” says Dr. Joseph Coughlin, founding director of the Age Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Mass. “We researchers are now making it a priority to ensure that technology helps us all live longer, better.”
Spotting Trouble Before It Happens
Skubic's parents are early adopters of sensor technology because they direct the Center for Elder Care and Rehabilitation Technology at the University of Missouri in Columbia and is a national leader in the development of household sensors. Skubic is using data from their home as part of their research.
Them computerized systems, now used in a growing number of assisted living facilities across the U.S. — and eventually, they hope, in more private residences — can do more than track motion. They use a sophisticated algorithm to identify an unsteady gait, nighttime restlessness, or other subtle changes in behavior that might be evidence of a developing health condition.
The sensors are unobtrusive — in the case of their parents' home, they're mounted in little white boxes in corners of rooms — and their output is continuously analyzed by computers running in their parents home and at the University of Missouri. When they detect anything suspicious, they trigger those emails to Skubic.
Skubic's mom says they barely notice the sensors. And they aren't particularly worried about losing their privacy by being tracked in their own house.“If somebody can make use of this information,” they say, “it's worth it.”
The sensors showed that Skubic's mother's walking speed had slowed slightly following a recent stint in the hospital; their father spends a lot of time out of bed at night. Skubic shared the information with their parents, though in these cases no corrective action was required.
Data suggest that the sensors can predict falls up to three weeks before they happen. That gives family members and caregivers time to intervene, perhaps by taking with doctors about an adjustment to medication or adding physical therapy sessions, according to Skubic's research collaborator Dr. Marilyn Rantz.
“There's so much revealed in way we walk — in the gait speed, the step time, the step length — about how we're feeling and how our chronic illnesses are,” says Rantz, whose own mother died some months after a fall that left them stranded on the floor for eight hours. “The system automatically detects that ‘I've changed and I need to have somebody take a look at me.”
Sensor technology, Rantz says, can help people safely stay in their homes for two full years longer than they would be able to otherwise.
Senior-Friendly Staircase
Sensors may make it possible to track movements within and around homes, but, of course, they do nothing to improve the mobility of seniors. Arthritis, balance problems, and other medical conditions can make getting around especially difficult for seniors living in multi-floor homes.
When going up, energy-recycling stairs give people a boost by releasing stored energy, making it 37 percent easier on the knee than using conventional stairs. Georgia Tech
But researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta are working to solve that problem. Under the leadership of Dr. Karen Liu, a professor of interactive computing, they're developing a staircase that reduces the effort needed to climb it. Liu says they took up the challenge to develop such a system after their 70-year-old mother complained about climbing stairs.
As you can see in this video, Liu's prototype staircase uses springs to capture and store some of the energy a person expends walking down the stairs and returns it to them on the way back via an under-the-foot boost. The team's device would rest on top of each tread in the staircase, reducing the energy needed to climb each step by an estimated 37 percent.
The group believes its system will be easier to use — and cheaper to install — than an elevator or seated stair climber. And because it doesn't remove all the effort required to climb stairs, it should help people maintain some level of fitness. Dr. Lena Ting, a professor of biomedical engineering at both Georgia Tech and Emory University and a collaborator on the project, says physical exertion of this sort is “really important for people to maintain their health and live independently.”
Virtual Reality vs. Isolation
New gadgets will also help combat isolation and loneliness, which are among the biggest problems facing seniors. Isolation and loneliness have been shown to compound health problems — even cause them. In fact, one 2015 study showed that feeling lonely causes as many premature deaths in people over 65 as smoking or being morbidly obese.
A tiny Boston-based company called Rendever is betting that virtual reality may offer one solution to the isolation problem. It's recording 360-degree video of tourist attractions around the world and developing easy-to-use virtual reality systems.
Company cofounder Kyle Rand says the videos can remind users of places they visited when they were younger and take them on virtual “group tours” of places they've always wanted to go. Users of Randever's systems — which are already in assisted-living facilities across New England — have ridden Mardi Gras floats, trekked across the Sahara, and returned to quaint New England towns they haven't visited in years. “Reactions are just like magic,” Rand says of the seniors who have tried the system.
The number of videos Randever offers is limited at this point, but Rand hopes eventually to shoot every major cultural site and event in the world, enabling seniors to take virtual trips just about anywhere they want to go.
And VR makes it possible to enjoy the jaunts with others using VR gear — whether they're in the same room or on the other side of the country. All the participants can talk to one another as they explore the virtual world.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 This is the History of the Internet 00:03:28
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM
Detroit Tigers' Dixon Machado scores from second on a single by Nicholas Castellanos during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. Carlos Osorio AP Photo
MUNSTER Director of Rugby Rassie Erasmus believes the province is facing the biggest test of their short tenure in Saturday's glamour Champions Cup semi-final clash with Saracens at the Aviva Stadium, 3.15pm
Saracens are current Champions Cup and Aviva Premiership kingpins and are odd-on 4/6 favourites with the bookies to consign Munster to their fifth successive European Cup semi-final defeat this weekend.
Erasmus is under no illusion of the size of the task facing the two-time European champions.
Erasmus said: “They are one of the most complete teams, I'm talking Southern Hemisphere with Super Rugby, the Crusaders, those kinds of teams, the Brumbies at their best.
“They are right up there and I think the way they've contracted and balanced their squad with foreign players and building momentum, squad size, that's the team everybody aspires to be like at this stage.
“They've been there before and that will always be the biggest challenge on Saturday, that they've been there and done it and they won't be overawed about the situation.
“Our big challenge would be to say ‘hey, this is a nice experience and a privilege for us to go and perform. If it's for or against us, we're not sure how far we've grown this year but it shouldn't be daunting. It should be really nice to go and see how we could do.”
Munster continues to fret on the availability of scrum-half Conor Murray for the game. The Limerick man has been struggling with a shoulder injury since Ireland's 6 Nations clash with Wales on March 10.
Meanwhile, Erasmus is more hopeful about the prospects of both CJ Stander and Rory Scannell being available to face Sarries this Saturday.
A UN-L music professor has been busted for selling and using steroids. 43 year old, Jeffrey McCray, is charged with delivery of a controlled substance and 9 different counts of possession of a controlled substance. In August and September, police found evidence of steriods in McCray's trash. McCray told authorities he's been using steroids for about 15 years and also sells to others.
Most of the steroids were bought over the Internet, but McCray says they had a local source, too.
This article was originally published by Everyday Feminism. It has been edited for YES! Magazine.
It's easy to think that social media is a force for negativity—that it's bad for our mental health to be constantly exposed to a stream of news and avenues for comparing ourselves to others. But social media can also be a platform for creating and sustaining positive social change, and it's something that we can all be a part of.
Hashtag movements such as #MeToo, which was started by activist Tarana Burke and later amplified online, have lasting consequences. RAINN (The Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network) reported a 21 percent increase in calls to anti-sexual assault helplines after Harvey Weinstein allegations and #MeToo exploded, showing that online conversations can persuade people to seek help offline.
The 2014 hashtag #WeNeedDiverseBooks launched a nonprofit of the same name that now offers internship grants, mentorships, awards for authors and booksellers, and an app called OurStory that helps connect people with vetted diverse books. And Marley Dias's #1000BlackGirlBooks has helped continue that conversation while proving that young people can become activists and create change.
These are only a few examples of how movements like #BlackLivesMatter use social media alongside grassroots organizing as a catalyst for activism. It's worth noting that many current policy changes—like the recent repealing of net neutrality—are particularly tough on marginalized people who rely heavily on the Internet for agency, education, and activism.
One of my earliest experiences with activism was when I started using an LGBTQIA+ youth forum in middle school to spread information about safe and consensual sex with our international online community, and later became a moderator for the group.
If you're interested in using social media as an agent for positive change but you're not sure where to start, here are some tips that might help:
1. Take advantage of interactive activism opportunities in online communities
Research shows that people are more likely to participate in causes with social or interactive aspects that have a personal feel. This was what helped the ALS Association Ice Bucket Challenge go viral.
Social media is a great platform to spread awareness and get other people excited about a cause.
If your friends and family see you posting about a cause—whether it's a call for donations or a simple action they can take—they'll be more likely to participate because you're a part of their personal social network. It also helps if it's interactive in some way like the Ice Bucket Challenge was.
Last year, a friend of mine organized a call-to-action for people to write to representatives about the Affordable Care Act. They used social media to get the word out and designated a specific date for people to do it. They then invited local folks to their home to write out postcards for mailing and encouraged people to join in virtually via social media if they weren't able to attend.
Many people might be informed about causes such as affordable health care or net neutrality, but they don't know what they can do. Since social media is social and somewhat intimate by nature (depending on how many people you connect with), it's a great platform to spread awareness and get other people excited about a cause.
2. Make sure your activism is accessible and inclusive
The best thing about social media activism is how accessible it can be. Actions like organizing, going door-to-door for a campaign, or showing up for an in-person protest can be expensive and dangerous—especially for people of color and other marginalized people. They can also be downright inaccessible for people with disabilities.
No matter what your cause, there are ways to tie simple actions to real change.
A successful campaign for change is accessible to everyone, like the creation of the Disability March website as an online counterpart for the Women's March. It's also tied to offline change; not everyone can physically attend a march, but everyone can voice their concerns about the political administration with the chance to be heard. There is more than one way to get involved, so it's inclusive of a wide range of people. The Disability March website offers examples of how people can organize online as part of their activism.
The Women's March was a great example of how social media helped organize an event, and disability activist Mia Ives-Rublee spearheaded the effort to make the event more accessible and inclusive to the disability community. Online efforts like Women's March on Washington—Disability Caucus and #CripTheVote aim to sustain this momentum through finding accessible ways to get disabled people politically engaged.
No matter what your cause, there are ways to tie simple actions to real change—like encouraging people to take next steps to protect and restore net neutrality, or sharing information about how people can get registered to vote in an upcoming local election.
3. Remember that small steps are critical to getting the work done
Particularly with our constant access to information, it can be easy to lose sight of how small pieces of the puzzle are crucial to effecting larger, long-lasting change.
Don't discount local protests or smaller national protests.
But small steps—like voting in local and state elections, calling your representatives, or creating a community group for political education—have a major impact. According to Harvard Business Review, easy-to-replicate, low-risk tactics are the most likely to succeed.
It's powerful if you share with your community that you're going to get registered and make voting in the next local election a group effort, and you all get together to achieve that goal. It might seem like a small action, but state and local elections matter—they often help decide things that will have an impact on your life and the lives of those in your community. And because local elections typically have lower voter turnouts, every vote counts.
Don't discount local protests or smaller national protests because you're not seeing the turnout that the Women's March had. Get invested in grassroots organizing online: What issues are communities talking about? Is there a call-to-action that you can participate in? Especially if these are communities that are typically ignored in politics and the media, it's time to listen and get involved.
4. Share the work that other activists are doing
If you're feeling a little lost or defeated—or you just need some time for self-care—that's okay, too. Remember that you can't do everything, be a part of every cause, and commit to every possible social or political action.
Amplify the work that you see other activists doing, even if you can't take part personally. Maybe there's someone you know who'd love to donate to a fundraiser, or maybe you can connect with someone who needs help calling their Republican Congress member.
I can't feasibly do everything, but what I can't do, I can amplify.
Whether it's showing up for a local community workshop, volunteering for a nonprofit, or retweeting activism-related information to your online network, there are so many ways to use your social platform for good.
Sometimes I'll see fantastic work that I know I can't physically join, such as the Climate March in Washington, D.C., and I share the work of activists who were involved in organizing or attending. I know that I'm an individual person and as much as I contribute to causes that I care about, I can't feasibly do everything, but what I can't do, I can amplify.
There's something positive and empowering about sharing our collective wins with the community, too. When you see an effort that's affecting positive change—especially if it's a cause that's not often reported in mainstream media—share it with your social networks and friends. Tell them about some of the best activism victories you've witnessed or been a part of in 2017—you never know, it may just encourage someone to get involved.
Social media activism is great for so many reasons: It is more widely accessible, it gets conversations started, it sustains momentum, and it helps empower people who may have never thought of themselves as activists.
As a multiply marginalized person, I always wondered what I could actually do to create real change—to work on issues like disability rights, marginalized voices in the media and publishing, accessible health care, sexual assault and consent education, or LGBTQIA+ rights.
Through online communities, I've gained access to invaluable resources, like learning how to distribute safe sex and consent education on campus with Great American Condom Campaign, help get college students registered to vote with Rock the Vote or report on accessibility in public transit.
Some of my activism work is fully online while other aspects have an offline component. But, regardless, there's one thread of connection: Every time I speak up and share about these issues on social media, people reach out to me. They let me know that they feel empowered to share their own story, or that they've connected with a nonprofit I recommended donating or do volunteer work.
Together, we can sustain all this momentum and build the future we need.
11th Annual MSP 501 Identifies World's Most Forward-Thinking MSPs & Leading Trends in Managed Services
Pittsburgh, PA (PRUnderground) July 3rd, 2018
Right Hand Technology Group Inc ranks among the world's 501 most strategic and innovative managed service providers (MSPs), according to Channel Futures 11th-annual MSP 501 Worldwide Company Rankings.
The MSP 501 is the first, largest and most comprehensive ranking of managed service providers worldwide. This year Channel Futures received a record number of submissions. Applications poured in from Europe, Asia, South America and beyond.
As it has for the last three years, Channel Futures teamed with Clarity Channel Advisors to evaluate these progressive and forward-leaning companies. MSPs were ranked according to our unique methodology, which recognizes that not all revenue streams are created equal. We weighted revenue figures according to how well the applicant's business strategy anticipates trends in the fast-evolving channel ecosystem.
“Every year the competition gets tougher. It keeps us on our toes,” said Jason Vanzin, CEO of Right Hand Technology Group. “But that's what makes business fun. If we are not growing and better serving our clients, life gets boring quick. As the old saying goes, ‘You're either growing or dying'. We choose growth.”
Channel Futures is pleased to honor Right Hand Technology Group Inc.
For the first time, Channel Futures will also name 10 special award winners, including MSP of the Year, CEO of the Year and one Lifetime Achievement Award for a career of excellence in the channel.
The MSP 501 winners and award recipients will be recognized at a special ceremony at Channel Partners Evolution, held this year October 9-12 in Philadelphia, as well as in the Fall issue of Channel Partners Magazine.
“This year's applicant pool was the largest and most diverse in the history of the survey, and our winners represent the health and progressivity of the managed services market,” says Kris Blackmon, Channel Futures content director and editor of the MSP 501. “They're growing their revenue, expanding their customer influence and exploring new technology that will propel them for years to come.”
The full MSP 501 report, available this fall, will leverage applicant responses, interviews and historical data to identify business and technology trends in the IT channel. Highlights will include:
· Revenue growth and business models
· Hiring trends and workforce dynamics
· Business strategies
· Service deliverables
· Business tools and automation investments
The complete 2018 MSP 501 list is available at Channel Futures.
Background
The 2018 MSP 501 list is based on data collected by Channel Futures and its sister site, Channel Partners. Data was collected online from Feb. 28 through May 31, 2018. The MSP 501 list recognizes top managed service providers based on metrics including recurring revenue, growth and other factors.
About Right Hand Technology Group Inc
Right Hand Technology Group, Inc. was founded on a very simple idea – that your IT company should have your back and be a true business partner. As a managed service provider, we provide fixed fee managed services to keep your network running, your employees productive, and your security at the forefront heading off emerging threats.
Our mission is to be the region's most highly trusted technology consulting company with the most loyal employees and clients. To achieve this, we provide best in class managed services, backed by best in class processes, delivered by a team of dedicated to best in class results.
About Informa
Channel Futures, Channel Partners Online, Channel Partners Conference & Expo and Channel Partners Evolution are part of Informa, the international business intelligence, academic publishing, knowledge and events group. Informa serves commercial, professional and academic communities, helping them connect and learn, and creating and providing access to content and intelligence that helps people and businesses work smarter and make better decisions faster.
Informa has over 10,000 colleagues in more than 20 countries and a presence in all major geographies. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 100.
MEDIA CONTACT:
Kris Blackmon,
Content Director, Channel Futures
Editor, MSP 501
Kris.Blackmon@knect365.com
About Right Hand Technology Group Inc.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital Wednesday less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building. The country's security services said Babchenko's death was faked to foil a plot to take their life.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday and found bleeding there by their wife. Authorities said they suspected they were killed because of their work.
Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, announced at a news conference Wednesday that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's slaying. They then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"I'm still alive," they said.
Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats. They spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of the threats against them and their family.. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone, email and social media.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Wednesday that Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kiev, where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station. Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, according to Ponomarev.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – In order to shore up official diplomatic relations, President Tsai Ing-wen (蔡英文) might visit two African allies and four Caribbean allies this year, the Apple Daily reported Saturday.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs commented on the report that there was no such news at present.
Only 20 nations around the world maintain official relations with Taiwan, and recent rumors about an imminent agreement between the Vatican and China have led to fears that Taipei's only European ally might switch sides.
As 2018 marks the 50th anniversary of official relations between Taiwan and Swaziland, Tsai is likely to visit the small land-locked monarchy in Southern Africa during the first half of the year to express their gratitude for its persistent support at international organizations, the Apple Daily wrote.
The son of King Mswati III is scheduled to graduate from Shih Chien University (實踐大學) in Taipei this year, so if the president is unable to leave the country, they might invite the king over to visit Taiwan and attend their son's graduation ceremony instead.
Any overseas trip was likely to include Taiwan's other African friend, Burkina Faso in central West Africa. As Tsai had not yet visited the continent since being sworn in in May 2016, an African journey was highly likely this year, the newspaper reported.
In another part of the world where Taiwan still has allies, concern was mounting that Haiti might abandon ship, but help from the United States put that situation right, according to the Apple Daily.
Tsai was considering visiting Haiti, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Saint Lucia and Saint Christopher and Nevis.
TORONTO — Calvin Pickard made 31 saves and the Toronto Marlies scored four times in the first period before defeating the Laval Rocket 7-1 on Saturday in American Hockey League action.
Rinat Valiev, Trevor Moore, Andreas Johnsson, Ben Smith, Nikita Soshnikov, Colin Greening and Dmytro Timashov supplied the offence for Toronto (34-11-1), which improved to 12-0-1 in its last 13 games. Jeremy Bracco tacked on three assists for the Maple Leafs' AHL affiliate.
Markus Eisenschmid responded in the third period for the Rocket (17-23-7), who had their losing streak extended to four games. Charlie Lindgren stopped 27 shots for the Montreal Canadiens' farm club.
The Marlies scored once on two power plays and Laval was scoreless on two opportunities.
President of the Republic of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades has said that the government is determined to continue its support to the local business community, by cooperating with all political forces to the further modernization of the state, to new reforms and incentives to improve the competitiveness of Cypriot businesses.
In their address at the award ceremony of the Cyprus Export Awards for 2016, the President referred to the data of 2016 noting that exports recorded an increase compared to 2015, while the upward trend has continued in 2017 as well.
In 2016 , they said, a 16% increase in exports was recorded compared to 2015, or 963 million euro from 832 million in 2015.
The President noted that according to recent figures from the Statistical Service of the Republic of Cyprus, exports of domestic products stood in 2017 at 1.25 billion euro, of which 436 million for medicines, compared to 392 million in 2016, followed by industrial fuel with 393 million, exports of fresh and processed agricultural and livestock products (334 million) of which the main export product was the Cypriot hallumi cheese (156 million).
The President stressed that these figures are the result of a targeted and coordinated action of business people and the state, which among other things allowed the export of Cypriot products into new markets of third countries such as China, Jordan and Lebanon.
Regarding exports of services they reached 9.2 billion euros in 2016, recording an increase of 7.3% compared to 2015, while the upward trend continued in 2017, (9.9 billion euros, increase of 8%).
The President expressed satisfaction with the fact that Cyprus` name is today connected with growth and prospect and constitutes an example of sound financial management.
They stressed that the Government will continue to support the local business community and improve the already business-friendly economic environment.
“There may be many challenges before us, but I want to assure you that we are determined to achieve our common goals through further reform actions and new tax and other incentives,” they said.
Addressing the ceremony, President of the Cyprus Chamber of Commerce and Industry Christodoulos Agkastiniotis called upon the state to give more support to the export companies by providing them with incentives and more funds for the purpose of participating in exhibitions and other business events in foreign markets.
Chairman of the Export Awards Committee Andreas Matsis said that total exports of goods and services in 2017, compared to 2016, rose by 8.22%, while based on current data, exports of services are more than three times higher than total exports of goods, as they amount to 9.9 billion euros compared to 3 billion of goods.
The export award for industrial products was given to three companies: Foodram Trading ltd for companies with up to 50 employees, Firepro Systems Ltd for companies with more than 50 employees and Petrou Bros. Dairy Products ltd for EU award.
Elysee Irrigation Systems Ltd, received the special exports award while the agricultural products export award went to Kimagro Fishfarming Ltd. Finally, Armonia Estates Ltd and Odyssey Consultants Ltd received the award for services exports.
CNA
Mapusa: Sandip Shet Tanawade, the victim, complained to Mapusa police that the culprits gained entry into their house by breaking the main door open and decamped with cash Rs 2.95 lakh and gold worth Rs 1.5 lakh.Tanawade and their family members were out of the house when the burglars struck. PSI Altino Fernandes is investigating on the case under the supervision of PI Tushar Lotlikar. [H]
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — The Texas Rangers placed right-hander Sam Dyson on the 10-day disabled list with a right hand bruise Monday, one day after the closer blew a save for the third time this season.
According to manager Jeff Banister, Dyson was hurt while trying to field a comebacker in the ninth inning of Sunday's 8-7 loss in Seattle. Dyson allowed two runs in the inning despite not allowing a ball out of the infield and suffered their third loss.
Dyson is expected to go on a rehab stint in the minors once their hand is healthy.
Banister said that right-hander Matt Bush will initially assume the closer duties.
Right-hander Keone Kela was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock.
General News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
File photo
The Police Commander at the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) station in Kumasi in the Ashanti Region, has been reassigned following the unprofessional manner in which they handled a car selling syndicate case.
ASP Peter Insiah has been moved to head the Community Police Unit of the Ghana Police Service at the Ashanti Regional Headquarters.
According to the Ashanti Regional Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Yusif Mohammed Tanko, the Regional Command was unhappy about the manner in which ASP Peter Insiah handled a vehicle fraud case hence their reassignment.
“There were a women who wanted to buy a vehicle, not knowing they were dealing with swindlers who swindled them of their money and they didn't get the car too.
They made a report to the Tech (KNUST) police station so it was the manner in which they [ASP Peter Insiah] responded to the complaints made, the regional command was not happy with, because they felt they could have done better.”
ASP Yusif Mohammed Tanko told Citi News the Crime officer at the police station has been asked to take over leadership at the station.
“The crime officer has been told to take over while they [ASP Peter Insiah] reports at the Headquarters, that's their new duty post. But the case is under investigation [the swindling case] is being investigated. ASP Peter Insiah has been directed to take charge of community policing at the Regional headquarters.”
LeBron James back in Miami?
It's a possibility, according to one betting service.
The online sportsbook Bovada released its initial betting lines for what team James will open on in the 2018-19 NBA season.
The Miami Heat is one of eight teams that made the list. Its 25-to-1 odds (+2500), though, are tied for the worst among the potential candidates, along with the San Antonio Spurs and Los Angeles Clippers.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The Cavaliers (+180) and the Philadelphia 76ers (+185) are the clear favorites.
The other three teams: the Houston Rockets (+270), the Los Angeles Lakers (+300) and the Golden State Warriors (+1600)
James, 33, is in the second year of a three-year, $100 million contract with the Cavaliers. However, James' contract has a player option following the 2018 season, meaning James can decide whether to play one more season in Cleveland or head to free agency.
They spent four seasons in Miami (2010-2014) as part of the Big 3 era with Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh. The Heat reached the NBA Finals all four seasons and won back-to-back NBA Championships in 2012 and 2013.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miami welcomes the three kings of the Miami Heat as Lebron James, Dwyane Wade, and Chris Bosh join the NBA team in a spectacular show at AmericanAirlines Arena on Friday July 9, 2010. McClatchy
Come next season, James could find themselves in a new place, leading a new team to newfound heights.
For now, James will be in a familiar place when the 2018 NBA Finals get underway on Thursday. James will be playing in the best-of-7 series for an eighth straight season and is looking for their fourth NBA Championship in that span and second with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Farren Marie Lane, left, and Logan Brooke Larrimore, both 18, were each charged with third-degree burglary, jail records showed. . Myrtle Beach Police Department
More Videos
2:18 Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07 James Johnson talks about their time with the Heat and their future plans
0:26 Heat's Dion Waiters talks about preparing for next season
0:54 Dragic: 'I would trade .500 for making the playoffs.'
1:21 Haslem: 'They have nothing to be ashamed of.'
2:43 Dragic on Nets decision to rest players: "Maybe they're just tired."
1:57 Whiteside on Waiters' comeback, Heat's turnaround
2:00 Dragic: "Everything we've worked for is to make the playoffs."
2:23 Haslem: 'Including the Big 3 teams, this is probably one of the more fun teams I've been around.'
2:22 Ellington: "We're excited about this road trip."
2:27 Dragic says Heat needs to get off better starts, execute late
The man who may have started the process that led Twitter to shut down President Donald Trump's account early this month was quoted Wednesday as agreeing with the company that the 11-minute blackout was an accident.
The man, identified by the technology site TechCrunch as Bahtiyar Duysak, is quoted as saying they were working on their last day as a contractor on Twitter's help desk on Nov. 2 when they received one of the many user reports Twitter gets every day complaining about the president's rhetoric.
In a video of the interview posted with the TechCrunch article, the man identified as Duysak says they simply fielded the complaint and started Twitter's process to review and take action on it.
NBC News hasn't verified TechCrunch's identification of Duysak as having been involved in the incident. A spokesperson for Twitter confirmed to NBC News on Wednesday night that a man named Bahtiyar Duysak had worked for the company but said Twitter couldn't comment on former employees "to protect our internal security measures."
Related: Departing employee knocked Trump off Twitter for 11 minutes
In the TechCrunch video, the man, whom TechCrunch said it interviewed in Germany, indicates that they don't believe they were the person directly responsible for the shutdown of the president's account, often referring to "this person" and "him," not to "me" or "I."
"If I am involved in this, I really apologize if I hurt anyone. I didn't do anything on purpose," they say, describing the episode as "definitely a mistake."
The explanations that Twitter gave at the time closely match the account given by the man identified as Duysak.
Twitter first said that Trump's account "was inadvertently deactivated due to human error by a Twitter employee." Later, the company said: "Through our investigation we have learned that this was done by a Twitter customer support employee who did this on the employee's last day. We are conducting a full internal review."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Nov. 3: Twitter employee shuts down trump's account on last day of work 1:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Twitter spokesperson said Wednesday night: "We have taken a number of steps to keep an incident like this from happening again."
In the TechCrunch interview, the man identified as Duysak says they have been hounded by the media since they left Twitter and simply wants to "continue an ordinary life."
"I don't want to flee from the media," they say. "I want to speak to my neighbors and friends. I had to delete hundreds of friends, so many pictures, because reporters are stalking me."
Just gonna say it, the employee at Twitter who shut off Trump's account for 11 mins could become a candidate for the Nobel Peace Prize. — David Jolly (@DavidJollyFL) November 3, 2017
Asked about theirs having been hailed as a "hero" and worthy of the Nobel Peace Price by critics of the president, the man — again referring to "this person" and "him," not as "me" or "I" — calls such messages "just comments.”
“Not one little mistake of one human being can lead to such a result,” they say. “I think it's all about a number of coincidences."
Sharkey Penn Scholarship Golf Tournament June 2
St. Mary Catholic School will host the 2018 edition of the Sharkey Penn Scholarship Golf Tournament on Saturday, June 2, 2018.
Registration is at 9 a.m. and Tee Time will be at 10 a.m. at the Hillsboro Elks Golf Course.
There will be a 50/50 Drawing, Raffle Prizes and an Auction in addition to the Hole In One Contest Sponsored by Jerry Haag Motors.
The cost to sponsor a team is $200 and the cost to sponsor a hole is $100.
To sponsor a team, a hole or make a donation, contact Saint Mary Catholic School/Darlene Smith at 840-9932
Baseball card appraiser in town June 3
Are you wondering what your childhood shoebox baseball card collection is worth? What about that Babe Ruth signed baseball passed down from grandpa?
Certified vintage sports card/memorabilia expert appraiser Michael Osacky said this week they will be in Hillsboro on June 3rd. Osacky writes about the industry for Parade Magazine and works with former professional sports players and their families. In 2017, Forbes Magazine named Osacky the “Dean of Cracker Jack” Baseball Cards.
Osacky will be offering free appraisals. Call 312-379-9099 or email info@baseballintheattic.com for more details.
Commitment Baseball School in Hillsboro June 4-7
Commitment Baseball School director Chris Veidt announces Session One at Shaffer Park in Hillsboro from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. June 4-7, 2018. Veidt will be the primary instructor.
The remaining members of the Commitment Baseball Camp Staff will consist of other select High School Head Coaches, assistant coaches, Whiteoak HS players, and some college players and assistant coaches.
Boys and girls ages 6-14 years of age can attend. Athletes can pre-register for a price of $65 or register in site for $75. Parents that wish to enroll more than one child will be charged the prices above for the first attendee and $50 for each additional sibling.
Insurance: Campers must provide their own insurance. The camp will have a professional Athletic Trainer on duty at all times.
Discipline: Any serious violation of Camp regulations will result in immediate dismissal from Camp. If a camper is dismissed from camp, there will be no refund of fees.
What to Bring: All campers should bring gloves, bats, baseball shoes, caps, catching gear (for catchers) and baseball uniform or suitable clothes for play.
Philosophy: Commitment Baseball Camp is designed to provide each camper with the fundamentals of hitting, pitching, catching, base running and defense.
Contact Chris Veidt at (937) 382-3265 with any questions or concerns.
Free Sports Physicals Available for Student Athletes
Adena Sports Medicine is offering free sports physicals for middle and high school athletes. These physicals connect student athletes with close-to-home sports medicine professionals who are skilled in evaluating and working with student athletes. During these physicals, Adena's experts will evaluate the student athlete's general health, current fitness level and discuss any existing injuries or conditions that might increase the risk of injury.
Every type of student athlete – from team members to cheerleaders to band members – is encouraged to attend.
Chillicothe: Friday, June 8 5 p.m. at Adena Rehabilitation and Wellness Center 445 Shawnee Lane
Chillicothe, Ohio.
Appointments are required by June 2. To schedule a physical, visit www.adena.org/sportsphysicals. For more information, call 740-779-7977.
Hillsboro Indians Boys Basketball Youth Camp June 18-21
The Hillsboro Indians Boys Basketball Youth Camp is scheduled to take place Monday – Thursday, June 18-21. Third, fourth and fifth grade boys will receive instruction from 9 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. and sixth, seventh and eighth grade boys will attend from 12:30 p.m. to 3 p.m.
Athletes will participate in fundamental teaching stations and lectures, competitive team contests and drills, daily team league games and contests and receive quality instruction from Hillsboro coaching staff and players.
Attendees will have to opportunity to compete to become the one on one champion, five on five champions, Hot Shot champion, Dribble Tag champion and Camper of the Week award.
Cost to attend the camp is $40 per student. Checks should be made payable to Hillsboro Athletic Department. Return registration form by June 15 to pre-register or bring registration form on the first day of camp.
Please contact HHS Athletic Department (937) 393-9325 or Head Coach Bruce Miles (937) 403-8920 with any questions.
5K Run/Walk June 23 at Highland County Fairgrounds
A 5k run/walk to benefit the American Cancer Society will be held at the Highland County Fairgrounds June 23. Registration for the event will begin at 7 a.m. and the race will start at 8 a.m.
The cost to participate is a $25 donation to the American Cancer Society. To pre-register mail registration form and money to Relay 5K, 203 N High St, Hillsboro, OH 45133. Make checks payable to The American Cancer Society. Pre-registered participants will receive a t-shirt.
For more information contact Janie Angles at 937-393-2357 or email april_flowers@yahoo.com.
2018 Highland County Shootout June 28
The 2018 Highland County Shootout will be held at Fairfield High School on June 28 starting at 10 a.m.
Schedule: 10:00 a.m. Fairfield v. McClain in the High School Gym and Hillsboro v. Whiteoak in the Middle School Gym.
10:45 a.m. Hillsboro v. McClain in the High School Gym and LC v. Whiteoak in the Middle School Gym.
11:30 a.m. Fairfield v. LC in the High School Gym and Whiteoak v. McClain in the Middle School Gym.
12:15 p.m. Fairfield v. Hillsboro in the High School Gym and LC v. McClain in the Middle School Gym.
1:00 p.m. Fairfield v. Whiteoak in the High School Gym and LC v. Hillsboro in the Middle School Gym.
Rules: There will be two 16-minute running clock halves with the clock stopping under normal timing situations the last two minutes of each half and there will be a five minute halftime.
Common fouls will result in the offended team taking the ball out except, in the last two minutes of the game, the fouled player will shoot 1 and 1.
Shooting fouls will result in one point and one shot on a two point field goal attempt, two points and one shot on three point field goal attempts. In the last two minutes of the game fouled players will shoot all free throws like in a normal game situation.
Coaches will have one timeout per half and must use it or lose it.
If the score is tied at the end of the game there will be a one minute overtime period. If a winner is not decided in the allotted time it will become a sudden death situation.
Maybe you're in a plane seat with no air conditioning and no Wi-Fi for the entirety of your flight. Or your flight was delayed for two and a half hours because of a mechanical failure. Or maybe your luggage was lost when you arrived to a foreign country, and you had to buy new clothes until it got there a few days later. While griping about your latest consumer mishap may make you feel a little better, how about getting some actual cash?
In some of these cases, you might be entitled to financial compensation to make up for some of the headache. The first step is being willing to ask for it. Here's what to do next.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Lost luggage? Bumped off your flight? How to handle vacation emergencies 4:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Know Your Options
Before you ask for compensation in any situation — especially when it comes to travel — it's a good idea to do some due diligence to find out what's reasonable.
The United States, for example, has different laws than Europe (in the former, you're not guaranteed compensation for a mechanical failure, but in the latter, passengers are entitled to up to $650). In the U.S., if you're on an overbooked flight and bumped to another one against your will, you're entitled to up to $1,350 in cash compensation.
Related: How Much Would American Carriers Refund You for a BA-Style Outage? Zilch.
For lost or damaged luggage, it's up to $1,220, says Henrik Zillmer, CEO and founder of AirHelp, an app and service that helps airline passengers get compensation from airlines for flight issues.
Be Nice
As the old adage goes: “You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.” It's true here, too. It might be best to call the airline or travel company first in order to make a personal connection and get a more immediate response.
Keep in mind that many customer service representatives have been dealing with callers with short fuses throughout the day, so you can set yourself apart by simply being nice. When they introduce themselves, say, “Hi [X], how are you today?” It “takes them aback,” says Nick Reyes of FrequentMiler.com, a site that helps you earn miles without flying.
Related: What One Flight Attendant Has to Say About Unruly Passengers
“Starting out that way inspires them to want to help.” Another pro tip? Present evidence that shows you've been a loyal or long-term customer and that you were disappointed with the situation, but make sure to separate your experience from the person you're currently speaking with. Constantly thank them as you go through the process.
Don't Settle
It's also important to be very upfront about what you're looking for as far as compensation (whether it's a credit, partial refund, full refund or some other accommodation), says Edgar Dworsky, founder of ConsumerWorld.org.
Know that sometimes the first complaint doesn't work, and you can always use the “HUCA” (Hang Up, Call Again) method to try to get someone on the line who's friendly and better suited to your request. Many airline and travel companies are also extremely responsive to customer service requests on Twitter, so you can always tweet your problem, tag the company, and ask for help.
If and when you finally get your offer of compensation, don't settle for the first offer, if you can help it. Remember, this is a negotiation. Say something like, “Well, I'd like to help you out here and get out of your way, but I was hoping for [X].” You can always ask (nicely) to speak with a supervisor if the representative you're speaking with doesn't have the authority to increase compensation. “Nine times out of 10, asking for what I want gets me a better result,” says Reyes.
With Hayden Field
KINGSTON, Ont. — Ontario Provincial Police have identified two people killed in a collision in eastern Ontario.
Police say an SUV and a tractor-trailer collided last Friday on Highway 401 in Kingston, Ont.
They say two occupants of the SUV died at the scene.
They have been identified as 33-year-old Cheng Yuan of Waterloo, Ont., and 27-year-old Meiyu Li of Burnaby, B.C.
More Videos 3:32 Betsy DeVos visits Tallahassee schools Pause 1:26 Coast Guard crews deliver medical supplies in Puerto Rico 1:09 Luxury wine machine preserves, chills and pours your beverage for $1500 2:04 Why do we still need courtroom sketch artists? 1:18 Farm Share helping to feed those still hungry after Irma 0:44 Aventura police charge woman with animal cruelty 2:29 Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler says they are comfortable with the team 1:38 Miami Dolphins Jay Cutler talks to media after practice 1:34 Miami mayor makes case for infrastructure improvements to protect from King Tide flooding 26:44 One Day with President: 24 hrs with Bolivia's Evo Morales Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
House Speaker: 'Schools of Hope will hopefully be a beautiful thing' Florida House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O'Lakes, explains why the House wants to invest $200 million to bring in high-performing charter schools as "schools of hope" to serve low-income areas in Florida that have perpetually failing traditional public schools. Florida House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O'Lakes, explains why the House wants to invest $200 million to bring in high-performing charter schools as "schools of hope" to serve low-income areas in Florida that have perpetually failing traditional public schools. The Florida Channel
Florida House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O'Lakes, explains why the House wants to invest $200 million to bring in high-performing charter schools as "schools of hope" to serve low-income areas in Florida that have perpetually failing traditional public schools. The Florida Channel
TEL AVIV — Israel is often described as "the only democracy in the Middle East." But in recent weeks it has drawn criticism from human rights organizations by taking steps to ban the pan-Arab news channel Al Jazeera.
Israel has opposed Al Jazeera for years, claiming it broadcasts biased coverage of conflicts and violence involving itself and the Palestinian territories.
The government took this one step further by pledging to ban Al Jazeera's journalists, shutter its offices and block it from the airwaves.
So what's going on?
Backed by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel's communications minister, Ayoub Kara, accused the channel of inciting violence, particularly the recent flare-ups surrounding the historic Al-Aqsa mosque that sits in an area that is holy to both Muslims and Jews.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque Reopens to Prayers as Violence Subsides 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Some opponents have claimed the whole thing is a smokescreen to distract from corruption cases surrounding Netanyahu. Others have pointed out that the ban may be near impossible to implement.
For the ban's supporters, however, the move is long overdue.
"Al Jazeera has been guilty of terrible and fundamentally unprofessional reporting that uses incitement to please their radical paymasters in the Hamas and Muslim Brotherhood," said Dan Diker at the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs, a think tank with ties to Netanyahu's government, referring to two Islamist organizations based in Gaza and Egypt respectively.
"Israel is saying, 'Enough is enough,' and that you cannot exploit our democratic system in order to assault our democratic country via your propagandistic and radical-Islamic reporting," Diker told NBC News.
The human rights organization Amnesty International disagrees.
"This is a brazen attack on media freedom in Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories," Magdalena Mughrabi, Amnesty International's deputy Middle East and North Africa director, said in a statement Monday. "The move sends a chilling message that the Israeli authorities will not tolerate critical coverage."
An employee works inside the office of the Qatar-based Al-Jazeera network in Jerusalem on Monday. Ammar Awad / Reuters
More locally, some see the development as emblematic of what they say is Israel's wider culture of silencing critical voices — particularly from the Palestinian and wider Arab world in general.
"Israel practices violence against the press and operates outside of the law. If they had anything against Al Jazeera, they would have gone to court," said Raed Othman, director of Ma'an, an independent Palestinian news agency. "Anyone who criticizes Israeli practices or policy is always accused for incitement."
Although less severe in their judgment, leading international watchdogs such as Freedom House agree that Israel has been silencing some critical voices.
Freedom House, a Washington-based non-governmental organization, said Israel "hosts a lively, pluralistic media environment in which press freedom is generally respected." However, "due to ongoing conflicts with Palestinian groups and neighboring countries," it adds, "media outlets are subject to military censorship and gag orders, and journalists often face travel restrictions."
Israel's oft-touted label of "the only democracy in the Middle East" is supported by an annual report from the Economist Intelligence Unit, a London-based consultant group.
It categorizes Israel as a "flawed democracy," the second-highest category in its rating system and one that includes no other Middle Eastern nation. States and territories such as Lebanon, Turkey, and Palestine are only classified as "hybrid regimes" between democracy and authoritarianism.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM JUNE 9: Trump Says Nations Have Called on Me to Confront Qatar's Terror Ties 1:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But the move to ban Al Jazeera does place Israel as an unlikely bedfellow alongside some authoritarian Arab states. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, and Jordan have all called for Al Jazeera to be banned as part of a wider diplomatic dispute with Qatar.
"What is ridiculous is that a country that boasts of being a democratic model for the regions falls into line with countries that are notorious enemies of media freedom," Reporters Without Borders said in a statement.
"Instead of taking advantage of the desire of certain Gulf states to censor Al Jazeera for purely political reasons, the Israeli authorities could instead set an example by defending media pluralism, which is essential," it added.
In calling for the ban on Sunday, Kara, the communications minister, even appeared to refer to this common ground.
"Lately, almost all countries in our region determined that Al Jazeera supports terrorism, supports religious radicalization," the communications minister said, according to The Associated Press.
An employee watches a television in the office of Qatar-based Al-Jazeera network in Jerusalem on Monday. Ammar Awad / Reuters
At the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs, however, Diker maintained that Israel's motives were not the same as its Gulf Arab neighbors.
"Clearly there is a fundamental difference," they said. "Israel was founded on a fundamentally democratic ideal, in which freedom of the press and expression is a fundamental part of its national identity culture. In the situation of the Gulf states and the Saudis, they are all [trying to shut] Al Jazeera in their boycott of Qatar."
They added that "each country has its own national interests for taking action against Al Jazeera."
In reality, the ban may be very difficult — if not impossible — to implement.
Removing the credentials of Al Jazeera journalists, blocking its broadcasts and changing Israeli law would require cooperation from a web of security services, private companies and the parliament, a time-consuming and uncertain process.
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz also points out that "most Al Jazeera viewers in Israel's Arab sector don't watch its broadcasts through national cable or satellite companies, but through private satellite dishes that receive hundreds of channels from Arab countries. Israeli authorities have no control over these channels."
It concluded: "In practice, Al Jazeera will continue to broadcast as usual."
We use cookies to personalize content, features and ads. We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services.
The start of the school year also marks the opening of a new student postal and package center, which was previously located at Wells Hall. The new location, at 113 Shriver Center, officially started receiving and delivering mail Aug. 3.
The new mail and package center will be similar to the old system, but will be more efficient, said Matthew Frericks, senior director of auxiliary planning and facilities.
The most significant addition is the use of storage lockers where students will access their individual packages using a self-serve system. Now, rather than students having to receive their packages from an employee, they will pick up the package straight from an automated locker.
Packages coming from UPS, Fed-Ex and DHL are loaded directly into the lockers, increasing speed.
“This helps out when students are tracking their packages,” said Frericks. “When they get the delivered notification from the company, they also get one from us.”
At the Wells Hall location, Frericks said, the packages were sometimes held for a longer time before the student could pick them up because the center received up to 2,000 packages a day.
When a student's package arrives, the student will receive an email notification. That student will have a total of 24 hours to retrieve the package from the lockers. Lockers are accessible 24/7 with the use of students' Miami ID's.
After the initial 24 hours, packages will be moved to the customer service area where they will be kept for 48 hours before being returned to the sender. The customer service area is open Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. and Saturday 11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
In the email notification, students will be given a pickup code and a barcode, to either enter or scan to receive open the locker with the package. There are thirteen sections of lockers, and students are told in the email which locker to open.
Students can have a friend pick up a package from the lockers for them by forwarding the email.
There are several different-sized lockers to accommodate packages of different volumes, but if a student orders a package too large to fit in any of the lockers, it will be accessible through the customer service area.
The new center is built to accommodate all of the university's mail and package needs and has built-in refrigeration and other accommodations for students' medications, flowers and other items that require special storage.
Students also have the option to go to the new package center website and request package delivery to their residential hall.
Students will also still be able to send mail and ship packages through the student package center.
Students still must have the correct package labeling to use the package center and must include the following:
Student Name
Residence Hall Name and Room #
Residence Hall Street Address
Comments
By AMY TAXIN
Associated Press
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) - A man was due in court Friday after being charged in the killing of a University of Pennsylvania student who was found buried in a shallow grave at a park not far from their family's Southern California home.
Authorities say Samuel Woodward, 20, of Newport Beach, killed 19-year-old sophomore Blaze Bernstein, who was home in the city of Lake Forest for winter break. Authorities say the two attended the Orange County School of the Arts but did not know if they were friends at the time.
Bernstein was missing for a week after going out with Woodward the night of Jan. 2, according to authorities. Police searched for them with help from drone pilots and found their body at a neighborhood park in the community 50 miles (80 kilometers) southeast of Los Angeles after rain partially exposed it.
Woodward is charged with murder and an enhancement for use of a knife.  They are being held without bail.
Bernstein was gay and Jewish, and authorities are investigating the possibility of a hate crime.
Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas declined to discuss whether authorities believe Bernstein was killed because they were gay but told reporters Friday that the case showed the need to change state law to include sexual orientation and gender as motivating factors for more serious murder charges.
State Sen. Janet Nguyen said they were proposing legislation to make the change.
A murder charge with special circumstances, which now include race, religion and other categories, is eligible for the death penalty or a sentence of life without parole.
According to a court filing obtained by the Orange County Register, Woodward told investigators that they became angry after Bernstein kissed them the night they went to the park.
If convicted of the charge and enhancement, Woodward could face as much as 26 years to life in prison.
At college, Bernstein was studying psychology and was recently chosen to edit a campus culinary magazine. Hundreds of people attended a candlelight vigil for them and their funeral.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The judge aboard BBC's new singing show says the contest is more about having fun than a life-changing prize
The Voice, The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent: all have struggled to produce a global superstar in recent years. So, could new BBC1 talent contest All Together Now finally gift us a performer who'll be a household name for generations? Answer: probably not.
Advertisement
Not our words, but the (fairly paraphrased) ones of Geri Horner, who'll be leading the show's panel of 100 all-singing all-jazz-handing judges. Speaking to RadioTimes.com and other pressa bout the what the show can offer contestants, the former Spice Girl said: “It's not promising to over-deliver or change your life. It's just a moment. [The contestants] are ordinary people. Maybe they don't look like pop stars, but they just want a go and I love that!
“And maybe they're not that well-trained, but they've thought ‘you know what, I sing this down the pub and I've been told I did it well' […] This show is about making people feel good. They're not going to be the best, but that's okay.”
Presenter Rob Beckett also agrees that All Together Now has a more laid-back attitude than other talent shows. “It's just happy and positive – it's not a big stress!” they said. “There's quite a nice prize at the end, but it's not ‘This is a career-defining competition!'. It's ‘come on, win a few quid if you want it!'”
But what kind of singer would prefer £50,000 over a major record contract? Won't All Together Now attract a lower calibre of contestant than you can see on The X Factor? Not necessarily, argues Beckett: “Because there's just a bit of money up for grabs, we get people that are of a really high standard that earn a good amount of money on the circuit doing shows. They won't want to do X Factor and such because it's such a commitment. Instead, they can go into this, show what they can do and then go back to what they do with a bit of spending money.”
In other words, if you want to catch the next performer of the generation making their TV debut then it's best you don't tune in. However, if you want to spend Saturday nights having a singsong with Ginger Spice and 99 other excitable judges then All Together Now might just be for you.
Advertisement
All Together Now starts Saturday 27th January on BBC1
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Seattle Seahawks defensive end Quinton Jefferson was jogging off the field when something whizzed by their head.
Jefferson stopped, pulled off their helmet and headed toward a rowdy section of fans.
Jefferson pushed aside security guards and started jawing with the spectators. Just when it looked like Jefferson was about to walk away for good, what looked like a cup of beer came flying out of the seats. That prompted Jefferson to rush toward the stands and start trying to climb up. They had to be restrained, pulled back by their shoulder pads, and escorted to the locker room.
It was an ugly ending to an exciting game.
The Jacksonville Jaguars felt what happened on the field was even worse.
The Jaguars (9-4) took exception to the way the Seahawks (8-5) handled the final snaps , two kneel-downs in the closing seconds of Jacksonville's 30-24 victory.
“There's no room in the game for that,” tight end Marcedes Lewis said. “You see we're kneeling. You can get somebody hurt. We're out there trying to kneel. There are no timeouts. You guys can't stop the clock, so why try to hurt somebody?
“We had 60 minutes to handle that. The last 30 seconds, while we're kneeling, you're going to spear somebody in the legs? That's not cool.”
Seattle scored twice on long passes in the fourth quarter, with Russell Wilson finding Paul Richardson for 61 yards and then Tyler Lockett for 74 yards. The second one cut the lead to 30-24, and the Seahawks got one last chance to tie or take the lead. But Wilson misfired on a fourth-and-9 play near midfield.
Leonard Fournette iced the game with a 13-yard run on a third-and-11 play. Jacksonville tried to run out the clock from there, but the Seahawks wouldn't go quietly.
Defensive tackle Michael Bennett dived at centre Brandon Linder's knees, setting off a near-melee. Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch, and Fournette went after Bennett.
More pushing and shoving ensued after Bortles' next kneel-down, and Jefferson was tossed.
Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field. Carroll walked into Seattle's huddle to settle down theirs players.
“We have to be more poised than that,” Carroll said. “We didn't have a chance to get the ball back then, and I was trying to get our guys to not carry it any further. They were trying to fight to get the ball back, and there wasn't the chance to do it at that point. I was just trying to slow them down.
“I just tried to make a statement to our guys so we didn't finish with any more garbage happening out there.”
Carroll said Jefferson “just kind of lost it.”
“Somebody poured a beer on their head walking out of the stadium or something,” Carroll said. “I told them that's pro football. They pay to get in. They can do whatever they want, I guess, so that's what happened.”
The game had a few chippy moments, with Seattle guard Germain Ifedi getting flagged for taunting a referee following a holding call and tight end Jimmy Graham getting penalized for unnecessary roughness for a late hit out of bounds.
But the bigger exchanges happened with the game decided.
“Nobody likes to lose, but at the end of the day, this is our profession,” Jaguars defensive tackle Malik Jackson said. “We have to start acting right and be professionals. That's twice now that teams have gone against us and wanted to act out. We're just socking them in the mouth and getting them a little upset. We're going to keep doing it. That doesn't bother us.”
Jackson was referring to the Cincinnati-Jacksonville game early last month, in which Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey and Bengals receiver A.J. Green were ejected for fighting. Green attacked Ramsey at the end of a play and threw them to the ground in a choke hold.
“It's a little bit of people aren't used to getting beat like that by the Jaguars,” quarterback Blake Bortles said. “There is no reason to take anything from anybody. We just beat the crap out of you for 60 minutes.
“I think obviously you have to be smart and understand the situation and what is going on and not do anything stupid. I think this team definitely plays with a little bit of an edge.”
Bennett and Jefferson declined comment, but Bennett ripped a reporter who attempted to ask Jefferson about the incident.
“He's not an animal,” Bennett said. “He's a human being, so get out of here. How would you like it if one of your kids was playing sports and somebody poured beer on him?”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
JEDDAH: The Riyadh Specialized Criminal Court on Wednesday issued a preliminary verdict of 13 years in prison against a Saudi found guilty of pledging allegiance to a foreign country (Iran) that has shown hostility to Saudi Arabia.
The defendant was proven guilty of several charges including insulting the Kingdom; describing the country as a tyrant and exerting oppressing people; insulting and cursing Sunni doctrine and its people; cursing and insulting security authorities and describing them with unfit and disrespectful phrases; showing disrespect to the judicial council; possessing pornographic content; and communicating with the terrorist organization Hezbollah via Al-Manar television channel, seeking to work with it.
The prion sentence will be effective from the date of their detention.
They ordered that the devices found in their possession be confiscated, and after serving their term, they are banned from traveling outside the Kingdom for the same length of time as their sentence, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 6 of the Travel Documents Law.
JEDDAH: The Riyadh Specialized Criminal Court on Wednesday issued a preliminary verdict of 13 years in prison against a Saudi found guilty of pledging allegiance to a foreign country (Iran) that has shown hostility to Saudi Arabia.
The defendant was proven guilty of several charges including insulting the Kingdom; describing the country as a tyrant and exerting oppressing people; insulting and cursing Sunni doctrine and its people; cursing and insulting security authorities and describing them with unfit and disrespectful phrases; showing disrespect to the judicial council; possessing pornographic content; and communicating with the terrorist organization Hezbollah via Al-Manar television channel, seeking to work with it.
The prion sentence will be effective from the date of their detention.
They ordered that the devices found in their possession be confiscated, and after serving their term, they are banned from traveling outside the Kingdom for the same length of time as their sentence, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 6 of the Travel Documents Law.
COLUMBIA, S.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--South State Corporation (NASDAQ: SSB) today released its unaudited results of operations and other financial information for the three-month period ended March 31, 2018. Highlights for the first quarter of 2018 include the following:
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005445/en/
First quarter 2018 financial results: Net income was $42.3 million, compared with $2.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of $39.9 million Diluted EPS of $1.15, compared with $0.08, an increase of $1.07 Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) was $51.2 million, compared to $41.4 million, a 23.8% increase, or $9.9 million Adjusted diluted EPS (non-GAAP) of $1.39, compared to $1.30, a 6.9% increase During the first quarter of 2018, there were three items driven primarily by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act) which was signed into law on December 22, 2017: (1) paid $2.8 million in bonuses to all employees; (2) reduced income tax provision by approximately $6.8 million; and (3) increased the cash dividend for shareholders to $0.34 per share, up $0.01 per share over last quarter. Performance ratios first quarter 2018 compared to fourth quarter 2017 Return on average assets totaled 1.19% compared to 0.08% Adjusted return on average assets (non-GAAP) was 1.44% compared to 1.33% Return on average equity totaled 7.41% compared to 0.51% Return on average tangible equity (non-GAAP) was 14.69% compared to 1.59% Adjusted return on average tangible equity (non-GAAP) increased to 17.60% from 15.83% Efficiency ratio was 67.2% down from 68.5%, due primarily to lower merger costs associated with the Park Sterling Corporation (“Park Sterling” or “PSTB”) merger Adjusted efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) was 60.7% up from 57.0% (excluding merger-related and conversion expenses and securities gains, net) Balance sheet linked quarter Cash and cash equivalents increased by $266.9 million Net loan growth for the quarter totaled $15.3 million, or 0.58% annualized, as the overall loan portfolio continues to remix Noninterest bearing deposits increased by $73.4 million, or 9.8% annualized increase; and interest bearing deposits increased by $56.9 million, or 2.7% annualized Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements increased $70.7 million to $357.6 million during the quarter Shareholders' equity increased $13.7 million, primarily from net income, net of the dividends paid of $30.2 million offset by accumulated other comprehensive loss (“AOCI”) of $17.0 million, net of tax, primarily within the available for sale securities portfolio Total equity to total assets decreased to 15.81% from 15.96% Tangible equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) decreased to 9.20% from 9.23% Asset quality Nonperforming assets (NPAs) decreased by $2.0 million, or 5.7%, to $34.0 million at March 31, 2018 from the level at December 31, 2017, and was down $4.6 million, or 12.0% from March 31, 2017 NPAs to total assets improved to 0.23% at March 31, 2018, from 0.25% at December 31, 2017 and from 0.35% at March 31, 2017 Net charge offs on non-acquired loans were 0.02% annualized, or $367,000, compared to $265,000, or 0.02% annualized in the fourth quarter of 2017. Compared to the first quarter of 2017, net charge offs totaled $628,000, or 0.05% annualized. Net charge offs on acquired non-credit impaired loans were 0.02% annualized, or $169,000, compared to 0.07% annualized, or $402,000 in the fourth quarter of 2017. In the first quarter of 2017, net charge-offs were 0.08% annualized, or $326,000. Coverage ratio of ALLL on non-acquired non-performing loans was 316% at March 31, 2018 compared to 293% at December 31, 2017 and 295% at March 31, 2017.
Quarterly Cash Dividend
The Board of Directors of South State Corporation declared a quarterly cash dividend on April 19, 2018, of $0.34 per share payable on its common stock. This per share amount is higher by $0.01 per share, or 3.0% compared to last quarter and the same quarter one year ago. The dividend will be payable on May 18, 2018 to shareholders of record as of May 11, 2018.
Durbin Impact
Effective July 1, 2018, the cap on interchange fees under the Durbin amendment will be in place for the Company. We continue to refine this estimate of lower interchange income, and expect this to total approximately $8.5 million (pre-tax) during the last half of 2018.
The Company reported consolidated net income of $42.3 million, or $1.15 per diluted common share for the three-months ended March 31, 2018, a $39.9 million increase from the fourth quarter of 2017. Interest income was up $20.2 million primarily as a result of an increase in non-acquired loan interest income of $2.6 million during the first quarter, and from an increase of $16.1 million from acquired loan interest income due to a full quarter of acquired loans from PSTB. In addition, investment securities income increased by $1.6 million due primarily to the addition of the PSTB securities portfolio held for the full quarter. Interest expense increased by $3.5 million, with $1.5 million increase from transaction and money market accounts, $1.1 million attributable to certificate and other time deposits and $702,000 increase in other borrowings. These increases in interest expense were related to the merger with PSTB and increases in interest rates within most categories. The Company's cost of funds was 0.41% for the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 0.12% from the fourth quarter of 2017. Compared to the first quarter of 2017, cost of funds increased by 0.19% which is primarily the result of the addition of Park Sterling funding cost which historically was higher than legacy South State's. The total provision for loan losses decreased $1.4 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Valuation allowance (impairment) related to acquired loans was $1.1 million lower than in the fourth quarter of 2017, as multiple pools had releases and improved cash flows, offset by certain valuation impairments recognized on acquired credit impaired loan pools. The provision for loan losses related to acquired non-credit impaired loans was lower by $233,000, compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. The provision for loan losses on non-acquired loans was flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Noninterest income increased by $4.4 million within all categories due primarily to having Park Sterling for the full quarter. Salaries and employee benefits included $2.8 million in bonuses paid to all employees during the quarter in response to the Tax Act. Most noninterest expense categories were higher for the first quarter of 2018 due to the full quarter impact of Park Sterling operations.
Income Tax Expense
During the first quarter of 2018, the Company's effective income tax rate was 21.05%, or $11.3 million, reflective of the Tax Act signed in December 2017. The effective tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2017 was 32.55%, excluding the charge taken to revalue all deferred tax items. This reduced rate allowed us to earn back approximately $6.8 million of the $26.6 million charge recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017. We currently expect to earn back this charge in 2018.
“We are pleased with the progress in the first quarter of 2018 in all areas of the company. We successfully completed the Park Sterling system conversion this past weekend and are excited to build upon this merger,” said Robert R. Hill Jr., CEO of South State Corporation. “South State is very well positioned to leverage the talent of the combined companies and capitalize on growth opportunities.”
This article has been truncated. You can see the rest of this article by visiting http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005445/en.
The Moto X4 is an okay phone, but it's tough to recommend at $400. However, Google's Project Fi just started selling the phone for much less. You can get the Moto X4 for a mere $249 on Fi right now, making this a smoking hot deal.
The Moto X4 sold on Project Fi is the Android One variant, which has a few software differences compared to the retail version sold by Motorola. There's no Alexa integration or multi-device Bluetooth streaming. It got its Oreo update a little faster, though, so maybe it's worth the tradeoff. You also get a water-resistant chassis, a 1080p LCD, and a Snapdragon 630 SoC. The dual 12MP camera setup is better than devices you can get for $250, too.
Get the power-packed Android One Moto X⁴ on Project Fi—now just $249.https://t.co/oaPvro55TW pic.twitter.com/NTW4ENkke8 — Project Fi (@projectfi) February 2, 2018
This discount is applied during Fi checkout automatically. However, you need to activate the phone on Fi within 30 days. If you don't, Google will charge you the full price of the phone. There's no minimum length of service needed to qualify for the discount. You can sign up for the lowest Fi plan and cancel it immediately. The Android One Moto X4 is a universal unlocked phone, so it'll work on any carrier.
Georgia GymDog Vivi Babalis, a native of Montreal, can speak three languages -- English, French and Greek. Steffenie Burns Georgia Sports Communications
PREVIEW: After the Party
Just hours after 28-year-old Ashley Fallis says goodbye to guests at their New Year's Eve Party, they are killed. Four years later it would be up to a jury to decide whether it was suicide or murder. Keith Morrison reports Sunday February 19 at 7/6c.
BUCHAREST, Romania — Constantin Reliu learned in January that they were dead.
After more than 20 years of working as a cook in Turkey, the 63-year-old returned home to Romania to discover that their wife had had them officially registered as dead.
They have since been living a legalistic nightmare of trying to prove to authorities that they are, in fact, alive. They faced a major setback Thursday when a court in the northeastern city of Vaslui refused to overturn their death certificate because their request was filed "too late."
Constantin Reliu poses for a portrait at their home on March 16, 2018 in the eastern town of Barlad. Adrian Arnautu / AFP - Getty Images
The decision, the court said, is final.
"I am a living ghost," Reliu told The Associated Press in a phone interview Friday from their home in Barlad, northeastern Romania.
"I am officially dead, although I'm alive," they said. "I have no income and because I am listed as dead, I can't do anything."
During the interview, Reliu was deeply emotional, starting off by saying "I think I am going to cry" and going on to voice rage and a desire for revenge against their wife, who now lives in Italy.
"I am not sure whether I am divorced or not," they said. "I am not sure whether they are married to someone else or not. Nobody will tell me."
Reliu explained that they first went to work in Turkey in 1992 and returned in 1995 to the first big shock of their marriage — their wife's infidelity. In 1999, they decided to return to Turkey for good.
The AP was not able to locate their wife to hear their side of the story.
Last December Turkish authorities detained them over expired papers and in January deported them to Romania.
Upon landing at Bucharest airport, they were informed by border officials that they had been officially declared dead and underwent six hours of questioning and tests.
They measured the distance between their eyes to see if it corresponded to an old passport photograph; they asked them questions about their home town, such as where the town hall was; they checked their fingerprints.
"They decided that it was me!" they said.
But authorities in Barlad were less convinced. They spent weeks trying to persuade them to issue them papers so that they officially "existed," they said. When that failed, they asked them to overturn the ruling on their death certificate, issued in 2016, which also ended in failure Thursday on procedural grounds.
Reliu said they would like to file a fresh lawsuit but has no money and suffers from diabetes, which makes everything more difficult.
They also said they have been banned for life from returning to Turkey but would like to write to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to appeal the decision.
Deshaun Watson gives Bill O'Brien vote of confidence
If Houston Texans coach Bill O'Brien's job is in any danger, the team's braintrust may want to give some thought to Deshaun Watson's thoughts.
O'Brien answered questions about their job status on Monday as they slowly head toward the final year of their five-year deal. Despite a 4-9 season, O'Brien made clear they expect — and wants — to return as coach.
#Texans coach Bill O'Brien says they want to be back in Houston next year, that they love coaches these players and working with these coaches. … I'm thinking having Deshaun Watson back will be nice, too. — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) December 11, 2017
If there was any doubt, Watson, currently recovering from a torn ACL, gave O'Brien a vote of confidence in response.
& I want OB with me! https://t.co/nQvzmfYFmx — Deshaun Watson (@deshaunwatson) December 11, 2017
There was some talk a year ago that O'Brien may leave Houston, and that was in a year they made the playoffs. The Texans have yet to weigh in on their future, but they were doing well until Watson's injury, which should be taken into account.
An elderly lady was threatened at knifepoint by two teenagers on their own doorstep in Bellshill last week.
Around 9.20pm on Thursday (August 10) the 80-year-old was at home in Clay Crescent when they answered their door to two men who asked for money for charity.
The two suspects then entered the house and one of the men threatened them with a knife and demanded money, however they left empty-handed.
The woman was uninjured, however they were badly shaken as a result of the incident.
The first suspect is described as white, aged around 17 years, 5'4” tall and of slim build with short black hair. They may have been wearing glasses.
The second suspect is described as white, aged around 18 years, 5'6” tall and of slim build. They were wearing a grey top.
Detective Constable Karen Murray of Wishaw Police Office said: “Our enquiries are continuing today to trace these two men.
“To deliberately target an elderly member of our community is cowardly and absolutely heartless.
“Enquiries have revealed that these two men have been seen in recent days in the Hattonrigg area of Bellshill collecting money for charity.
“I would ask residents to be on their guard and if anyone has any information that will identify them or assist with the police enquiry, then please contact Wishaw Police Office through 101 quoting reference number 4234 of 10th August.
“Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
By Abby Hassler
Lil Uzi Vert just became the world's biggest Marilyn Manson fan by dropping $220,000 on a brand-new chain featuring Manson rocking Mickey Mouse ears, according to TMZ.
Celebrity jeweler Ben Baller presented the chain from IF & Co. Jewelers to Uzi this Sunday (April 16). Uzi wore the new piece, which features 16,000 diamonds and totals 155 carats at Coachella this past weekend.
Related: Iggy Azalea Debuts New Song ‘Can't Lose' with Lil Uzi Vert
On social media, Baller wrote, “@liluzivert goin crazy again. This time I made them a 100-carat VS diamond spiked choker bike chain and a 55-carat black & white diamond Marilyn Manson pendant… This year has been insane. And this is in the top 3 piece I've ever made in my career and Uzi already has a piece in my top 5 as well. @IFANDCO IS THE ONLY SHOP making custom link chains with invisible locks! We're the only ones putting diamond baguettes as teeth inside custom pieces. Remember spaceships don't come equipped with rearview mirrors! 🚀 #LuvIsRage2 coming soon! 🤘🏼 #LILUZI #IFANDCO #MarilynManson #VVS #BlackDiamonds #DiamondBaguettes #CognacDiamonds #CustomJewelry #NOCVDs #GAMEOVER 💀”
Check out Uzi's unusual bling below.
Stidham Named Auburn Starting Quarterback
by Rashad Snell
Jarrett Stidham will be Auburn's starting quarterback for the opener against Georgia Southern.
Tigers coach Gus Malzahn announced in a Twitter post Monday that they had just informed the team of the decision. Malzahn posted that “the team is excited for Jarrett and ready for the season.”
The 6-foot-3, 214-pound sophomore enrolled in January and beat out returning starter Sean White. Auburn opens Sept. 2 at Jordan-Hare Stadium.
Stidham was the offensive MVP in Auburn's spring game, when White was sidelined while recovering from surgery to repair a broken right forearm sustained in the Sugar Bowl loss to Oklahoma.
Stidham passed for 1,165 yards and 12 touchdowns as a first-year student at Baylor in 2015. They arrived in Auburn after spending last fall at a junior college with no football program.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
I grew up in Houston, Texas. It may surprise you to learn that Houston is the most diverse city in the nation; most people assume it's New York or Los Angeles. But the thing about those latter two cities is that they're really expensive to live in and there are few jobs that pay anything close to what the cost of living is. There are plenty of jobs in Houston, which has a low cost of living, and people move from everywhere, including from within the continental U.S., for that reason.
I went to a high school with over 2000 students; there were over 500 students in my graduating class. I don't know the exact racial or ethnic breakdown, but I did not go to a “white” school. My offhand guess is that whites had the largest percentage but that it wasn't a majority over other races and ethnicities altogether. And, though I hated my particular Southern Baptist neighborhood of wanna-be-rich-looking poser yuppies, it was a gift to go to my diverse high school.
At least once per month, sometimes twice, we would have a “culture day.” We had after-school clubs that focused on so many different ethnic backgrounds – we had a culture club that focused on every heritage in school that could be identified: Mexican, South Korean, Japanese, African-American, Indian/Pakistani, Vietnamese…these are just the ones I remember. I think there was a German one, too, because I swear everyone in my school who was white had German ancestry.
On any given culture day, the kids in that group would bring traditional food for everyone to sample during lunch, often wearing the clothing that their parents would have worn prior to coming to the U.S., and usually explained and demonstrated some sort of dance or something. I remember when I covered African-American culture day for the school newspaper one person in the club demonstrated some of what happens at a Pentecostal church service – that was exciting, to say the least!
None of these clubs were exclusionary – you could show up at a Vietnamese meeting regardless of your color and help make spring rolls, or help figure out what to do with the sauerkraut at the German club. Each one celebrated different American heritages. Food unites people – culture days were everyone's favorite in the cafeteria.
It was a shocker for me when I went to graduate school in Lubbock, Texas, which I came to think of as the “dark side” of Texas. Everyone I saw there was white, which was really weird all on its own, and then, six months in, a Lubbock native said to me, “Well, of course Lubbock's diverse! Those people are all on the other side of the highway!”
I was horrified. “Those” people?!
I was so happy when I finally got out of that godawful, archaic, ignorant place that I cried when I got out of the city limits with my Uhaul. Maybe I should have had the courage to try to change it…I look at what's just happened in Charlottesville, and I just know at least a couple of those jerks marched right on over there from the panhandle of freaking Texas. Could I have used my white privilege to change anyone's perspective before I fled?
I'm not sure, but I should have tried.
Now I live in Maine, the whitest state in the nation. It's not Lubbock, though; unlike Texas' dark side, here, I see a willingness to open up and evolve. We do not like the idea of being racists or white supremacists – those things are not acceptable or admired here.
What we lack, though, is any concrete understanding of our own racial privilege and, even more so, comprehension of how we might be able to use that privilege to advance this country's race relations. We have people of color on the midcoast; they own businesses and live alongside us rather than in some sort of separate, grotesque segregation. However, how might their experiences on the midcoast differ from that of a white person?
Maybe we should ask.
I know that at one elementary school where I work, an African American kiddo was brave enough to point out to the principal that there were no posters of kids that looked like him/her. The principal was aghast at this realization and moved to change that immediately – and not just for the African-American kid! It's a positive visual for ALL of the kids to see that being white is not any more “normal” than being of color. I heard this story and was inspired to go home and look at my children's books – and the only book that had a person of color in it was one of my favorites, Corduroy. I began working on changing that immediately.
We should all change that immediately – the earlier we start, the more dramatically we can dismantle this dull, hurtful, monochromatic “normalcy” we have created.
Halfway to the playoffs, and two stories are emerging in NASCAR's premier series with one common theme: Points.
There are the playoff points that Kyle Busch and Kevin Harvick are accumulating at a rate quick enough that half of this year's championship field might be sewed up by September.
And then there are the “regular” points that will become even more of a scramble over the next 13 races to snatch whatever berths remain in the 16-driver playoff field.
There have been six winners through the first 13 races, mostly because of Busch (four victories) and Harvick (five). If the two hottest drivers in NASCAR's premier series can maintain their torrid pace, and if some combination of Martin Truex Jr., Joey Logano, Clint Bowyer and Austin Dillon also can repeat (which seems likely), there probably will be more spots available on points than ever in the five seasons the playoffs were reconfigured in 2014.
The playoff lineup is filled first by winners, and if there are fewer than 16, the remaining slots are awarded on points. The record for most points-eligible qualifiers was five in 2015 (Jamie McMurray, Jeff Gordon, Ryan Newman, Paul Menard and Bowyer), and there seems a good chance for at least as many or more this year.
As NASCAR grinds through the grueling summer stretch with slick racetracks and oppressive heat, the tension could ratchet up against the backdrop of a points race – particularly with a fresh 2018 schedule that includes another 1.5-mile track (Chicagoland) and a new cutoff race.
In the regular-season finale Sept. 9 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, NASCAR seems to be learning toward using the All-Star Race rules package that mixes restrictor plates and aero ducts to bunch the field.
The current championship standings should make it a no-brainer, given there is virtually no chance of having 16 playoff berths for 16 winners.
If there is a points battle of, say, more than a dozen drivers vying for the last six or seven playoff berths, it could turn the Brickyard into the free-for-all that the 2.5-mile track desperately needs to help reinvigorate dwindling crowds.
Though last year's race was among the most memorable because of the three-wide battles for the lead at the front, it could be even more captivating to watch several drivers duel for positions within the pack in the waning laps if the racing resembles the action produced in the All-Star Race.
Thus, Busch and Harvick inadvertently could make the Brickyard a must-watch event this season – while simultaneously turning the playoffs into a frenzied scrum of 14 drivers for two spots in Miami.
While it isn't a foregone conclusion that they will be in the championship finale, Busch (25 playoff points) and Harvick (24) are tracking ahead of where defending series champion Truex was last season (16 after 13 races). At this rate, both will claim mega-bonuses from their regular-season standings and would enter the playoffs as co-favorites.
Kyle Busch has won at Charlotte Motor Speedway, which means they have won at every track on the Cup circuit.
This STILL will be true Sept. 30 when the first race is run on Charlotte's road course. Yes, the track will carry a “Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval” designation on the schedule, and its debut will mean that they won't have won at every Cup layout.
But Busch still will have won at every track for several reasons.
Start with the fact that the “Roval” course will use all but 400 feet of the 1.5-mile oval that Busch finally conquered Sunday night in the Coca-Cola 600.
And let's remember that many famous ovals also have road courses that hold races, and there is little distinction made in designating them.
Jeff Gordon and Michael Schumacher are both five-time winner at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Will Power became a first-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 but is a four-time winner at IMS. Mario Andretti, A.J. Foyt and Jamie McMurray have multiple signature victories at Daytona International Speedway – in the Daytona 500 and Rolex 24.
NASCAR apparently will be recognizing the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval as a “new” track, which opens a Pandora's box of questions about retrofitting its record books.
Tracks rarely are given such reclassifications after repaves or reconfigurations that change the complexions of their races. The Roval layout might be on a different level, but so is Richmond Raceway's 65-year evolution.
It started as a half-mile dirt track before being paved in 1968. Two decades later, it was torn down and rebuilt as the current 0.75-mile track.
None of this is abundantly obvious (unless you have an eagle eye for varying distances) on Racing-Reference.info, the deservedly respected bible of NASCAR historical information. Richard Petty has 13 wins at Richmond – not 10 on pavement and three on dirt (which should count as much as a “new” track as turning a 1.5-mile oval into a road course).
Busch apparently was told less than an hour after becoming the first driver of the modern era to win at every track that (because NASCAR is counting the Charlotte roval as a “new” track) the record would last for four months .
How about letting them enjoy it for much longer than that? As in, until the next time a new track actually is added to the schedule?
There's always annual talk about which NASCAR driver might be the next to attempt the Indianapolis 500-Coca-Cola 600 doubleheaders.
But how about IndyCar drivers coming the other direction?
Power's Indy 500 win, coupled with their 2014 championship, should allow them to write their own ticket with team owner Roger Penske, who has IndyCar and NASCAR teams under the same roof in Mooresville, North Carolina. Power has expressed a desire to race a stock car, as have teammates Simon Pagenaud and Josesf Newgarden (who also have IndyCar titles).
“Hell, yes,” Newgarden said last week. “I love NASCAR. I think it's awesome. Open wheel cars captured me as a kid. That doesn't mean I don't like stock cars. But I also like this resurgence of drivers who say they want to do everything. I think there are a lot of guys who do want to do everything and always have.
Joked Pagenaud: “I'm very French but could do it. I can drink coffee while I drive, no problem. I can do it.”
Newgarden is frustrated by how segmented racing has become for drivers in the 21st century. “You have to have a side,” they said. “You have to choose one. I think it's so stupid. I like it all. I watch everything. I watch NASCAR stuff. We all do. We all follow that stuff. We'd all love to try it.
“When you drive for Roger, you have to first focus on what you're hired for, and you're hired to win the Indianapolis 500 and the championship, and if you do a great job at that, maybe one day you'll get an opportunity to try a stock car. I hope that happens.”
The growth of road courses in both the Xfinity (Road America is a longtime IndyCar venue) and Cup series also could offer more opportunities. James Hinchcliffe is among the IndyCar drivers who reportedly has been exploring one-off road-course rides in NASCAR.
And based how they handled single-file restarts Sunday in Indy, we wouldn't mind seeing Alexander Rossi getting a shot, too.
For the second time this season, four Chevrolet drivers (Jimmie Johnson, Jamie McMurray, Kyle Larson and Alex Bowman) finished in the top 10 at Charlotte. It also happened at Bristol Motor Speedway, but accomplishing the feat at a 1.5-mile track is an encouraging sign for a new Camaro that has seemed to lack the aerodynamic advantage of Ford and Toyota.
The impact of NASCAR's new Optical Scanning Station certainly seems to have helped Ford drivers, who have been hinting since the preseason that the new inspection system would benefit their Fusions with more rear downforce.
But the OSS also might have had an opposite effect on the Camaro, whose design and development was initiated before teams saw the system in action for the first time last fall (in demonstration mode during the playoffs).
Hendrick Motorsports recently acquired an OSS for its shop, joining several powerhouse teams that purchased theirs before the season. NASCAR managing director of competition and innovation John Probst said as many as 10 teams have OSS systems.
That isn't unusual given that teams would have their own sets of templates when NASCAR used the metal silhouettes for measurements, but Probst said the efficiency and accuracy of the OSS (which relies on two dozen high-definition cameras and projectors) makes it a more attractive option for teams.
Though NASCAR offers an OSS for teams' use at its R&D Center in Concord, North Carolina, many rely on OSS in their shops because they take measurements throughout the car-building process.
“I think we anticipated teams would buy this,” Probst said on last week's episode of the NASCAR on NBC Podcast. “Teams measuring (cars) multiple times as it goes throughout the shop, that's a very reasonable thing to do.
“There are a lot of reasons to buy the technology. It's relatively simple, the results are fairly quick and accurate. It's relatively cheaper compared to many other solutions. It's a more efficient system in general.”
Listen to Probst on the podcast via the embed below or on Apple Podcasts, Stitcher, Spotify or Google Play.
Erik Jones had a miserable night in the pits with a magnificent car Sunday at Charlotte, and it was the pit stop between Stages 3 and 4 that really had to hurt.
Jones' No. 20 Toyota entered in second place but left in 19th because of a stop that went several seconds longer because their front tire changer switched to a backup pit gun.
The reason? Kasey Kahne ran over the primary gun's hose while entering their stall just ahead, ripping it from changer Houston Stamper's hands.
It would seem unfair to suffer because of the actions of a rival driver who faces no repercussions at all. But there are two important rules of thumb to consider.
–A driver entering their stall has every right to enter as sharply and swiftly as desired (without violating another car's pit box).
–Each pit crew is responsible for keeping its equipment out of harm's way.
The only feasible way that NASCAR could have penalized Kahne would be if he'd gone out of their way to affect Jones' stop.
In two of the past three seasons, the Coca-Cola 600 has been a runaway in which the winner has led at least 94 percent of the laps.
The record for highest percentage of laps led in the previous 55 years of NASCAR's longest race was 83 percent (Jim Paschal in 1967).
How is this dominance possible in a race that historically has demanded constant adjustments to keep up with a temperature-sensitive surface that can vary wildly over the course of four hours in the transition from blazing hot sun to a cool evening?
The simplest explanation might be that the Charlotte reigns of Truex in 2016 and Busch this year underscore the importance of being in clean air on an aerodynamic superspeedway.
Crew chiefs Cole Pearn and Adam Stevens can tune the car better with their championship-caliber stars able to provide the best feedback in static conditions. And with teams running high-fidelity simulations nonstop, there is more information on making strong setup calls than ever.
Sunday's race sadly marked the third time in four years that a fan has climbed a catchfence during a Cup race. While it thankfully didn't necessitate a race stoppage at Charlotte (unlike an infamous incident at Richmond and similar to one at Dover last year) because it was defused so quickly, it still begs the question: Why is this still happening?
We've written this before, but having a fan fall onto a hot track on national TV would be a really bad thing, not just for the event but racing in general. Whatever tracks have to spend to rectify this so that fans stay off the chain link in the future, it's worth it.
DUBLIN: Summit Materials, a US construction firm set up by former CRH executives, has made a rival offer for Ash Grove Cement, which CRH has agreed to pay $3.5 billion for, a source said.
Ash Grove said on Friday it had received a bid valued at $3.7-$3.8 billion which it expects to result in a better offer to the deal struck last month with CRH, the world's third-largest building materials supplier.
A source familiar with the matter said the unnamed bidder was Summit, which could not be reached for comment, and it had submitted its bid on Thursday. The offer is being considered by Ash Grove's board, the source added.
Ireland's CRH said that its proposal remains in place, subject to approval from Ash Grove shareholders.
Ash Grove has set a meeting on Nov. 1 for shareholders to vote on the agreement with CRH, which its board unanimously approved last month, but has extended its go-shop period during which it can look for other potential buyers to Oct. 20, the cement company said in a statement.
Prior to setting up fast-growing Summit in 2009, the Denver materials group's chief executive Thomas Hill headed up CRH's North American arm and went on to poach a number of other senior US-based CRH executives.
Summit's bid would surpass its own value of $3.65 billion. CRH, which has a market capitalization of $26.3 billion and said last month that it had around €5 billion available to spend on acquisitions over the next 18-24 months, made an all-cash bid.
CRH is also Ash Grove's largest customer and would be owed a $131 million termination fee if the Kansas-based company sells to another party.
“Summit Materials opportunistic offer of an Ash Grove merger will likely see investors decide between a cash offer at a 60 percent premium or a merger that gives no certainty to a cash exit price for large Ash Grove investors,” said Darren McKinley, analyst at Dublin-based Merrion Stockbrokers.
“Given CRH's position as Ash Grove's largest customer, they are well placed to determine whether a higher offer makes sense or whether to let Ash Grove shareholders decide whether they want cash in hand now or to merge with a company that currently doesn't pay a dividend.”
— Reuters
DUBLIN: Summit Materials, a US construction firm set up by former CRH executives, has made a rival offer for Ash Grove Cement, which CRH has agreed to pay $3.5 billion for, a source said.
Ash Grove said on Friday it had received a bid valued at $3.7-$3.8 billion which it expects to result in a better offer to the deal struck last month with CRH, the world's third-largest building materials supplier.
A source familiar with the matter said the unnamed bidder was Summit, which could not be reached for comment, and it had submitted its bid on Thursday. The offer is being considered by Ash Grove's board, the source added.
Ireland's CRH said that its proposal remains in place, subject to approval from Ash Grove shareholders.
Ash Grove has set a meeting on Nov. 1 for shareholders to vote on the agreement with CRH, which its board unanimously approved last month, but has extended its go-shop period during which it can look for other potential buyers to Oct. 20, the cement company said in a statement.
Prior to setting up fast-growing Summit in 2009, the Denver materials group's chief executive Thomas Hill headed up CRH's North American arm and went on to poach a number of other senior US-based CRH executives.
Summit's bid would surpass its own value of $3.65 billion. CRH, which has a market capitalization of $26.3 billion and said last month that it had around €5 billion available to spend on acquisitions over the next 18-24 months, made an all-cash bid.
CRH is also Ash Grove's largest customer and would be owed a $131 million termination fee if the Kansas-based company sells to another party.
“Summit Materials opportunistic offer of an Ash Grove merger will likely see investors decide between a cash offer at a 60 percent premium or a merger that gives no certainty to a cash exit price for large Ash Grove investors,” said Darren McKinley, analyst at Dublin-based Merrion Stockbrokers.
“Given CRH's position as Ash Grove's largest customer, they are well placed to determine whether a higher offer makes sense or whether to let Ash Grove shareholders decide whether they want cash in hand now or to merge with a company that currently doesn't pay a dividend.”
— Reuters
The Champion
Demi Lovato – Tell Me You Love Me
VS
The Challenger
Louis Tomlinson- Miss You
Tonight's Champion, for the third round in a row…
Monday – Thursday at 8pm YOU decide who the next Champion will be on the New Music Showdown by voting for your favourite song.
U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford, left, talks with South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo during their meeting at the Defense Ministry in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Pool Photo via AP Kim Hong-Ji
Former fashion and food writer Madeleine Marr joined the Miami Herald in 2003. The native New Yorker's celebrity coverage includes features, interviews, events, red carpets, premieres, award ceremonies, style, news and gossip in the South Florida area and beyond.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
Elves, Santas and tinsel-wearing fund-raisers wearing were joined by a running Christmas present for a charity challenge on Saturday.
A record 320 people took part in the annual Festive Forest Challenge, in aid of St Nicholas Hospice Care, which saw entrants run, walk and Nordic walk the 10km, half-marathon and 20-mile routes through King's Forest – with Christmas-themed attire optional.
West Stow, Suffolk. Festive Forest Challenge to raise money for St Nicholas Hospice Care - half marathon and 10km run and walk. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE PHOTOGRAPHY
Organised by Kevin Marshall of Positive Steps PT, it was the fifth year of the event, which started in 2013 with just 50 entrants.
This year, it is estimated the challenge will have raised £6,000 for the charity through entry fees and sponsorship.
Charlie De-Moore, hospice events fund-raiser, said: “It was absolutely brilliant, a super day, with a really positive and fun atmosphere. We had bands of merry elves, Father Christmas' and Christmas trees.
“It's such a nice day, for everyone who takes part and for all of those who volunteer, too. We would like to send a massive thank you to Kevin from Positive Steps for organising the event.
West Stow, Suffolk. Festive Forest Challenge to raise money for St Nicholas Hospice Care - half marathon and 10km run and walk. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE PHOTOGRAPHY
“We are so grateful for their continued support.”
Having supported the hospice for a number of years, in 2017 Positive Steps has raised £15,200 through organising the forest run, the annual Bury to Clare Challenge held in May, and the Hospice Hoops event in August.
West Stow, Suffolk. Festive Forest Challenge to raise money for St Nicholas Hospice Care - half marathon and 10km run and walk. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE PHOTOGRAPHY
West Stow, Suffolk. Festive Forest Challenge to raise money for St Nicholas Hospice Care - half marathon and 10km run and walk. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE PHOTOGRAPHY
West Stow, Suffolk. Festive Forest Challenge to raise money for St Nicholas Hospice Care - half marathon and 10km run and walk. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE PHOTOGRAPHY
West Stow, Suffolk. Festive Forest Challenge to raise money for St Nicholas Hospice Care - half marathon and 10km run and walk. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE PHOTOGRAPHY
West Stow, Suffolk. Festive Forest Challenge to raise money for St Nicholas Hospice Care - half marathon and 10km run and walk. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE PHOTOGRAPHY
West Stow, Suffolk. Festive Forest Challenge to raise money for St Nicholas Hospice Care - half marathon and 10km run and walk. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE PHOTOGRAPHY
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
UNC's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A&M in NCAA tournament
0:51
Buhari backs Oshiomhole for APC national chairperson
24 governors support President's second term bid, says Okorocha
Former Edo State Governor Adams Oshiomhole looks set to become the next national chairperson of the the Progressives Congress (APC), with the majority of the governors elected on the platform of the ruling party backing him.
At a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari at the Aso Villa last night, the governors, led by Progressives Governors Forum Chairman Rochas Okorocha, proposed to the President their interest in the former labour leader.
Sources at the meeting said the President did not object to the request.
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) Boss Mustapha and Chief of Staff to the President Abba Kyari also attended the meeting.
Seventeen governors attended. Two were represented by their deputies.
Seven governors: Rotimi Akeredolu (Ondo), Rauf Aregbesola (Osun), Akinwunmi Ambode (Lagos), Ibrahim Gaidam (Yobe), Mohammed Abubakar (Bauchi), Abubakar Badaru (Jigawa) and Aminu Tambuwal (Sokoto), were absent.
The issue and the endorsement of the President for second term by the governors were the only isues discussed at the meeting held at the First Lady's Conferemce Room, sources said.
The party's national convention to pick members of the National Working Committee (NWC) will hold in Abuja on May 14.
After the meeting, Okorcha said all the 24 APC governors were backing President Buhari's second term bid.
The President at the last APC National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting, declared their intention to seek another term.
Okorocha said governors communicated their support for the President's reelection.
They said: “We came to welcome them back and to commend them for their boldness and courage to declare their intention to run for second term as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, which we the 24 governors of the APC duly support.
”And we have come to encourage them that they must go ahead with their vision,” they added.
According to him, the meeting also addressed the coming convention and congresses to make it hitch-free.
”We also agreed that we will not allow the issue of many contestants to destroy our party.” they said.
Asked if Oshiomhole's endorsement came up, Okorocha said the public would be “duly briefed in due course”.
The post Buhari backs Oshiomhole for APC national chairperson appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Millsboro man was arrested on drug charges after being reported as a suspicious person Sunday. Police were called to the area of Causey Avenue and Church Street to find a wanted 24-year-old Dustin Townsend sitting on a bench outside the Milford Post Office. They were wanted in Kent and Sussex Counties. Police searched them and found 44 bags of heroin .22 caliber ammo. They were charged with possession of drugs and weapons and is being held at SCI on $7,565 bond.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach Dirk Koetter found themselves addressing a report on Sunday that said their working relationship with quarterback Jameis Winston is experiencing difficulty.
While both Koetter and Winston denied there is some kind of riff between the two, the report has at least laid a distraction on the lap of the coach that is trying to avoid double-digit losses.
“Jameis [Winston] is tremendous at blocking out distractions and focusing on the task at hand,” Koetter said during News Channel 8's exclusive “Koetter's Korner” interview.
“We can't control stuff that people say. People say stuff all the time when you're not having the kind of season you wanted to have.”
The story, reported by NFL.com, cited a source saying that Winston has grown unhappy with Koetter's play calling and was disappointed in the way they were handled in the weeks following their shoulder injury.
While time will tell if Koetter and Winston are indeed comfortably on the same page, the results on the field for the Bucs defense show a disconnect.
“They threw 44 times and we didn't [get] them [Lions quarterback, Matthew Stafford] on the ground,” Koetter said. “You've got to put pressure on the quarterback.”
Koetter pointed out the three turnovers by the Bucs defense, a plus that helped keep the team in the game, while the offense got going in the fourth quarter. But the Bucs offense handed the ball over five times itself, creating yet another attempt at coming from behind.
The Bucs erased a 21-7 deficit with a pair of Winston touchdown passes and had the ball late in the fourth quarter but could not produce another score.
The Lions drove the ball, taking the lead for good on a 46-yard field goal by Matt Prater.
The 24-21 defeat officially dropped the Bucs out of playoff contention and guaranteed a losing record for the fourth time in the past five seasons.
“Koetter's Korner” airs each Monday during the regular season on News Channel 8 at 6 p.m.
CHAFF carts have been doing a great job in the battle against herbicide-resistant weeds and are finding a valuable niche, particularly in mixed farming enterprises in western and southern cropping regions.
AgPro management consultant Ed Riggall has been validating the anecdotal evidence of the value of chaff heaps as a stock feed option for the past three years and has proven that there is money to be made from using chaff heaps (and probably chaff lines) as a summer feed source for sheep.
“Using paired paddocks on farms in different regions, we measured the changes in sheep weight over a period of six weeks and compared the performance of sheep grazing paddocks with chaff piles with that of sheep from the same flock grazing paddocks where the chaff had been spread,” Mr Riggall said.
“Data was collected in canola, wheat, oats and barley fields in eight locations in Western Australia over three years.”
Mr Riggall analysed the feed value of the chaff heaps from different crops and while the results varied considerably, canola was a consistent performer.
This is due mainly to the higher protein level compared to cereals, which enables the chaff piles to be better digested.
The cereal chaff heaps were all similar in feed value with about four per cent crude protein, indicating that provision of additional protein, such as lupin grain, would be required for the sheep to make full use of cereal chaff piles.
“The results showed that sheep on chaff piles gained an average of two kilograms in the first three weeks – 500 grams more than sheep grazing stubbles (no chaff heaps),” they said.
“At the end of six weeks grazing the sheep with access to chaff piles had gained about 100g while sheep without access to the chaff piles had lost almost 2kg compared to their starting weight.”
In Merino flocks this small positive net gain per head for sheep grazing chaff heaps is worth a serious amount of money, spread across the whole mob, in the form of improved condition score, increased lambing percentages and reduced summer feed costs.
When you add in the value of chaff management as a weed seed control measure to combat herbicide resistant weeds, the return quickly pays for the investment in a new chaff cart.
Meat & Livestock Australia (MLA) is currently funding a three-year demonstration site with the Gillamii group based in Cranbrook, WA to further evaluate the value of grazing chaff heaps.
OMNISPORT
Arizona Cardinals star Larry Fitzgerald is now third for all time receiving yards in the NFL.
Cardinals receiver Fitzgerald, 34, had five catches for 44 yards through three quarters of Sunday's 12-7 victory against the Tennessee Titans to pass Randy Moss.
Fitzgerald – a 10-time Pro Bowler – trails only Jerry Rice and Terrell Owens for most receiving yards in NFL history.
"It means a lot to have my name there with him. ... He's been a wonderful mentor to me." - @LarryFitzgerald on @RandyMoss pic.twitter.com/LcrCsUljKV — Arizona Cardinals (@AZCardinals) December 11, 2017
The Cardinals were shut out in the first half, but Fitzgerald's two catches in the third quarter helped their team get on the board with a pair of field goals.
The Titans held a 7-6 lead as the game entered the final quarter but the Cardinals rallied as Fitzgerald finished with those five receptions.
SEOUL, South Korea — Teenage math whiz Ri Jong Yol was a solid candidate to join Kim Jong-un's army of elite hackers.
They had just won silver for the third year in a row at the world's premier high school mathematics championship, the International Mathematical Olympiad, which was held in Hong Kong in 2016.
But the night before they were supposed to return to North Korea with their team, the 18-year-old walked off the campus of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and defected.
Students participate in a cyber-defense programming class at Korea University in Seoul, South Korea. They were practicing hacking each other as part of a government program to train them to battle Kim Jong-un's techno-soldiers. Bloomberg via Getty Images file
According to Kim Heung-Kwang, a former science professor who also escaped from North Korea, Ri is now studying at a university in Seoul. Little else is known about him.
Had Ri stayed in North Korea, says Kwang, who now runs a nongovernmental organization that advocates for defectors' rights, they could have become a mathematician — or they could have joined the Kim regime's advanced cyberwarfare unit. It features thousands of members.
Last month, experts from around the world gathered in Seoul to discuss Pyongyang's hacking abilities —and how to defend against them.
Martyn Williams, the editor of North Korea Tech, a San Francisco-based website, said that while hackers in many countries are often self-trained, no one has home internet access in North Korea and few even have computers.
That means the North Korean regime hand-picks and trains its hacking elite.
"The training system that North Korea uses is really unlike many others in the world, because North Korea is a country like no other in the world," says Williams, who is also a contributor at 38 North, a North Korean-monitoring group based at Johns Hopkins University.
Math and science are pushed in elementary school in the North, and the best students in those subjects are exposed to computers, according to Williams.
From then on, the kids with a knack for computing will advance through a series of special schools that emphasize programming. There are hundreds of students, says Kim, the North Korean professor, and about 70 percent of graduates are men.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM OCT. 10: North Korea Used Email Malware in Attempted U.S. Cyberattack 1:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Many will compete in programming contests around the country, and the best will go on to top universities.
It's largely at the university level that hacking is introduced. Williams says students may attend Kim Il Sung University or Kim Chaek University of Technology to develop traditional software.
But some of the brightest programmers, they say, are sent to Moranbong University or Mirim College, schools where the best hackers are said to learn their trade.
North Korea's rigorous schooling to train programmers and future hackers appears to be part of a grand vision the leadership has had for decades to strengthen both its economy and military.
In 1996, former leader Kim Jong Il reportedly told a group of frontline troops that "all wars in the future will be computer wars."
Despite the Western stereotype that North Korean leaders are running a backward nation, the "Dear Leader" seemed to have recognized the importance of computers early on.
"It was a pretty early prediction," Williams says, "and it turned out to be pretty good."
Related: Iran-sponsored hackers have targeted Israel, Saudis, Turkey
Now, North Korea's computer literate are allegedly masterminding attacks around the globe, such as the hack on Sony Pictures in 2014 that crashed the bulk of the company's servers and cost it tens of millions of dollars.
The FBI also suspects North Korea was behind last year's $81-million cyberheist of the Bangladesh central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Kim, the professor, warned that North Korean hackers might one day aim to sow chaos by attacking transportation and communication systems, among other crucial infrastructure in developed nations.
"That situation is drawing near," they say.
A woman has died and three others were injured in a head-on collision in County Durham.
The 18-year-old, who has not been named, was killed in the crash between a Fiat 500 and Audi A3 on the B6287 near Ferryhill at 20:25 GMT on Friday.
Durham Police said a 19-year-old male passenger in the Fiat and two men aged 26 and 27 in the Audi were injured and taken to hospital.
A force spokesperson appealed for any witnesses to come forward.
DUBAI: Mobile bookings for air travel rose a hefty 116 percent in Saudi Arabia in 2017, although desktop remained the dominant platform in the wider region for purchasing flight tickets, travel company Cleartrip said in its 2017 Travel Insights Report.Among the major cities in the region, Riyadh had the highest rate of mobile bookings at 32 percent of all transactions there, with Jeddah close by at 31 percent, the report said. Mobile bookings in the Kingdom also comprised almost a third of all ticket purchases last year, Cleartrip added.The 2017 Travel Insights Report also noted that the majority of bookings in the region — and Saudi Arabia in particular — were usually made a week prior to travel, although the report noted that mobile platforms were popular for last-minute travel bookings.“Interestingly, the findings showed that there is a clear correlation between the number of travelers per ticket and the platform used for booking,” Cleartrip said. The report consolidated proprietary information from Cleartrip as well as data from the company's more than 400 partner airlines.“We closely monitor the new and dominant trends in the market to inform our business and product decisions and the 2017 Travel Insights Report is a natural outcome of our intense focus on understanding and solving customers' needs,” said Stuart Crighton, the founder and chief executive of Cleartrip.Dubai was the top destination for travelers in the region last year, followed by Sharjah, Manila and Abu Dhabi. The Armenian capital Yerevan meanwhile was the most trending destination for 2017, with bookings posting a whopping 498 percent rise over the previous year, followed by Georgia's Tbilisi and Nepal's Katmandu with both destinations recording twofold increases in online bookings.Yerevan and Tbilisi have been heavily promoted as affordable travel and tourism alternatives and are extremely popular destinations, particularly for individuals in the UAE who need to go on a visa run to renew their stay in the Emirate.
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement? Pause
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:01 South Carolina residents will automatically live in North Carolina as of Jan. 1
1:34 North Carolina provides a tool to curb prescription drug overdoses, but most doctors don't use it.
1:31 Protesters voice their opinions outside CMPD HQ
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
PYEONGCHANG, South Korea — The Olympic doping bans of 28 Russian athletes were overturned by sport's highest tribunal Thursday while their results from the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi were reinstated.
The decision throws the International Olympic Committee's policy on Russian doping into turmoil.
Russian athletes during the opening ceremony of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. Mark Humphrey / AP file
The Court of Arbitration for Sport ruled that evidence was "insufficient" that the 28 — including several medalists — had broken anti-doping rules om Sochi.
The athletes who had their bans lifted could now seek late entry into the PyeongChang Games, which open Feb. 9.
Eleven more were ruled to have been guilty of doping, but had lifetime bans cut to a ban from the PyeongChang Games alone.
CAS said it "unanimously found that the evidence put forward by the IOC in relation to this matter did not have the same weight in each individual case. In 28 cases, the evidence collected was found to be insufficient to establish that an anti-doping rule violation was committed by the athletes concerned."
The IOC banned Russia from next month's PyeongChang Winter Games as a result of its "unprecedented systematic manipulation" of the anti-doping system.
The IOC invited 169 Russians to compete under a neutral flag, but may now be forced to allow in athletes it deems dopers, eight days before the Games begin.
“ They were wrongly sanctioned without any evidence.”
It wasn't immediately clear how many of the 28 Russians would now seek to compete. Some have already retired from competitive sports.
Those reinstated at the Sochi Olympics include skeleton gold medalist Alexander Tretiakov and cross-country ski gold medalist Alexander Legkov. Russia won't win back some medals, such as in the men's 4-man bobsled, where two crew members were disqualified and two reinstated. Both of the gold medal-winning two-man bobsled crew remain banned.
"It's a big victory for them and I'm relieved that justice has finally been done," said Philippe Baertsch, a lawyer for the athletes, told the Associated Press, said of the 28 who were cleared. "This confirms what they've been saying since day one, namely that they are and they've always been clean athletes, and that they were wrongly sanctioned without any evidence."
Seven Russian medals from the 2014 Sochi Olympics were reinstated, including gold in men's skeleton and men's 50-kilometer cross-country skiing.
The IOC last year banned 43 Russians over doping offenses at the Sochi Olympics.
The Russian director of the laboratory which handled samples for the Sochi Games, Grigory Rodchenkov, said they gave cocktails of banned steroids to athletes and swapped tainted samples for clean urine on orders from Russian state sports officials.
The Russian government vehemently denies ever supporting doping.
Three more appeals, all involving retired biathlon competitors, will be heard later.
Oil prices fell in thin trade on Tuesday after the Easter holiday break shut many markets for as long as four days and as a U.S. government report indicated rising production.
Continue Reading Below
Benchmark Brent crude futures were down 9 cents at $55.27 at 0058 GMT. They ended a quiet session on Monday down 53 cents at $55.36, after rising the three previous weeks.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were also down 9 cents at $52.56 a barrel. They settled down 53 cents at $52.65 a barrel.
The benchmark for U.S. oil had also risen for three straight weeks through Thursday, before the Easter break.
“The speculators have been pushing oil up for almost a month,” said Jonathan Chan, investment analyst at Phillip Futures in Singapore. “There should some healthy price correction this week.”
Chan said they expected Brent to test $54 and WTI $51.70.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
U.S. shale production in May is likely to post the biggest monthly gain in more than two years, government data showed on Monday, as producers step up the pace of drilling with oil prices holding above $50 a barrel.
May output is expected to rise by 123,000 barrels per day to 5.19 million bpd, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration's drilling productivity report.
If that is right, May will have the biggest monthly increase since February 2015 and the highest monthly production level since November 2015.
More barrels could be on their way to market from U.S. shale fields as financial companies are investing billions in production, a Reuters analysis shows.
Any increase in output in the United States, now the world's third-biggest oil producer, will likely put pressure on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) – which agreed to curb output at the end of last year – to cut production further.
OPEC is due to meet on May 25 to weigh an extension of output cuts beyond June to alleviate a glut that has depressed prices for nearly three years.
Still, Saudi Arabia's energy minister has said it was too early to discuss an extension.
(Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Richard Borsuk and Joseph Radford)
HALIFAX — Professors and support staff at the Nova Scotia Community College have agreed to new six-year collective agreements.
The Nova Scotia Teachers Union, which represents the two bargaining units, says a vote on management's final offer was held Tuesday.
Faculty members voted 55 per cent in favour of the offer, while 64 per cent of voters with the professional support bargaining unit were in favour.
The union says the agreements, which run from Sept. 1, 2014 to Aug. 31, 2020, were ratified following the vote and include a seven-per-cent wage increase over the six-year terms.
Under legislation, the employer is required to freeze the years of service used to calculate an employee's retirement service award as of March 31, 2015.
However, the union says under both agreements employees can either choose to collect their service award based on their salary at retirement, or collect it immediately based on their salary as of March 31, 2018.
In light of the marches, protests, and counterprotests happening in Charlottesville, Virginia, a local group planned to meet Sunday night at the Capitol grounds to call for the removal of a statue.
The statue in question is of Stonewall Jackson, and it stands in the southeast corner of the Capitol grounds.
The group organizing the event sent out this press release:
Charleston, WV – West Virginians from across race and religious differences will gather today at 7 p.m. at the Stonewall Jackson statue at the southeast corner of the Capitol grounds. They will call for the statue's removal and condemn racism – in solidarity with the Charlottesville civil rights leaders attacked yesterday. “Over 150 years ago, Thomas ‘Stonewall' Jackson purchased a black child named Emma to give as a gift to their new wife,”[1] said Jack Deskins of Charleston, one of the event organizers. “His greatest accomplishment was killing thousands of people – including West Virginians – to preserve the institution of slavery. Why do we still honor this man?” Event organizers began planning the event last night, as news reports came in from Charlottesville. The Charlottesville turmoil began as a United the Right rally, organized by white supremacists to oppose the city's plan to remove a Robert E. Lee memorial. Lee and Jackson were both confederate generals. “West Virginia has been home to real heroes,” offered event organizer Cathy Kunkel. “Isn't it time for Leon Sullivan, Mother Jones, or Pearl Buck to have a free standing statue on the Capitol grounds?”
Leaders will mourn the deaths and injuries to civil rights leaders in Charlottesville and hear speeches from local civil rights leaders. They believe that the best way to respond is with action. For event information updates, visit this link: https://www.facebook.com/events/474124849605351/.
An on-line petition can be found here: https://actionnetwork.org/petitions/gov-justice-remove-slaveowner-statue-from-capitol-grounds.
Dozens of additional vigils are being organized across the state in the coming days (including one Monday night at St John's Episcopal at 7 p.m.). There is also a WV Grassroots Summit themed “Hate Has No Home Here,” organized for September 29-30 in Buckhannon. Summit registration here: https://actionnetwork.org/events/wv-grassroots-summit.
The Miami Heat bounced back from a tough shooting night and a loss to the Golden State Warriors in the first game of the California Classic with a 89-74 win over the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday night at the Golden 1 Center.
Here are a handful of takeaways:
▪ Former Michigan forward Duncan Robinson started alongside center Bam Adebayo, forward Derrick Jones Jr. and point guard Derrick Walton Jr. for the second game in a row and was impressive in 19 minutes of action.
After scoring only three points (he was 1 of 4 on threes) in Monday's game, Robinson (6-8, 215) scored 19 points on 7 of 9 shooting Tuesday including five threes. They also had an eye-opening drive to the rim they finished with a two-handed dunk in the first half.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"He didn't get too many touches last night," Heat summer league coach Eric Glass said. "The ball moves and they find it. They don't miss very often."
A career 41.9 percent three-point shooter in their three seasons at Michigan, Robinson could be a player the Heat strongly considers adding to the roster on a two-way contract. The Heat has a two-way spot available.
▪ Jones Jr., who was one of Miami's two two-way players until the Heat signed them to the 15-man roster on Saturday night, followed up their 24-point, 11-rebound performance against the Warriors with 21 points on 8 of 14 shooting. They also had five rebounds, four blocks and three steals.
"He does some ridiculous stuff out there," Glass said. "He's super competitive. You saw it this year when they were on our main team. They were guarding Harden, they were guarding the best guys in the league. Sometimes athletes don't have the best feel for the game and he's really found a way to utilize their athleticism to make impactful plays for the game. I think the sky's the limit for him."
Of their five rebounds, four were on the offensive end.
"That is a major emphasis in summer league," Glass said. "We're on them to crash. That's a skill set for him. If he's a guy that was aggressive at the rim they wouldn't be as good at it."
Jones Jr. is now 5 of 9 on three-pointers in two summer league games, but 10 of 19 from the free throw line. The Heat has been working with them to improve their shot after shooting only 38.9 percent from the field and 20 percent from three-point range last season.
"My game is never complete," Jones Jr. said. "I can get a few more assists, a few more blocks, a few more steals, knock down my free throws, knock down a few more threes. I can do a lot more. We've got another game out here and then go to Las Vegas and have a whole lot of fun."
▪ Adebayo followed up their 14-point, 14-rebound effort Monday with nine points, 10 rebounds and a block in 21 minutes. For the second game in a row the Heat's 2017 first round pick used their Euro step move to get to the bucket and score. It's a move he's worked on since their senior year of high school.
“That's something I'm comfortable with,” Adebayo said. “I know it's an easy move. Just running full speed at somebody they're obviously going to move. Some people are brave enough to take that hit but some people decide to just move. Incorporating that into my game helps me get easy layups.”
▪ Derrick Walton Jr., who was 1 of 12 shooting including 0 for 9 from three-point range in Monday's loss to the Warriors, is now 2 of 18 from the field and 1 of 14 from three-point range after struggling to hit shots again Tuesday.
Walton Jr., who played on a two-way contract last season and whom the Heat sent a qualifying offer for another two-way contract for this coming season, finished with four points, three rebounds and six assists in 20 minutes.
▪ Former Georgia forward Yante Maten, the SEC's Player of the Year, had 15 points and five rebounds in 24 minutes off the bench for the Heat. They didn't play in Monday's opener.
"Yante I really like," Glass said. "He had a good camp. Yesterday I went with [Jarrod Jones] because he's the vet. I thought they picked up stuff just a little bit quicker. But I know as soon as Yante got their feet underneath them they were going to do some special things. He's really competitive, got a great shot, got a great feel. They can post, they can roll, they can fair to the three."
▪ Former Arkansas guard Daryl Macon replaced Ike Nwamu in the Heat's starting lineup and led the team with 11 assists. It opened some eyes.
"He and [Matt] Farrell were pretty even in camp," Glass said. "Today I wanted to go with him, I started him, they really took advantage of that opportunity. They really showed some nice things. They can defend, they can shoot the ball and they can get in that gap and make plays. That's not an easy thing to get in that sweet spot to make plays."
▪ The Heat, which shot 29 percent and scored only 68 points in Monday's loss, had 27 assists as a team Tuesday, shot 45.2 from the field and finished 13 of 28 from three-point range.
"We were due since last night we couldn't make a shot to save our life," Glass said. "I liked a lot of things. Our ball movement was so much better. The guys feel like they're in a rhythm. Ball moves, guys touch it and it makes the shot a little bit easier when you get better looks.
"I thought our defense was outstanding. The Lakers scored I think 93 the other night we held them to two quarters under 16, I was really impressed with that. Our guys really competed. I thought it was character building as a team and as individuals you get up 20 in the first half you don't let it go. you just keep grinding and you keep playing each possession like it's your last, all the clichés that you hear but our guys really started to take it to another level in the second half and I was really happy with that. "
Sixteen-year-old Alfie Halil from Flempton Golf Club stunned their competitors to walk off with the 2017 Suffolk Open Golf Championship.
The teenager scored 69 in the morning and 73 after lunch to win the Faraday Trophy by one shot from Bradley Wilkins, the professional at Bramford Golf Centre.
Halil also picked up the Chris Easterbrook Trophy for the best Amateur score at Rookery Park Golf Club on Sunday, in ideal weather conditions, Halil beat 46 of the top golfers from around the county, including 10 professionals.
They started the year with a handicap of 4 and will now play off scratch.
Alfie's mother, Lorraine, said; “He practices very hard and has excellent coaching and support at Flempton from resident PGA golf professional Paul Kent, and we are very proud of their golf achievements this year."
Halil recently came 3rd in the Suffolk Junior Championships, won the Bell Cup at Thorpeness and starred in the Suffolk County Under-18s team in their victory over Norfolk & Cambridgeshire in the Eastern qualifier of the Junior Anglian League at St Neots.
Sunday's triumph capped a stunning run of results for a 16- year-old young man.
* See Friday's Bury Free Press print edition for more on this story as well as the latest golf round-up from around the area's fairways from Chris Boughton.
Roberto Aguayo maintaining confidence despite release by Tampa Bay
Roberto Aguayo is keeping their head up after their release by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The second-year kicker, who landed with the Chicago Bears, sounded confident in their first comments since the release, backing themselves to still become a successful kicker.
“I know the type of man I am,” Aguayo said, via Larry Mayer of the Bears' official website. “I know the integrity and what I have inside me. That doesn't define me as a man. I'm defined by how I keep my head up and keep pushing. That's in the past now. Yeah, at the time it hurt. But there are new opportunities and I'm here now, so this is my next opportunity and I'm looking forward to making the most of it.”
Aguayo didn't deny that the pressure of being a second-round pick may have impacted them in Tampa Bay, but refused to use it as an excuse for their struggles.
“I'm not going to focus on that anymore,” Aguayo said. “There was a standard that was set with that. But at the end of the day, I know what I'm capable of and the standard that is held in the NFL. I'm just going to go out here and do what I've got to do here.”
Aguayo was a great college kicker, but making them the 59th overall pick turned out to be a mess for both sides, with Aguayo proving ineffective as a kicker and the Bucs' braintrust having to admit a major draft mistake. Perhaps a fresh start will be good for him.
Leonard Pitts Jr. won the Pulitzer Prize for commentary in 2004.  They are the author of the novels, Grant Park, Freeman, and Before I Forget. Their column runs every Sunday and Wednesday. Forward From This Moment, a collection of their columns, was released in 2009.
On Sept. 11, 2001, they wrote a column on the terrorist attacks that received a huge response from readers who deluged them with more than 26,000 e-mails. It was posted on the Internet, chain-letter style. Read the column and others on the topic of September 11.
You can also read Pitts' series, What Works?, a series of columns about programs anywhere in the country that show results in improving the lives of black children.
Leonard also wrote the 2008 series I Am A Man, commemorating the 40th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King's assassination.
Email Leonard at lpitts@MiamiHerald.com or visit their website at www.leonardpittsjr.com
TRUMP AGENDA: 18 Crucial Days
New this morning from NBC's Carol Lee and Julia Ainsley: “Special counsel Robert Mueller is trying to piece together what happened inside the White House over a critical 18-day period that began when senior officials were told that National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by Russia, according to multiple people familiar with the matter. The questions about what happened between Jan. 26 and Flynn's firing on Feb. 13 appear to relate to possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump, say two people familiar with Mueller's investigation into Russia's election meddling and potential collusion with the Trump campaign. Multiple sources say that during interviews, Mueller's investigators have asked witnesses, including White House Counsel Don McGahn and others who have worked in the West Wing, to go through each day that Flynn remained as national security adviser and describe in detail what they knew was happening inside the White House as it related to Flynn.”
The Washington Post offers a look at the rise and fall of George Papadopoulos.
Over the weekend, from the New York Times, on Trump's Twitter and TV habits: “As they end their first year in office, Mr. Trump is redefining what it means to be president. They see the highest office in the land much as they did the night of their stunning victory over Hillary Clinton — as a prize they must fight to protect every waking moment, and Twitter is their Excalibur. Despite all their bluster, they view themselves less than a titan dominating the world stage than a maligned outsider engaged in a struggle to be taken seriously, according to interviews with 60 advisers, associates, friends and members of Congress. … Before taking office, Mr. Trump told top aides to think of each presidential day as an episode in a television show in which they vanquish rivals. People close to them estimate that Mr. Trump spends at least four hours a day, and sometimes as much as twice that, in front of a television, sometimes with the volume muted, marinating in the no-holds-barred wars of cable news and eager to fire back.”
Bernie Sanders told one of us(!) that Democrats should be careful of “jumping the gun” on Trump impeachment proceedings.
Nikki Haley says that Trump accusers “should be heard.”
The Washington Post, on the big tax rush: “Republicans are moving their tax plan toward final passage at stunning speed, blowing past Democrats before they've had time to fully mobilize against it but leaving the measure vulnerable to the types of expensive problems popping up in their massive and complex plan. Questionable special-interest provisions have been stuffed in along the way, out of public view and in some cases literally in the dead of night. Drafting errors by exhausted staff are cropping up and need fixes, which must be tackled by congressional negotiators working to reconcile competing versions of the legislation passed separately by the House and the Senate.”
“A little-discussed provision in the Senate tax bill could lead to a higher tax bill for millions of small investors and cause many to unload stocks before year-end to avoid those costs,” reports the Wall Street Journal. “Under the Senate's $1.4 trillion tax overhaul, investors would lose the ability to choose which shares they can sell to reduce a position. Instead, investors selling partial stakes in a company would have to unload their oldest shares first, a process known as selling on a “first-in, first-out” basis. Selling those shares usually brings a higher tax bill if the stock's price has been rising. Some small investors are fuming that the new rule would cause them to pay much more in taxes.”
The Trump administration has been ramping down enforcement of federal pollution laws, reports the New York Times.
And Dante Chinni does the math to see how GOP party ID has dropped since the Trump election.
OFF TO THE RACES: One day to go in Alabama
A commission set up to help reform the Democratic presidential nominating process has voted to restrict the number of superdelegates as part of a slew of changes,” POLITICO reports. “The Democratic Party's Unity Reform Commission is recommending cutting the number of superdelegates by about 400, equal to a 60 percent reduction. Many of the remaining superdelegates would see their vote tied to the results in their state.”
AL-SEN: Richard Shelby says they can't vote for Moore, telling CNN “I think Alabama deserves better.”
POLITICO looks at how Trump came around to support Moore.
Alex Seitz-Wald writes that pollsters and pundits agree that Tuesday's race is impossible to predict.
Why was Roy Moore in Philadelphia on the last weekend of the campaign?
The New York Times: “With only hours until the polls open on Tuesday in this unlikeliest of battleground states, Democrats are deploying a sprawling, multimillion-dollar get-out-the-vote operation in an effort to steal away a Senate seat and reduce the Republican majority to a single vote. A constellation of liberal groups outside the state has showered money and manpower on turnout efforts aimed at helping Mr. Jones. But they are working discreetly, hoping to avoid the appearance of trying to dictate whom Alabamians should support.”
The two top Democrats in Congress on Thursday called on House Speaker Paul Ryan to remove Devin Nunes as chair of the House Intelligence Committee, painting Nunes' push to release a controversial classified memo as an abuse of their position that amounts to carrying water for the White House.
"The decision of Chairman Nunes and House Republicans to release a bogus memo has taken the GOP's cover-up campaign to a new, completely unacceptable extreme," House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., wrote in a letter to Ryan.
"From the start, Congressman Nunes has disgraced the House Intelligence Committee," they added. "Since pledging to recuse themselves from the Trump-Russia investigation, Congressman Nunes has abused their position to launch a highly unethical and dangerous cover-up campaign for the White House."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Why memo has everything to do with Mueller: NYT 12:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., released their own statement urging Ryan to remove Nunes, saying the memo is meant to "sow conspiracy theories and attack the integrity of federal law enforcement as a means to protect President Trump."
Ryan responded Thursday afternoon, accusing the lawmakers of playing a "political game."
"This memo is not [an] indictment of the FBI, the Department of Justice," they said. "It does not impugn the Mueller investigation or the Deputy Attorney General," Rod Rosenstein.
"I think they're just playing politics and I think they're looking for a political distraction is what I get out of that," they added. "I think what they're trying to do is just sidetrack us with some political game."
Pelosi and Schumer are the most prominent Democrats to call for Nunes' removal after the House Intelligence Committee voted along party lines Monday to make public a classified memo written by Nunes' office about some of the government's most sensitive secrets.
Republican lawmakers have said the GOP-written memo shows corruption in the FBI that is "worse than Watergate," proving that special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation is based on a fraud. Democrats have called it a grossly distorted attack on the Mueller probe, which is investigating Trump's campaign for possible collusion with Russia.
The memo is currently under White House review and the final decision on whether to make it public rests with Trump. The FBI and the Department of Justice have strongly objected to the release of the memo.
However, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the House Intelligence Committee's ranking Democrat, said Wednesday night that the committee had sent the White House a different version of a classified memo about the Trump-Russia investigation from the one that committee Republicans voted to release to the public.
Jack Langer, a spokesperson for Nunes, confirmed that the memo had been edited, but said that the changes included "grammatical fixes and two edits requested by the FBI and by the Minority themselves," referring to committee Democrats.
Schiff also said Thursday that Nunes should step down.
"I mean, they said that they were going to step aside or recuse himself, but never really did," Schiff said at an event at The University of Pennsylvania Thursday, referring to Nunes's earlier decision to recuse themselves from the House Russia probe. "Throughout this whole time, they continued to make the most consequential decisions in our investigation."
"So should they step aside? Yes. They sort of said they were gonna do that already but really didn't and I think we need someone credible leading the investigation," they added.
Nunes "stepped away" from the House Russia investigation in April after an ethics complaint was filed. But they later said that was not a formal recusal.
Multiple White House officials told NBC News that Trump has read the FISA memo, as delivered to the White House.
The White House has agreed to some redactions in the memo at the FBI's request, multiple White House officials confirmed. But the officials reiterated that no final decision had been made yet on whether to approve the memo's release.
There were some bright spots for Oroville evacuees in the midst of chaos.California Highway Patrol officers helped a three-year-old boy celebrate their birthday Monday. Officers sang happy birthday to "Junior" and gave them a birthday cake, a paper crown, a balloon and a couple of gifts too.Watch the video in the player above to see the celebration.
Access Bank, Development Bank Join Okpekpe Race Train – Wetinhappen Magazine (blog)
Wetinhappen Magazine (blog) Access Bank, Development Bank Join Okpekpe Race Train
Wetinhappen Magazine (blog)
Two of Nigeria's leading financial institutions, Access Bank and Development Bank, are the latest socially responsible corporate bodies to throw their financial weight behind next month's IAAF silver label Okpekpe international 10km road race which …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Yahya Jammeh Accuses ECOWAS Of ‘Declaring War' On Him
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has accused the West African regional bloc ECOWAS of declaring war after demanding that they stand down following their defeat at the ballot box. Regional leaders warned last month that the 15-member ECOWAS would “take all necessary action to enforce the results” of the December 1 poll. Jammeh retorted in a…
The post Yahya Jammeh Accuses ECOWAS Of ‘Declaring War' On Him appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mike Tirico will take over as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame football games on NBC this season, joining analyst Doug Flutie.
Tirico replaces Dan Hicks, who did Fighting Irish games for the past four seasons. Hicks will still be part of NBC Sports' golf coverage and next year's Winter Olympics. Last season, Tirico filled in for Hicks on three Notre Dame games. Tirico will also call NBC's Thursday night NFL games this season.
Flutie, the 1984 Heisman Trophy winner for Boston College, is entering their third season doing Irish games. Kathryn Tappen will be the sideline reporter for a fourth season.
NBC also announced Monday that former Texas quarterback Chris Simms, the son of former quarterback and NFL analyst Phil Simms, is joining the Notre Dame broadcasts as a studio analyst.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Video
How close are we to nuclear conflict between North Korea and the US? BBC Newsnight's diplomatic editor Mark Urban looks at the evidence.
CHARLOTTE, Michigan: The enraged father of three daughters who were sexually abused by Larry Nassar lunged at the former USA Gymnastics national team doctor and tried to attack them during a sentencing hearing in a Michigan courtroom on Friday.The father, Randall Margraves, was nearly within striking distance of Nassar before officers tackled them to the floor in front of shocked spectators including their daughters. The judge later accepted Margraves' explanation that they “lost control” of their emotions and said they would not punish him.The chaotic scene began minutes after sisters Lauren and Madison Margraves had concluded tearful victim statements on the second day of a sentencing hearing in Eaton County, following similar presentations by scores of other women through previous court sessions.Nassar has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison for their guilty plea in neighboring Ingham County to molesting young women under the guise of medical treatment.  They are scheduled to receive an additional sentence on Monday for their guilty plea to related charges in Eaton County.At a news conference with their family and attorney hours after the outburst, Margraves, apologized for their behavior, saying they were “remorseful” and “embarrassed” for losing their composure.“I am no hero. My daughters are heroes, and all the victims and survivors of this terrible atrocity,” they said, adding that they became enraged when “I had to hear what was said in those (victim) statements, and I had to look over at Larry Nassar shaking their head.”Margraves said they had never heard the explicit details of what their daughters endured at the hands of Nassar until they listened to their accounts in court.A tall, burly man with thick gray hair, Margraves said their relationship with their daughters had long been “strained, distant and difficult. Now I know the main reason. The reason was Larry Nassar.”“Now I have to deal with the fact that I failed to protect my daughters,” they added.The courtroom disturbance came after Margraves, standing alongside their daughters and wife, asked if Judge Janice Cunningham, as part of sentencing, would “grant me five minutes in a locked room” with Nassar.The judge replied that was not an option and rebuked Margraves for their vulgar language in calling Nassar “a son of a bitch” in court. Margraves then asked for one minute alone instead. The judge demurred again as some in the courtroom laughed uncomfortably.The father then bolted toward Nassar, seated in an orange jumpsuit behind a nearby table. Margraves' daughters' hands flew to their mouths, and one of Nassar's lawyers moved to shield their client.Gasps, cries and shouts filled the courtroom as Margraves was wrestled to the floor, knocking items off a desk on the way down before they were handcuffed, while Nassar was whisked to safety.“One minute!” Margraves demanded repeatedly, their head pinned down. As uniformed officers pulled them from the courtroom, they implored them, “What if this happened to you guys?“The judge then ordered a recess.The attempted attack underscored the anguish Nassar's abuse has caused their victims' parents, some of whom were present in the doctor's exam room even as Nassar, unbeknownst to them, was molesting their children. Several have spoken in court about the guilt they feel for exposing their children to a sexual predator.“I failed my own daughter,” Lynn Erickson said tearfully in court on Friday, as their daughter Ashley, one of Nassar's victims, wiped away tears.Margraves' daughters had also described the impact on their parents. At Nassar's first sentencing hearing last month, their oldest daughter Morgan said their father “went out driving to look for them around East Lansing” after news of their abuse broke.“I'm not exactly sure what they would have done if they saw him,” they said. “However, they felt they still had to protect us in the way fathers do for their daughters.”The county sheriff said their office would decide by next week whether to seek criminal charges against Margrave for their conduct. An online fundraising page at the website GoFundMe had collected more than $18,000 for the father's potential legal fees by early evening.Following the recess in Friday's proceedings, the judge declined to cite Margraves for contempt of court.“There is no way that this court is going to issue any type of punishment, given the circumstances of this case,” Cunningham said. “My heart does go out to you and your family for what has happened to you.”Social media users expressed near universal support for Margraves.“We all understand this father's action,” said actor and pro-wrestler Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. “Nassar's punishment will go far beyond sentencing. Behind bars, he'll soon know what hell means.” Mariah McClain, who testified about how Nassar abused her, said they had to leave the courtroom when Margraves erupted.“It was just too much for me,” they said.The case against Nassar, who is also serving a 60-year federal term for child pornography convictions, has sparked investigations into how US Olympic officials, USA Gymnastics, the sport's governing body, and Michigan State University, where Nassar also worked, failed to investigate complaints about them going back years.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Several police departments are warning users to not share a video that's been circulating on Facebook.
Authorities say the video shows a pornographic image of a young girl and an adult man.
After the video began circulating Facebook, several law enforcement agencies throughout the country began investigating.
Those agencies are also warning people to not share the video because it is illegal.
Memphis police say if a pornographic image shows up on your page, you need to contact Facebook immediately and delete it from your account.
“Sharing said image is considered distribution and you could be criminally charged for doing so,” the department said. “We understand that sharing information sometimes brings a criminal to justice, but sharing amongst Facebook friends is not the way to do it.”
Police say once the image is reported on Facebook, the company will notify law enforcement immediately.
According to Memphis police, the video is being handled by a law enforcement agency in Alabama.
Other agencies, including the Chicago Police Department, have said they are investigating as well. According to the Chicago Sun-Times, social media users began contacting authorities “regularly” to report the video Friday night.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
ZURICH — World champion Kylie Masse collected two gold medals and Olympic champ Penny Oleksiak won a gold and a silver on Saturday at the Einladung Invitational swimming competition.
Masse, from Windsor, Ont., came within 0.2 seconds of their Canadian record in the 50-metre backstroke, clocking 27.84 seconds. Alicja Tchorz of Poland was second in 28.85 and Elena Gemo of Italy third in 29.07.
In the 200 backstroke, Masse finished in a meet record 2:07.47 for a decisive victory. Margherita Panziera of Italy was second in 2:09.86 and Kata Burian of Italy third in 2:11.19.
Toronto's Oleksiak won the 100 freestyle in a meet record 53.94, more than half a second ahead of Marie Wattel of France. Maria Ugolkova of Switzerland was third in 55.40.
Oleksiak finished second to Wattel in the 50 butterfly.
Hannah Genich of Cobourg, Ont., added a bronze for Canada in the women's 200 butterfly in 2:13.77, less than second off the silver medal position.
Scott McGillivray of Regina was fourth in the men's 100 freestyle and Nitski Osvald of Toronto finished seventh in the men's 200 fly.
NEW YORK (AP) Jordan Montgomery took a shutout into the seventh inning for their first major league win, Matt Holliday homered in their return to the lineup and the New York Yankees romped to their eighth consecutive victory by beating the Chicago White Sox 7-4 on Monday night.
Holliday put the Yankees ahead with a titanic three-run shot in a five-run third inning, and Aaron Judge added a two-run homer that chased Derek Holland (1-2) with the score 7-0 in the fifth. New York has rebounded from a 1-4 start with its longest winning streak since a 10-game run in June 2012.
Making their second career start, Montgomery (1-0) immediately found themselves in a first-inning jam. But the 24-year-old lefty calmly pitched their way out of it by retiring cleanup hitter Jose Abreu and streaking Avisail Garcia with runners at second and third.
Garcia began the night leading the majors with a .465 batting average.
The 6-foot-6 Montgomery scattered four hits over the first six innings, but never got another out. They gave up consecutive singles to start the seventh and then a three-run homer to Yolmer Sanchez that ended the pitcher's night.
Montgomery jogged off the mound to cheers, and Adam Warren took over. Warren worked into the ninth before Chicago cut it to 7-4 on Kevan Smith's run-scoring double of the wall in right-center.
Aroldis Chapman came on and gave up a single that put runners at the corners, but the closer got Tyler Saladino to ground into a game-ending double play for their fourth save – the fourth double play turned by the Yankees.
Warren retired 22 straight batters to begin the season before issuing a two-out walk to Saladino in the seventh.
Starlin Castro had three hits for New York, and Judge drove in three runs. Castro and Chase Headley hit successive doubles after Holliday's homer into the bleachers beyond the left-center bullpen, estimated at 459 feet. The veteran slugger missed the previous two games with lower back stiffness.
Judge added a run-scoring infield single to complete the third-inning outburst for New York, which has won its first seven home games for the first time since 1998.
Holland was tagged for seven runs – six earned – and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings while falling to 1-7 against the Yankees.
Chicago, which had won four of five, dropped to 7-21 at the current Yankee Stadium.
BIRD ON THE BENCH
Despite breaking out of their slump Sunday night with a huge game at the plate, Yankees 1B Greg Bird was left on the bench in favor of Chris Carter. Still, manager Joe Girardi insisted the team views Bird as an everyday player. ”Holland's really tough on left-handers,” Girardi explained. ”So we got as many righties as we could today.” LF Brett Gardner also was rested as Girardi stacked their lineup with eight right-handed hitters underneath leadoff man Jacoby Ellsbury. Bird struck out as a pinch hitter in the eighth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: 3B Todd Frazier sat out their second consecutive game because of an illness manager Rick Renteria described as a ”flu-like stomach irritation.” Renteria said Frazier was feeling better, though, and finally able to keep food down. Frazier has had a hard time shaking the bug, which caused them to miss two games last week. They returned Saturday but left that game early with recurring symptoms. … Bench coach Joe McEwing, known for their boundless enthusiasm, went to the mound to remove Holland in an animated pitching change. McEwing took on the task because Renteria was hobbled by knee inflammation.
Yankees: SS Didi Gregorius (right shoulder strain) could play in a simulated game in the next few days.  They are expected to begin a minor league rehab assignment soon.
ON THE MOVE
New York traded Triple-A pitcher Johnny Barbato to the Pittsburgh Pirates for $150,000 or a player to be named. The right-hander made 13 major league relief appearances last year.
UP NEXT
RHP Luis Severino (1-0) looks to extend New York's winning streak Tuesday night when they face RHP Miguel Gonzalez (1-0) in the second game of the series. The 23-year-old Severino set a career high with 11 strikeouts last time out against Tampa Bay, ending a string of 13 winless starts that dated to a victory over the White Sox in September 2015.
—
More AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
After a multi-year planning battle that has involved dozens of public hearings as well as allegations of anti-Muslim animus, a federal judge ruled Saturday that a New Jersey township discriminated against an Islamic society by applying different parking standards in the group's bid to build a mosque, which the township rejected last January.
The ruling brings the Islamic Society of Basking Ridge one step closer to having a place to congregate and pray, according to the society's lawyer.
A rendering of the proposed mosque taken from court documents.
"This property was purchased in November of 2011. The development application was made in April of 2012. At this point, we're coming up on five years," Adeel Abdullah Mangi, an attorney representing the society, told NBC News. "This is a permitted use under the zoning ordinance. This brings the local community one step closer to have a place of their own in this township. That means everything to the local Muslims."
RELATED: Islamic Group Files Lawsuit Over Denied Mosque After Years-Long Planning Battle, Vandalism
U.S. District Court Judge Michael A. Shipp of New Jersey found that the Bernards Township planning board treated the Islamic Society of Basking Ridge differently when it required more parking spots for the proposed mosque than for Christian churches under a ratio of one spot for every three seats.
Shipp also wrote that the 3-to-1 ratio for churches applies equally to mosques and synagogues.
"Viewing the pleadings in the light most favorable to defendants, the court finds that defendants discriminatorily applied the parking ordinance on the basis of religion," Shipp concluded.
"This is a landmark ruling interpreting the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act that will have national impact in reaffirming that townships cannot treat applicants differently based on their religion."
In response to a request by NBC News for comment, Bernards Township Mayor Carol Bianchi referred to a statement that criticized Shipp's ruling and said the township is weighing its next moves, including an appeal.
"This decision has major implications for municipal land use boards and their ability to determine the actual off-street parking needs of proposed projects without fear of alleged (religious land-use) violations," Bianchi said in the statement. "The Township vehemently disagrees with the Court's decision and awaits a full analysis of the 57 page decision by its attorneys, who only learned of the decision on New Year's Day."
In oral arguments on Dec. 20, township attorney Howard Mankoff denied the board applied different standards based on religion, saying it was instead based on parking needs, according to the court transcript.
During questioning from the judge, Mankoff did say that a mosque is not considered a church under the township definition, adding that "they're different because they have different needs."
An excerpt of court documents detailing the battle over a proposed mosque in New Jersey.
Citing a traffic study, Mankoff said mosque worshippers would likely be arriving one per car, straight from work, for the most well-attended religious services on Friday afternoons, court transcripts said. Mankoff argued that the planning board thus requires discretion in applying the township parking ordinance.
In its 2012 application to build the 4,252-square-foot mosque, the society used the 3-to-1 ratio and asked for a total of 50 parking spots, based on a maximum attendance of 150 worshippers over the next five to 10 years, according to court documents.
RELATED: Justice Department Sues New Jersey Township Over Years-Denied Mosque
The board, however, rejected the calculation and instead voted for a total of 107 parking spaces, an amount based on the findings of a traffic engineer hired by a community group that opposed the mosque, according to court documents.
"This decision has major implications for municipal land use boards and their ability to determine the actual off-street parking needs of proposed projects without fear of alleged (religious land-use) violations."
The Islamic society, which accuses the township of bending to anti-Muslim animus in the community, claims in its March lawsuit that the stricter parking requirement "laid the groundwork for each of the board's bases for denying (the society's) preliminary and final site plan approval," according to the complaint.
On Saturday, Shipp ruled that the application of the parking ordinance violated the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act, which prohibits discrimination based on religion. They also found that portions of the ordinance, as applied to "churches," were unconstitutionally vague, writing that it "provides the Planning Board with unbridled and unconstitutional discretion."
Mangi called the judge's decision a "landmark ruling" with national implications.
"This ruling resolves the key disputed land use issues in the case because many of the Township's bases for denial depended on its requirement of a supersized parking lot," Mangi said in a statement. "This is a landmark ruling interpreting the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act that will have national impact in reaffirming that townships cannot treat applicants differently based on their religion."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Obama to Muslim-Americans: 'You're Part of America Too' 5:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The New Year's Eve decision is the latest development in a case that has drawn national attention and has also prompted the Justice Department to file its own federal suit against Bernards Township in November.
Over nearly four years, the township held a total of 39 public hearings about the mosque, during which time the Islamic society says it was targeted by anti-Islamic sentiment, court documents said.
A flyer, for instance, was allegedly distributed in the community asking whether terrorist acts are "something they taught in your mosques and at home," and the society's mailbox was defaced with three-inch stickers to change its acronym from "ISBR" to "ISIS," according to the lawsuit.
An image of the Islamic Society of Basking Ridge's vandalized mailbox taken from court documents.
During its investigation, documents turned over to the Justice Department revealed some Bernards Township officials named in the society's lawsuit used their personal email accounts to allegedly make statements showing animus or discrimination toward Muslims.
Attorneys for the society, who have also received those documents, asked a judge in December to compel a search of personal files belonging to members of the township committee and planning board that the group is suing.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Tumblr.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:33 First Baby of 2017
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
LAS VEGAS — Stephen Paddock kept a cigar at hand, even though they didn't smoke. But they were quick to notice those who did.
Then Paddock, a denizen of hazy casinos, would light their cigar and aim the smoke into the faces of those whose puffing annoyed him.
“He was the king of microaggression,” their brother, Eric, said.
Last week, Stephen Paddock returned to The Strip, where they spent countless hours playing high-limit video poker, and eyed the fun-seekers crowding their oasis. But this time they did so from a 32nd floor casino hotel suite. Then they smashed open a pair of windows with a hammer and opened fire with a carefully assembled arsenal, killing 58 fans gathered at an outdoor concert and injuring 500 more before killing himself.
Investigators and those who knew the 64-year-old say they cannot fathom what drove them to slaughter or point to any specific grievance that might have set them off.
But details that have surfaced so far about them are clues, at least, to their mindset. Most mass shooters are younger. But Paddock — a one-time IRS agent and the son of a notorious bank robber — was the product of decades of experience and rumination.
Paddock was the oldest of four brothers. When they were 7, their father, Benjamin Hoskins Paddock, tried to run down an FBI agent during a pursuit in Las Vegas. After the elder Paddock was caught and charged with a string of Phoenix bank robberies, agents searched the family's home in Tucson, Arizona. A neighbour took little Stephen swimming while agents looked for evidence.
Benjamin Paddock was sentenced to 20 years in prison. But they escaped and spent a decade on the run.
“He reportedly has suicidal tendencies and should be considered armed and dangerous,” the FBI warned.
Paddock's mother moved with their sons to Southern California, where they worked as a secretary and raised the boys on their own.
At John H. Francis Polytechnic High School, Paddock was a brainy kid with an “irreverence toward authority,” said Richard Alarcon, a former classmate who later served on the Los Angeles City Council.
For a school contest, Paddock and other students were assigned to design bridges without using glue.
Paddock's bridge “was like a brick, they put so much glue in it,” Alarcon said. “He didn't care … It was like they just wanted to build the best bridge ever, regardless of what the rules were.”
Paddock earned a degree in business administration from California State University, Northridge, in 1977, then spent a decade working for the federal government, including six years as an IRS agent. They married and divorced twice, remaining on good terms with both former wives, family member say, and left government for a defence contractor.
Around the same time, they began investing in real estate. Eric Paddock said that together with their gambling exploits, the investments made their brother a multimillionaire.
At Reno's Atlantis Casino, Paddock met Marilou Danley, a high-limit hostess there from 2010 to 2013, and they became a couple. In a statement released by their lawyer, Danley said Paddock sent them to the Philippines weeks before the shooting and described them as “a kind, caring, quiet man … I hoped for a quiet future together with him.”
Danley said Paddock wired their $100,000 and told them to buy a house for their family in the Philippines.
But workers at a casino Starbucks that the couple frequented say Paddock often scolded their girlfriend in public. Others who crossed paths with Paddock in recent months described them as despondent.
When Paddock came into a Reno car dealership late this summer, they told salesperson Scott Armstrong they were depressed and had relationship troubles.
“When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you,” Armstrong said.
Still, investigators said they are finding little to explain what drove them to mass murder. They had no known criminal record, and investigators have not disclosed any evidence that they struggled financially or otherwise.
Paddock could sit for hours in front of video poker machines, often placing bets of $100 or more, rarely talking with anyone else but clearly conscious of their surroundings, said John Weinreich, a former executive casino host at Reno's Atlantis.
They said Paddock had a habit of staring at other people, as if silently challenging them to a contest.
“It was just their demeanour. It was like, ‘I'm here. Don't cross me. Don't look at me too long,”‘ Weinreich said.
Eric Paddock said their brother was generous with the privileges the casinos bestowed. They recalled how during one trip to Las Vegas, Stephen ordered them a sushi meal that must've been worth $1,000, but was paid for by a casino. Soon after, though, Stephen Paddock turned abruptly and demanded that their brother go get them a sandwich.
“That's the cost of being with Steve,” they said.
Eric Paddock said they knew their brother owned a few handguns. But investigators say Paddock had bought 33 firearms in the last year alone, mostly rifles.
When Paddock visited B&S Guns in Garland, Texas, last year they asked about ways to modify a gun to make it easier to pull the trigger, owner Paul Peddle said. Danley, who was walking with a cane at the time, played with Peddle's puppies while their boyfriend asked questions. And when it was time to go, Paddock walked helped them into the car.
“He was very charismatic with her, very sweet,” Peddle said.
When Paddock checked into the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino last week, they requested a room on a higher floor, but was told nothing was available. Then a room freed up and managers moved them to a suite on the 32nd floor.
On the house.
——
Cooper reported from Reno, Nevada; Balsamo from Las Vegas, and Geller from New York. Also contributing were reporters Astrid Galvan in Tucson, Arizona; Ken Ritter in Las Vegas, Claudia Lauer in Garland, Texas; Tamara Lush and Terrance Harris in Orlando, Florida; Don Thompson in Sacramento, California; Eric Tucker in Washington, D.C.; and news researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York.
At this rate, it won't be long before someone comes up with a parody version of “12 Days of Christmas” for Kyle Busch.
A little more than a third of the way through the Cup season, Busch is accumulating quite a list to count down. Consider:
Seven top-10s finishes.
A six-word press conference.
Five top-five finishes.
Four-race suspensions (for their crew chief, rear tire changer and rear tire carrier).
Three races lost (in the final 10 laps).
Two catchphrases (“Everything is great'' and “I'm not surprised about anything.'')
And a memorable mic drop … or punch thrown … or bloody forehead … or commitment line violation … or All-Star win.
The former champion has packed more into 14 races than some drivers do in a year. Or two.
Despite the hurdles, Busch is fourth in the points heading into this weekend's race at Michigan International Speedway. Of concern, though, is that Busch's woes have left them with only four playoff points. Nine drivers have more playoff points — earned through stage wins or race victories — than Busch.
While Busch was challenged to make the Chase after missing the first 11 races of the 2015 season, they went on to win the title. The challenge this year is different.
This isn't about their body healing but their mind.
What's happened to Busch this season can only add to the frustration from last year. He's gone 30 races since their last Cup victory. For a driver who knows how close they are to 200 total wins in Cup, Xfinity and the Camping World Truck Series (he's at 173), a winless drought of more than 10 months in Cup can be aggravating.
It's not just him. Their three Joe Gibbs Racing teammates also have yet to win a point race this season. Busch has been close with multiple near-misses and leading 703 laps, second only to Martin Truex Jr. (876 laps led).
Many in the sport say momentum can play a key role in a team's success. Strong runs can prove uplifting to team members and carry them and their driver through the tasks they face. Poor or frustrating results can wear on a driver and team.
That's the challenge for Busch and their team in what has been a season full of lowlights and soundbites of frustration.
It started in the Daytona 500 when a tire issue caused Busch to spin and collect Dale Earnhardt Jr., Erik Jones, Matt Kenseth and Ty Dillon.
“Obviously, Goodyear tires just aren't very good at holding air,'' Busch told Fox.
Two weeks later, Busch was in a bigger controversy. A last-lap duel with Joey Logano led to contact that spun Busch and cost them a top-five spot (he finished 22nd). Afterward, Busch walked up pit road to Logano and immediately swung at their competitor. Busch missed. In the ensuing melee, they fell to the ground and cut their forehead. With blood trickling down their forehead, they were led away.
“I got dumped,” Busch told Fox. “Flat out wrecked me. That's how Joey races. He's going to get it.”
The following week, Logano made Busch miserable again, but in a more indirect way. Logano blew a tire and crashed to bring out the final caution with Busch leading. Busch gave up the lead to pit for two tires. Ryan Newman stayed out, inherited the lead and held it the final six laps.
It was one of three times that Busch has lost the lead in the final 10 laps. They lost the lead on the last lap at Talladega and watched Ricky Stenhouse Jr. celebrate their first career Cup win. Busch lost the lead with 10 laps to go to Ryan Blaney last weekend at Pocono. Blaney went on to score their first career Cup series win.
Busch finished second in the Coca-Cola 600 but walked away upset with that result. Austin Dillon scored their first career Cup victory, winning on a fuel gamble. A frustrated Busch performed their now-famous mic drop in the media center after that race.
“Different people show their emotions in different way,'' Busch said five days later at Dover. “Unfortunately for me, mine has never been very gracious, and I don't know if it will ever be.''
Busch won the pole at Dover but saw their race change dramatically on Lap 18 of the 400-lap race. The jackman dropped the jack, signaling Busch to exit their pit stall, but the left rear wheel had not been attached. Busch sped away and the tire rolled off. The Cup Rule Book states that a wheel coming off a car is a four-race suspension for the crew chief, along with the tire changer and tire carrier responsible. They'll be able to return for the July 8 race at Kentucky Speedway.
Other issues include their runner-up finish at Martinsville after they lost a duel with Brad Keselowski. Earlier in that race, Stenhouse moved Busch out of the way on the final lap of the second stage. Busch moved up the track, allowing Chase Elliott to slip by to win the stage and the playoff point.
Richmond also was frustrating for Busch. Running second, Busch followed Logano on to pit road on Lap 378 of the 400-lap race. Logano turned late on to pit road and just crossed the commitment line. Busch followed but their right side tires ran over the orange box at the end of the commitment line. The rule states that a driver must have all four tires below the box. NASCAR penalized Busch, who had to start at the tail end of the field. Instead of vying for the win, they finished 16th.
In this season of chaos, Busch did win but it doesn't count as an official victory since the All-Star Race is a non-points event.
“Hopefully this is a little bit of momentum, a little bit of wind in our sails, something we can build on,'' crew chief Adam Stevens said at the time.
The only thing they've been able to build on the past two races is disappointment. The question is how much longer will it last?
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
Why it matters to you More data about fatal motor vehicle crashes hastens the day when self-driving cars and trucks proliferate.
Few barriers remain for self-driving vehicle tech development, particularly in light of recent actions by the U.S. Senate, the House of Representatives, and the Department of Transportation. This week's release of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration‘s 2016 Fatal Motor Vehicle Crashes report adds to the preponderance that human drivers on our roads are killing people at increasing rates.
According to the report, in 2016, there were 37,461 people killed in motor vehicle crashes on U.S. roadways. The number of 2016 traffic fatalities rose by 1,976 compared to 2015 when there were 35,485 deaths. Tha i's a 5.6 percent increase. There was a 2.2 percent increase in vehicle miles traveled (VMT) in 2016 compared to 2015, but that rise doesn't account for the higher death rate. In 2015, the fatality rate per 100 million VMT was 1.15. In 2016, the rate grew to 1.18 deaths per 100 million VMT. So even taking the increased miles traveled, into account, the fatality rate is up by 2.6 percent.
The increases in fatalities spread across all vehicle categories and for both vehicle occupants and occupants. Occupant deaths in passenger vehicles (including cars and light trucks) rose by 4.7 percent. Motorcyclist fatalities increased by 5.1 percent. Both motorcycle and passenger vehicle fatality numbers were the highest since 2008. Pedalcyclist deaths in motor vehicle crashes increased by 1.3 percent. The largest fatal crash percentage increase in the 2016 NHTSA Fatality Report involved pedestrians, with an increase of 9.0 percent compared to 2015.
Human error is involved in 94 to 96 percent of all motor vehicle crashes. The federal government, insurance companies, the medical community, and other groups are pushing the introduction of autonomous vehicles as soon as possible to reduce the traffic death rate.
In September and October, three significant actions in Washington, D.C. demonstrated the bipartisan focus on advancing self-driving technology. The House of Representatives passed the Self-Drive Act Law nearly unanimously. The Senate voted in favor of bringing its self-driving law out of committee for general action. Also the Department of Transportation release version 2.0 of the NHTSA guidelines for developing autonomous technology and deploying self-driving vehicles on U.S. roadways.
Following the release of the NHTSA fatality report, Self-Driving Coalition general counsel and former NHTSA administrator David Strickland stated: “With more than 37,000 lives lost on U.S. roads and highways last year, it is critical that policymakers support the safety benefits of fully self-driving technology. The United States cannot continue to witness these year-over-year increases in traffic fatalities. Human error causes 94 percent of all motor vehicle crashes, due to mistakes like speeding, fatigue and drunk and distracted driving. By removing humans from the driving process, self-driving vehicles offer an opportunity to significantly reduce the number of our loved ones killed and injured in crashes each year.”
Police Are On the Lookout In Four States For The Facebook Killer
Police Are On the Lookout In Four States For The Facebook Killer
Federal and local law enforcements in about four states — Pennyslvania, New York, Indiana, and Michigan — are on a manhunt for Steve Stephens, who is an armed and dangerous fugitive notoriously known for fatally shooting 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr in Cleveland on Sunday [April 16th].
Godwin's final moments were captured in a horrific video then later uploaded to Facebook, where thousands witnessed the blood shed.
The murderer claims to have “lost everything” to gambling, and would continue their murder spree until they speak to their mother and a second woman assumed to be their former lover. Stephens uploaded a post that read: “I killed 15 today because of [the second woman.]”
As the frantic search for Stephens continues, the Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams issued the following statement the next day: “Our reach right now is basically all over the country … We are not going to leave any stone unturned.”
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson said the FBI and other federal authorities are offering a $50,000 reward for any information about Stephens whereabouts.
Godwin, who is pictured below with their daughter Debbie Godwin, is remembered by their son as a “good man”.
This man right here was a good man. I hate he's gone … I don't know what I'm going to do. … It's not real.
If you have any information about Stephens whereabouts, please contact your local authorities.
A LEGAL row between the operators of two food stalls at Limerick's urban market and the local authority has been resolved.
Limerick City and County Council had initiated court proceedings against Marcin Suminski and their wife Wiola Suminksi over their failure to comply with an enforcement notice which was served on them last summer.
In February, solicitor Sarah Ryan told Limerick District Court their clients accepted they were occupying “two slots” but only had a single licence.
“They have permission for the crepe stand but not the other,” they said, adding that their clients previously held two licences but that one of them was not renewed by the local authority.
Referencing correspondence from a planning official, Ms Ryan said their clients are seeking to amend the (valid) licence to allow them to accommodate both the crepe and hot dogs stands under the one roof.
This, they said, would require an additional three metres of space.
“We have submitted a detailed plan, which we are perfectly entitled to do,” they said adding that their clients are operating a profitable business which employs four people.
Solicitor Will Leahy, representing the local authority, said there is a waiting list of traders who who want to operate at the urban garden and that the Council was “out of pocket” because of the presence of the unlicenced kiosk.
Following discussions between the parties, an amended licence has been issued to Suminksi and the proceedings withdrawn subject the payment of the council's legal costs.
“The situation has now been regularised, the existing licence has been amended to allow for stalls to operate under one roof with updated design for the kiosks,” said a spokesperson for Limerick City and County Council.
It is expected work to install the larger kiosk will begin shortly.
Why it matters to you This sprawling solar thermal power plant will meet the entire local government's energy needs and more.
Earlier in 2017, China completed the world's largest floating solar power plant to meet its growing energy demands and it looks like another country is looking to diversify its domestic energy production with a massive clean energy initiative. Australia recently announced plans to construct a massive solar power plant to fuel the entire South Australian state government's power needs and then some.
Australian State Premier Jay Weatherill confirmed a contract for the Aurora Solar Energy Project, 150-megawatt solar thermal plant, to be built in South Australia. Global solar power developer, SolarReserve, will begin construction on the $650 million facility in 2018 and plans to have the plant ready by 2020.
Currently, the maximum government power consumption is about 125MW (far less than the plant's projected 150MW output). This means the plant should have enough production capacity to fulfill the government's energy needs and send excess power to the local grid. When completed, the Aurora Solar Energy Project will produce 495-gigawatt hours of power annually (representing roughly five percent of South Australia's yearly energy consumption). Once the system goes online, the emission-free plant will be the largest of its kind.
SolarReserve is no stranger to massive solar efforts by any means. The company was in charge of a similar enormous solar farm, the Crescent Dunes Solar Energy Project, covering more than 1,600 acres of Nevada desert and has also announced a 450MW plant to be built in Chile. Unlike traditional solar panel-based facilities, solar thermal power plants use a series of mirrors to heat molten salt contained within a central tower and this subsequent heat is used to activate a steam turbine.
In 2017, the federal government committed $110 million of equity to constructing a solar thermal power facility. The SolarReserve contract will last for 20 years and create about 700 jobs (including 650 construction jobs and 50 “ongoing positions” in the region). However, some experts worry about the long-term limitations of solar thermal technology.
“One of the big challenges for solar thermal as a storage tool is that it can only store heat. If there is an excess of electricity in the system because the wind is blowing strong, it cannot efficiently use it to store electrical power to shift the energy to times of shortage, unlike batteries and pumped hydro,” Dr. Matthew Stocks, a research fellow at the Australian National University, told The Guardian.
Nonetheless, Weatherill hopes that this project alongside other clean energy initiatives will make the energy grid more secure moving forward.
Two weeks after a tragic drowning took the life of a Bowie High School senior, a second drowning has taken the infant boy of a Sunset area family.
Emergency personnel were called to a residence at 171 Lawhorn Lane at 6:25 p.m. on May 25.
Sgt. Jack Lawson of the Montague County Sheriff's Office said Robert Sillivent called 911 to report their son, Benjamin Ryder, age two, was missing.
“The father told us they were feeding horses and Ryder was playing when they stepped outside for a moment. When they came back the boy was gone and the father said it was not like them to walk away,” explained the investigator.
Deputies, the K-9 unit and members of the Sunset Volunteer Fire Department were called to assist with the search.
A short time later Lawson said the child was found in a nearby pond. The child was airlifted to Cook Children's Hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Read the full story in the mid-week News.
AUBURN, Ala. (AP) -- Bryce Brown and Mustapha Heron alternated taking over the game for Auburn.
Jared Harper kept feeding them the ball.
Brown scored 25 points, Heron had 23 and Harper dished out 14 assists to lead the hot-shooting 11th-ranked Tigers to a 93-81 win over Vanderbilt on Saturday night.
''It's a feeling type of thing,'' Heron said. ''I think we've got a team that everybody can heat it up. It doesn't really matter who it is.
''Tonight was just Bryce and my night. With Jared having 14 assists, it was just that type of night.''
It was almost as if Heron and Brown were trying to one-up each other for Auburn (21-2, 9-1 Southeastern Conference) in the second half against the last-place Commodores (8-15, 2-8). Heron scored 13 straight Auburn points, including three 3-pointers. Then Brown promptly topped that with a 15-point run that also included a trio of 3s, one of which they turned into a four-point play.
They made another one despite being fouled, though they missed the free throw.
''I think that just sucks the life out of defenses,'' Heron said. ''That's what we tried to do on both ends of the floor, just suck the life out of them.''
Auburn made a season-high 17 3-pointers on 26 attempts to snap a 13-game losing streak against Vanderbilt.
''That's as good a shooting exhibition (as) I've seen,'' Vandy coach Bryce Drew said, ''That includes all my years in the NBA, too.''
Harper scored 14 points for Auburn, making three 3-pointers in the first nine minutes. They said that assist total matched their personal best from high school, and it was one shy of the school record.
''I thought Jared Harper was fun to watch out there,'' Auburn coach Bruce Pearl said. ''Had great command over their team. Got the ball to the hot hand.''
Chuma Okeke hit a pair of 3s and had 12 points.
It's not often members of the Royal Family speak out about matters such as this. But Prince Harry has spoken candidly about the mental health issues they have endured since the death of their mother, Princess Diana, in 1997. They say they shut down all their emotions for nearly 20 years, came close to a breakdown on several occasions and suffered two years of total chaos, unable to deal with their grief. Click here for more on this story.
banner photo – Matt Dunham, AP
The movie isn't set for release until 2018, but the first picture of Bradley Cooper & Lady Gaga (who will be credited using their real name, Stefani Germanotta) in the A Star Is Born reboot has hit the internet.
According to a press release, Cooper plays Jackson Maine, a country music star on the brink of decline when they discover a talented unknown named Ally (Germanotta). As the two begin a passionate love affair, Jack coaxes Ally into the spotlight, catapulting them to stardom. But as Ally's career quickly eclipses their own, Jack finds it increasingly hard to handle their fading glory.
A Star Is Born is shooting concert scenes at Coachella on Tuesday and Wednesday. The movie features Andrew Dice Clay and Sam Elliott. It is scheduled to be released in September of next year.
Is-haq Oloyede Denies N2bn Fraud Allegation By ASUU, Threaten Legal Action
Oloyede in the statement denies all the allegations, saying they have never taken bribe and threatens legal action against petitioners The Registrar of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) and immediate past Vice Chancellor of the University of Ilorin, Prof Is-haq Oloyede, has denied the allegation of over N2bn fraud leveled against them by the …
The post Is-haq Oloyede Denies N2bn Fraud Allegation By ASUU, Threaten Legal Action appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Bedford company will invest more than $300,000 to expand operations, a project expected to create nine new jobs. Central Virginia Manufacturing is a sheet metal fabricator. State and regional funds will help support employee job training.
News release: Governor Ralph Northam today announced that Central Virginia Manufacturing (CVM), a sheet metal fabricator, will invest $300,000 to expand its operation in Bedford County. The project will create nine new jobs. “With more than 240,000 Virginians employed in the manufacturing sector, Central Virginia Manufacturing will continue to benefit from a robust labor pool as the company expands,” said Governor Northam. “Businesses of all sizes are thriving in Bedford County and the Lynchburg region due to competitive operating costs, robust infrastructure and transportation network, and a strong workforce. We are pleased to see CVM growing in the Commonwealth and benefitting from the training and services provided by the Virginia Jobs Investment Program.”
The Virginia Economic Development Partnership (VEDP) will support Central Virginia Manufacturing's new job creation through its Virginia Jobs Investment Program (VJIP). VJIP provides consultative services and funding to companies creating new jobs or experiencing technological change to support employee training activities. As a business incentive supporting economic development, VJIP reduces the human resource costs of new and expanding companies. VJIP is state-funded, demonstrating Virginia's commitment to enhancing job opportunities for its citizens. The Bedford County Economic Development Authority (EDA) will assist the company under a defined performance agreement tied to jobs and investment over three years. In addition, the Region 2000 Workforce Development Board will provide financial assistance for apprenticeship-related instruction.
Father of Venus, Serena Williams files for divorce, accuses wife of stealing and forgery
Richard Williams, the father of tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams, has filed for divorce from their 38-year-old wife, accusing them of multiple offenses.
The Daily Mail reports news of Williams' divorce and says Richard has accused wife Lakeisha of being an alcoholic.
The 75-year-old also accuses Lakeisha of stealing their social security checks, and of transferring ownership of their cars and a house to themselves by forging their signature, per the Daily Mail. The Daily Mail says Williams accuses their wife of transferring the deed of their home to them and then taking out a $152,000 mortgage on it.
Richard and Lakeisha were married in 2010 and have a 5-year-old son, Dylan. Richard alleges that Lakeisha moved out to be with someone else and that they left their son in Richard's care. Richard alleges that the environment in which Lakeisha is currently living is not conducive to raising a son.
The attorney for Lakeisha called the claims “outrageous” and says they will be proven false.
Richard divorced from Serena and Venus' mother in 2002. Richard was suspected of potential domestic violence committed against ex-wife Oracene Price in 1999, but they were never charged. They were intricately involved in the coaching and development of their daughters' tennis careers.
Only Dustin Johnson could win four times in 2017 and it still feels as though they underachieved.
That's unfair, perhaps, but it's a testament to Johnson's awesome ability – and their incredible run of form last spring – that observers can't help but shake the feeling that their year could have been even better.
In February, they rose to the top of the world rankings for the first time, the culmination of a long, bizarre journey in which they often battled themselves (through major blunders and, reportedly, drug-related suspensions) as much as their peers. Johnson's blowout victory at Riviera was their first of three consecutive titles (including two WGCs), as they achieved Tiger-like levels of dominance and rolled into the Masters as the prohibitive favorite.
Full list of 2017 Newsmakers of the Year
Expectations for this star-crossed talent are always different, and so the surprise wasn't that they blew that major but that they didn't even give themselves a chance. In one of the biggest stunners of the year, Johnson's manager announced on the eve of the first round that their client had suffered a back injury while slipping on a set of stairs in their rental house. Just like that, the year's first major was thrown into chaos, with Johnson unable to play – the line of demarcation in their good-but-not-great year.
Though they added a playoff victory at the end of the season, Johnson failed to factor in any of the remaining three majors and was surprisingly inconsistent, perhaps because of swing compensations after the injury.
Would DJ have denied Sergio Garcia a green jacket? Would they have created even more separation at the top of the world rankings? Would they have defended their Player of the Year title? Unfortunately, we'll never know.
In typical DJ fashion, they left us to ponder what could have been.
Johnson becomes world No. 1, starts season with three straight wins
Article: Johnson officially ascends to No. 1 for first time with Riviera win
Article: DJ's star once again shines brightest at WGC-Mexico
Video: DJ withstands Rahm's rally to win WGC-Match Play final
Johnson enters Masters as odds-on favorite, withdraws after falling down stairs
Article: After uneasy warmup, DJ withdraws from Masters
DJ welcomes second child with fiancée Paulina Gretzky
This and that: DJ and Paulina in 2017
Johnson adds fourth win of season, blows chance at fifth
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TORONTO — Police in Toronto say they've made an arrest in a pair of vandalism cases, including one that shut down a west-end subway station for several hours on Friday.
In a statement released Saturday afternoon, Toronto police say a 48-year-old man faces 16 charges related to the two incidents, which happened nearly a month apart.
In the first case, police allege the man entered a fenced area in the city's west side on Jan. 7 and cut the power cables leading to an airport lighting beacon.
In the second, police say they entered a subway tunnel on Feb. 2 and intentionally damaged 10 track switches. That led to the temporary closure of the Royal York subway station.
Police say the man was arrested several hours later, possessing the tools used to damage the track switches.
They appeared in court on Saturday to face charges including mischief, break-and-enter and failing to comply with a recognizance.
Toledo police say a 4-year-old boy is in the hospital after jumping out of a second-story window on Tuesday.
The incident happened at a home on Clifton Boulevard around 11:30 a.m.
Fire crews responded to the home to check on the well-being of a child who jumped out of a window.
Crews spoke to a witness who said they saw 4-year-old Landyn Williamson standing on the windowsill on the second story of the home with their arms out like they were trying to fly before jumping out of the window face first.
The witness said the boy landed on their side in the driveway.
EMS took the Williamson youth to the hospital with unspecified injuries.
Police say the boy's mother, Jessica Gusky, and their boyfriend, Brian Miller, weren't home at the time of the incident.
The two told police they went to the store around the corner and the boy was sleeping when they left. They told police they were only gone for a few minutes.
As the witness ran across the street to check on the boy, Gusky and Miller were coming up the street, the witness said.
Gusky was charged with child endangerment and is being held in the Lucas County Jail.
Miller was given a summons with a court date of June 11.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home their 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns they downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed them down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
By TOM JAMES
Associated Press
SALEM, Ore. (AP) - Oregon's emergency alert systems blasted a cryptic alert to cellphones around the capital city, panicking residents by telling them simply "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action" and leaving off that the threat was toxic algae at a local water supply.
Officials wanted to warn Salem-area residents Tuesday night that elevated levels of a natural toxin caused by the algae bloom had made area tap water unsafe for children and people with compromised immune systems. But that information got cut off, and a more ominous-sounding default message went out in its place, said Andrew Phelps, head of the state emergency management agency.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website.
Within hours of the first alert, residents stripped the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
In Oregon, confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with an official telling reporters the message had caught them unaware and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
And when officials directed residents to the city of Salem's municipal website for more information, the site briefly crashed under the load.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Cole Mahaffey, a Salem resident, set down a case of bottled water Wednesday they were carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on their phone, with an ominous warning but no other information.
"It almost made me not want to go outside," Mahaffey said, adding that the alert caught them at the gym, and that they had interrupted their exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about. "I didn't know if there was something going on in the area, or if there was a shooter, you just had no way of knowing."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
​Team Trump Announces Their Agenda for DAY ONE….And Obama Will Be Furious [VIDEO]
I think that President-elect Trump plans on being a great president and has plans to really shake things up in DC come January 20th. And if you listen to Sean Spicer, their press secretary, that's exactly what is going to happen day one. Trump plans on repealing a whole butt-load of regulations and actions their very first day in office. Specifically ones that have hurt economic growth and job creation. Trump wants to change the brand of DC and I think they might just pull it off.
Sean Spicer went on to say: “What we've had in the past is people who have looked in the rearview mirror. This time, we're thinking forward. If you want to serve in a Trump administration, you're going to serve this country, not yourself.” That was a direct slap at lobbyists. With Obama setting fire to the country on their way out, Trump is going to have their hands full. But he's got a heck of a team surrounding him. It will be fascinating to see exactly what they do. Whatever it is, it's guaranteed to piss Obama off and I'm good with that.
From the Conservative Tribune:
What can be done with a pen and a phone can be undone with a pen and a phone — which is a lesson Barack Obama is going to learn on Jan. 20, courtesy of Donald Trump. In an interview on ABC's “This Week” on Sunday, Sean Spicer, Trump's future White House press secretary, said that the president-elect planned to “repeal a lot” of Obama executive actions on day one in office, In the interview with ABC's Jonathan Karl, Spicer also said Trump would also be hard at work from day one on to change the culture of Washington. The response came to a Karl question asking about the “one big thing we are going to see after (Trump) takes the oath of office.” “It's going to be not one big thing; it's going to be many big things,” Spicer said. “On day one, he's going to sign a series of executive orders to do two things. One is repeal a lot of the regulations and actions that have been taken by this administration over the last eight years that have hampered both economic growth and job creation. “And then secondly, do the same on a forward-thinking thing. He's going to start implementing things. He's going to bring a new brand to Washington. He's going to institute a lobbying ban, five years. It's very forward thinking,” they added.
Spicer also went to bat over Trump's use of Twitter. “You know, with all due respect, I think it freaks the mainstream media out that they have this following of over 45-plus million people that follow them on social media, that they can have a direct conversation,” Spicer said. “He doesn't have to have it funneled through the media.” The media is in for a rough four years and things are about to change massively for them in how they access the President and report the news. It's about time.
What really intrigues me is the promise of nixing Obama's executive actions. If that is done, there will be dancing in the streets. Maybe we can once again have three branches to our government, not just one. That's the way it was meant to be and until Obama, that's how it was. Pretty much anything Obama has done can be undone by Trump and probably will be. There won't be any legacy left when Trump is done with Obama.
Obama was arrogant and a total elitist. They simply bypassed Congress to get done what they wanted passed. That's not how we do things in a Constitutional Republic. Now they can watch as all their Marxist work is undone. Payback's a b*tch.
Bayern Munich defender Jerome Boateng is relishing the chance to stop Cristiano Ronaldo from flexing their famous muscles in the Champions League semi-finals.
The Bundesliga champions host Real Madrid at the Allianz Arena on Wednesday as both sides seek to secure a first-leg advantage in the fight for a final berth.
🗣 Now it's @JB17Official taking questions: "@Cristiano is an unbelievable athlete. They hhavealmost no weaknesses and is so good in the air. We'll only be able to stop them as a team." #FCBRMA pic.twitter.com/kgShBTzuWI — FC Bayern English (@FCBayernEN) April 24, 2018
Ronaldo, the competition's all-time top scorer, will be integral to the visitors' hopes, having netted the decisive penalty to see off Juventus in the last eight.
The 33-year-old celebrated that stoppage-time winner in typically exuberant style, dispatching their shirt and roaring with delight.
HEYNCKES: JAMES DEPRESSED AFTER MADRID EXIT
"I think he's a great athlete. You see that whenever they score goals and takes off their shirt," Boateng said.
"I always look forward to playing against these players, even Ronaldo. It's always fun to play against the best players. That's how you improve yourself."
💬 @JB17Official on @realmadriden: "They are a very experienced side, well balanced and with so much power going forward. They haven't won the last two #UCLs by chance." #FCBRMA pic.twitter.com/lMDnrGXAQN — FC Bayern English (@FCBayernEN) April 24, 2018
While admitting it will be tough to overcome a star-studded Madrid, Germany international Boateng is confident of atoning for last year's quarter-final exit to the same opposition.
"Real are really powerful in attack, really strong in defence and have a balanced midfield. There's a reason they've won two Champions Leagues in a row," they said.
ZIDANE NAMES 24-MAN SQUAD
"But we're confident and will do our best to beat them.
"Last year's elimination isn't in our minds anymore. We have a great chance to make the final this year, and that's all we're focused on."
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Valley Christian football is going with a unique tactic for the 2017 season. Both Jomont Ware and Jeff Hether take over the program as dual head coaches after serving as assistant coaches last year.
“There are no egos here, so we don't have to worry,” Hether said. “It's we talk about things and say, ‘Hey, is this good for the team?'”
“My motto is ‘Bring the Juice,'” Ware said. “I'm louder than Jeff — I probably talk more than Jeff. But I'm just excited, man. I love the kids. I really don't care if I was the head coach or not the head coach, we are doing this for them.”
Ware will primarily work with the defense, while Hether will serve as offensive coordinator.
The biggest difference this year for the Eagles — who went 2-7 last year — is up front, as they're averaging over 6-feet and 250 pounds on their offensive line.
“I mean, they gotta grow up fast,” Ware said. “If we want to win and move the ball offensively, it has to be those guys up front.”
“We started off early in the weight room and got big,” said David Hatfield, Valley Christian offensive lineman. “We bonded a whole bunch and we're just ready to get back to winning.”
“Our offense is going to be pretty good,” said wide receiver Jamynk Jackson. “Mostly our problem last year was the line because we were so confused and we had younger kids. They're mostly juniors now, so we're pretty good on offense.”
The Eagles join the Portage Trail Conference with the likes of Mogadore and other schools that typically run the ball. Hether says it fits nicely into Valley Christian's new scheme.
“Now we're in this league that's more geared to us and what we like,” Hether said. “It's what's going to kind of help us get better.”
“We have to change the game, we have to change the scoreboard,” Ware said. “We gotta change the way we work, we gotta change the way we do things. And if we do those things, we can change the win and loss column.”
Valley Christian opens the season Aug. 25 at Campbell.
Killings: Pray for us, Osinbajo cries to churches
“Governance is a spiritual warfare, if anyone does not know that, I know.”
The post Killings: Pray for us, Osinbajo cries to churches appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One of the restaurant's decks is underwater. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
Cleaning after an Ohio River flood is about more than high water. It's about getting the mud out of your home. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Kentucky and Indiana businesses and residents impacted by severe storms and heavy flooding from February 21 through March 21 have until Thursday at 2 p.m. to apply in person for a low-interest disaster loan from the U.S. Small Business Administration.
Businesses and private non-profit organizations can borrow up to $2,000,000 to repair or replace damaged property and equipment. Loans up to $200,000 are available to homeowners for real estate.
Those in Hardin, Jefferson, Breckinridge Bullitt, Grayson, Hart, LaRue, Meade, Nelson, Oldham, Shelby, and Spencer counties in Kentucky; Clark, Floyd and Harrison in Indiana can apply for the loan.
The U.S. Small Business Administration has representatives available at two Disaster Loan Outreach Centers until 2 p.m. on March 31. Those centers are located at:
West Point City Hall
509 Elm Street
West Point, KY 40177
509 Elm Street West Point, KY 40177 T.J. Middle School
First Neighborhood Place
1503 Rangeland Road
Louisville, KY 40219
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ AAA warns of the 100 deadliest days for teen drivers
+ Parking directions released for graduations at the Kentucky Expo Center
+ Teachers, students stage walk-ins in support of JCPS board
Interest rates are as low at 3.58 percent for businesses, 2.5 percent for non-profit organizations, and 1.813 percent for homeowners and renters with terms up to 30 years.
If applicants cannot make it to talk with someone in person, click here to apply online.
Businesses and individuals may also obtain information and loan applications by calling the customer services center at 1-800-659-2955 (1-800-877-8339 for the deaf or hard of hearing) or by clicking here. Loan applications can also be downloaded here. Completed applications should be returned to the center by 2 p.m. on May 31 or mailed to:
U.S. Small Business Administration
Processing and Disbursement Center
14925 Kingsport Road
Fort Worth, TX 76155.
For small businesses, small agricultural cooperatives, small business engaged in aquaculture and most private non-profit organizations, the SBA offers Economic Injury Disaster Loans to help meet working capital needs caused by the disaster. Economic Injury Disaster Loan assistance is available regardless of whether the business suffered any physical property damage.
The filing deadline to return applications for physical property damage is July 23, 2018. The deadline to return economic injury applications is February 22, 2019.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
A private hunting reserve that opened last fall in Trumbull County's Vienna Township is still raising questions from nearby residents.
A public meeting
The old Candywood Golf Course is now Candywood Whitetale Ranch, a fenced range for stalking captive animals for a fee.
Some people who live nearby met this week with local officials and an owner of the ranch to voice concerns. County Commissioner Frank Fuda says only one concern was a non-starter.
“It's a preserve that's going to be there. You can't tell them they can't be there because they follow all the rules of the state.”
Fuda says there was a productive exchange with the co-owner on safety.
“What they explained was, there's a guide that goes with every hunter that goes through the place. And that guide will only let them shoot in a certain direction — away from the roads.”
Fuda expects more meetings to be organized this year.
David Thompson attends the Coconut Grove Gun Show in Miami in 1999 file photo. Some legislators want to rewrite Florida's concealed weapons law so that people can get gun licenses even when criminal background checks are incomplete. Shawn Thew Miami Herald file photo
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined them
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1104640","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1104640","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - A man was arrested after stabbing a San Diego police dog during a chase in the North Park area.
At about 11:45 p.m. Tuesday, officers responded to reports of a man "acting like a bull" in the middle of the street near 30th Street and Lincoln Avenue.
When officers confronted the man, they brandished a knife at them and ran away, according to police.
The officers and their police dog Max pursued the man and caught up to them in the 3600 block of Grim Avenue, but the man stabbed Max twice after being bitten on the arm.
Officers deployed a stun gun on the man and took them into custody. They were taken to Scripps Mercy Hospital for the dog bites.
The K9 was rushed to the VCA Animal Hospital for treatment. Police said Max is expected to survive.
Woman caught shaving legs in Florida pool A video posted online shows a woman shaving their legs in a crowded Florida pool. Screwsausage via Reddit ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK A video posted online shows a woman shaving their legs in a crowded Florida pool. Screwsausage via Reddit
Man does not live by bread alone – in a realization of this biblical truth, the Pavilions Phuket ads an artsy touch to its hospitality offer. And it begins on a high note, with an art exhibition. Launched with a party on Friday, September 29 at Firefly Restaurant “The Language of Art Exhibition” features works from both local and international artists, whose brief profiles we present here.
Map Abday: Born in Southern Thailand, Map has studied art at Thaivichtslip Art School in Bangkok and at the Poh-chang Art Institution – a longstanding art school that was established by King Rama VI. Map works in the medium of acrylic paint on canvas and takes their main inspiration from nature, old books and magazine as well as within herself. Previously Map works were in an expressionist style before changing their painting style and dedicating themselves to the art of abstract painting.
Peter Child: There are very few working sign-writers left in the 21st century and Peter Child is one of them. They live and works in Phuket and their work can be found all over the island in hotels, restaurants and bars. While specializing in the old and traditional art of sign painting, Peter also expresses their talent with hand-drawn and digital cartoons.
Marlene Jacopin: Certified Artist and Teacher from the International Porcelain Artists & Teachers (IPAT), Marlène specializes in porcelain painting, a thousand-years-old art that came to us from China. Marlène draws their inspiration from nature, legends and esoteric philosophies from ancient civilizations, and from their travels. They now lives and works in Phuket (Thailand).
Isara Thaothong: Isara Thaothong also known as “Ids” was born and raised in Bangkok. They have graduated from the Rangsit University of Fine Art and majored in painting. They define their art as “Modern Doodle Art”, a style integrating line patterns – doodles – with signs and symbols. Isara get their inspiration mainly from the happy memories, joys and dreams of their childhood that are expressed in their sketchbook that they carry everywhere.
Adriano Trapani: Adriano is an Italian expat who has been living and working in Phuket as a photographer for over a decade. From fantasy portraits to architecture or products and lifestyle, they approach every subject or assignment as unique and they always strive for best results. The beauty of photography is that possibilities and techniques are virtually endless, they never stops learning.
John Underwood: Australian artist, sculpture and overall renaissance man, John Underwood has had the gift to use their creativity over the years for international artistic and commercial success. Presently their practice involves creating intricate kinetic artworks which explore the mechanisms of humour, which engage on a personal level with their audience.
Mr Zen: Their paintings convey positivity to the audience by using simple lines and bright colours that can easily be grasped in any of their paintings. Mr Zen has exhibited in art galleries in Bangkok, Barcelona (Spain) and in Germany.  They are the owner of the Wua Art Gallery & Studio in Phuket.
The exhibition is open thru 30 November, entrance is free.
Before you go enjoy this gallery of photographs from the exhibition's opening night
Campaigners against a blueprint to build on parts of the borough's precious green belt will be delighted at the wind of change which could be about to blow these plans off course.
Fears were raised last year that several local areas of hitherto ring-fenced open land could succumb to housing and commercial projects demanded by the draft Greater Manchester Spatial Framework drawn up by the region's leaders.
With authorities supposedly running out of alternatives to using fields to meet demand for new buildings, borough areas including The Bell at Kitt Green (Pemberton's only remaining green belt) had been earmarked for development, much to the dismay of many.
But the new mayor of Greater Manchester Andy Burnham, who has a big say in such matters, appears to have other ideas.
 They are refocusing the planning debate on town centres and infrastructure led development in response to public concerns expressed in the first consultation on the framework.
More than 27,000 people responded to the initial consultation on the draft GMSF including around 17,000 letters and 18 separate petitions, as well as thousands of comments made through the GMSF consultation portal.
Mr Burnham said: “We had a huge public response to the first round of consultation ... and we have listened carefully to what people have told us. The plan does need radical change and we will consult every step of the way as we develop the next draft that responds to those concerns.
“There will still be difficult decisions to be made but we will take those decisions in an open, transparent and consultative way.
“I want the new plan to refocus the debate on the transformational development opportunities for our towns, and in the coming weeks I will set out details of a new town centre challenge.
Each borough will have the opportunity to nominate a town with regeneration potential. Our aim will be to kick-start the regeneration effort so we can breathe new life into our smaller towns.”
Both positive and negative issues were raised during the consultation. These included:
l Concerns about the amount of greenbelt land allocated for development. This was the single biggest issue which was raised during the consultation process;
l Others recognised the need for new housing of all types and welcomed the ambition in the plan to provide much-needed housing;
l Concerns around effects on the environment and air quality;
l The potential for job creation which the GMSF highlights was welcomed;
l The need to link developments to infrastructure improvements;
l The types of housing and jobs being created.
The redrafted spatial framework will aim to make the most of Greater Manchester's brownfield sites and reduce the impact on greenbelt, making sure that the area capitalises on existing town centres and transport links.
In this Saturday, May 26, 2018 image from video released by the U.S. Geological Survey, lava sends up clouds of steam and toxic gases as it enters the Pacific Ocean as Kilauea Volcano continues its eruption cycle near Pahoa on the island of Kilauea, Hawaii. Lava from the Kilauea volcano has reached a geothermal power plant on the Big Island, approaching wells that have been capped to protect against the release of toxic gas should they mix with lava. (U.S. Geological Survey via AP)
A Northland man has been arrested following the horrific deaths of two hunting dogs during the weekend.
A 25 year old has been charged with Cruelty to an Animal after a stolen and dumped Toyota Hilux was set alight with the dogs caged in dog boxes on the rear of the vehicle.
Detective Senior Sergeant Rhys Johnston says, “The Broadwood community will no doubt be reassured by the quick result in this case. Police take matters such as this very seriously and understand it is very upsetting for the not only the local community but the wider community too.”
The man was brought into the Kaitaia Police station last night by family members and also faces charges of Arson and Unlawful Taking of a Motor Vehicle. .
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Roy Moore: 'I did not molest anyone' 2:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
WASHINGTON — For all the focus on tomorrow's special Senate race in Alabama, the contest comes down to this eye-opening reality: If Republican Roy Moore underperforms Donald Trump's winning 2016 margin in the state (+28) by 30 points, they lose. But if they underperform by 25 points, they narrowly win. That's the disadvantage that Democrat Doug Jones faces in this race.
But there's an advantage Jones holds that hasn't received the attention it should — Democrats have enjoyed a substantial edge in enthusiasm across the country in 2017. And that probably will play out in ruby-red Alabama, too, especially since the race is expected to be a low-turnout affair with no other key contests on the ballot.
Before tomorrow's election in Alabama, this year has featured six major contests — four which Republicans won and two which Democrats carried. And in almost every case (from Virginia to Kansas and South Carolina), Democrats overperformed their margin from that race's prior contest, as well as from the result of the 2016 presidential election in that area.
KS-4 in 2016: Mike Pompeo 61%, Daniel Giroux 30% (R+31)
KS-4 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 60%, Clinton 33% (R+27)
KS-4 in 2017: Ron Estes 53%, James Thompson 46% (R+7)
GA-6 in 2016: Tom Price 62%, Rodney Stooksbury 38% (R+24)
GA-6 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 48%, Clinton 47% (R+1)
GA-6 in 2017 (initial round): Jon Ossoff 48%, Karen Handel 20%, Bob Gray 11%, Dan Moody 9%, Judson Hill 9%.
GA-6 in 2017 (runoff): Handel 52%, Ossoff 48% (R+4)
MT-AL in 2016: Ryan Zinke 56%, Denise Juneau 40% (R+16)
MT in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 57%, Clinton 36% (R+21)
MT-AL in 2017: Greg Gianforte 50%, Rob Quist 44% (R+6)
SC-5 in 2016: Mick Mulvaney 59%, Fran Person 39% (R+20)
SC-5 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 57%, Clinton 39% (R+18)
SC-5 in 2017: Ralph Norman 51%, Archie Parnell 48% (R+3)
NJ GOV in 2013: Chris Christie 60%, Barbara Buono 38% (R+22)
NJ in 2016 (presidential results): Clinton 55%, Trump 41% (D+14)
NJ GOV in 2017: Phil Murphy 56%, Kim Guadagno 42% (D+14)
VA GOV in 2013: Terry McAuliffe 48%, Ken Cuccinelli 45% (D+3)
VA in 2016 (presidential results): Clinton 50%, Trump 44% (D+6)
VA GOV in 2017: Ralph Northam 54%, Ed Gillespie 45% (D+9)
Because this is Alabama, an advantage in enthusiasm isn't enough — by itself — for Doug Jones to overcome the state's Republican-leaning tilt (see the outcomes in Kansas and South Carolina). But that enthusiasm advantage, PLUS the allegations that have rocked Roy Moore's campaign, PLUS Jones' fundraising edge, PLUS the write-in-vote factor have turned this into a race that's become nearly impossible to predict.
Trump goes all in on Roy Moore, while Alabama's senior senator says GOP “can do better”
At a campaign-style rally Friday in Pensacola, Fla. – which is just across the Alabama border – President Trump went all in for Roy Moore. “We love our veterans; we want conservative judges like [Neil] Gorsuch on the Supreme Court; we want people who will protect your gun rights; great trade deals instead of the horrible deals; we want jobs, jobs, jobs. So get out and vote for Roy Moore. Do it.”
And the president also has recorded a robo-call for Moore. “Hi, this is President Donald Trump, and I need Alabama to go vote for Roy Moore. It is so important.”
By contrast, Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., — the state's senior senator — repeated that they didn't vote for Moore. “I want to reiterate again I didn't vote for Roy Moore. I wouldn't vote for Roy Moore. I think the Republican Party can do better,” Shelby told CNN.
On “Meet the Press” yesterday, Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said this of Moore: “Well, the Constitution requires us to A) if they win, and still an if, if they win, if they win we have to seat him. Then there will immediately be an ethics investigation. We'll have a greater opportunity for us to look into all the issues, the allegations, and perhaps even talk with some of the folks who are witnesses. That will give us a clear picture. I've always said that so far, as far as I can tell, the allegations are significantly stronger than the denial.”
Nikki Haley says Trump's accusers should be heard, and they're speaking out today
Appearing on CBS yesterday, UN Ambassador Nikki Haley said this when asked about the women who have accused President Trump of sexual misconduct: “Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with. And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
And guess what — they're speaking up today. As NBC's Kate Snow reported on “Today” this morning, a non-profit documentary-film company is hosting a press conference later today, where women will recount their allegations of sexual misconduct against the president and where they will demand a congressional investigation into the president.
Also, NBC's Megyn Kelly today will have a live sit-down interview with three of the president's accusers – Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks.
18 Crucial Days: What did Trump know about Michael Flynn and when did they know it?
Turning to the Russia investigation, NBC's Carol Lee and Julia Ainsley report that special counsel Robert Mueller is trying to determine what happened inside the White House during the 18-day period when it was told former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was susceptible to blackmail to when Flynn was fired.
“The questions about what happened between Jan. 26 and Flynn's firing on Feb. 13 appear to relate to possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump, say two people familiar with Mueller's investigation into Russia's election meddling and potential collusion with the Trump campaign. Multiple sources say that during interviews, Mueller's investigators have asked witnesses, including White House Counsel Don McGahn and others who have worked in the West Wing, to go through each day that Flynn remained as national security adviser and describe in detail what they knew was happening inside the White House as it related to Flynn.”
“Some of those interviewed by Mueller's team believe the goal is in part to determine if there was a deliberate effort by President Trump or top officials in the West Wing to cover up the information about Flynn that Sally Yates, then the acting attorney general, conveyed to McGahn on Jan. 26. In addition to Flynn, McGahn is also expected to be critical to federal investigators trying to piece together a timeline of those 18 days.”
The conservative effort to undermine Mueller's investigation
Meanwhile, contrast that with the effort inside conservative media to undermine Mueller's investigation.
“Mueller is corrupt. The senior FBI is corrupt. The system is corrupt,” former House speaker Newt Gingrich said on Fox News.
Fox's Jeanine Pirro has called for a “cleansing” at the FBI. "I for one am tired of investigations, politicians posturing. Something more has to be done," they said. "The stench coming out of the FBI and Justice Department is like that of a Third World country where money and boys and clubs decide elections."
And even the conservative Wall Street Journal editorial page has called for Mueller to step down.
As the LA Times' Doyle McManus writes, "The anti-Mueller campaign isn't just noisy; it's dangerous. Gingrich, Hannity and Ruddy are people Trump listens to. Fox News is the channel they watch. Whether or not they persuade the president that they ought to fire Mueller, they are clearly paving the way — by convincing Trump's political base, the Fox News-watching public, that dismissing the prosecutor would be justified."
By the way, Mueller is a Republican who was first appointed to the FBI by a Republican president, and who was appointed as the special counsel in this case by the Trump administration's deputy attorney general.
The TV-watcher-in-chief
And speaking of the president's viewing habits, here's the New York Times story that ran over the weekend: “People close to them estimate that Mr. Trump spends at least four hours a day, and sometimes as much as twice that, in front of a television, sometimes with the volume muted, marinating in the no-holds-barred wars of cable news and eager to fire back.”
More from the article: “The ammunition for their Twitter war is television. No one touches the remote control except Mr. Trump and the technical support staff — at least that's the rule. During meetings, the 60-inch screen mounted in the dining room may be muted, but Mr. Trump keeps an eye on scrolling headlines. What they miss they check out later on what they call their “Super TiVo,” a state-of-the-art system that records cable news. Watching cable, they share thoughts with anyone in the room, even the household staff they summon via a button for lunch or for one of the dozen Diet Cokes they consume each day.”
Pretty much everyone drinks tea or coffee and Croydon is blessed with an array of places to go for a nice brew – but which are ranked the best?
With so much choice around the borough it can be difficult to find the best place for an on-the-go cuppa or sit down cappuccino.
We have taken to TripAdvisor to find out what the Croydon public rates as the best place to go for coffee and tea.
With competition in the area so tough, the scores are not only based on cups of tea and coffee but also takes into account breakfasts, sandwiches and cakes.
Every review on TripAdvisor gives the restaurant a score of between one and five. One is considered "terrible", two "poor", three "average", four "very good" and five "excellent".
TripAdvisor takes these scores, averages them and weights them against the number of reviews a restaurant has received to provide a definitive list.
Whether you want a cup of tea for your daily read of the newspaper or a latte for your weekly natter with friends, this list should have you covered.
7. The Little Coffee Shop
Situated on Sanderstead Road in South Croydon, The Little Coffee Shop caters for all appetites and regularly does cakes and sandwiches with a twist.
Past menus have included a peach and vanilla muffin, strawberry shortcake cookies and pesto and sundried tomato scones.
One reviewer on TripAdvisor praised the shop's “fresh cup of coffee” which can be consumed on the move or in-house.
For more information visit www.facebook.com/thelittlecoffeeshopuk.
6. Starbucks
With 60 per cent of its 21 reviews being marked as “excellent”, it's clear the Starbucks located in Centrale Shopping Centre is a hit amongst coffee lovers.
A pumpkin spice latte, iced caffe latte and hazelnut signature hot chocolate are amongst the many favourites served at the popular chain.
One reviewer on TripAdvisor said: “Always have a lovely break time in Starbucks in Centrale, Croydon.”
For more information visit www.starbucks.co.uk.
5. Milano Coffee House
Located on Selsdon Parade, on Addington Road in Selsdon, the coffee house is renown in the area for its fried breakfast.
For the less hungry, a light food menu which includes sandwiches, paninis and salads may is also on offer.
One reviewer on TripAdvisor says: “Friendly service, the best coffee locally and a range of food when feeling peckish.”
For more information visit www.facebook.com/omgmilanocoffee/.
4. Priscilla's Tea Room
Eggs play a big part in the breakfast menu at Priscilla's and their journey from chicken to table is literally just a walk over the road.
For owner Timothy Ashton and their wife Amanda live over the road from the converted bus stop café on Limpsfield Road, Sanderstead and the eggs they get from the chickens they keep in their garden are used in the café.
Since Michael Brown's Bakery shut opposite earlier this year, Priscilla's has also been serving fresh bread and other baked treats.
One review on TripAdvisor reads: “They really are the heart of the community and I encourage everyone to support them as much as they support us.”
For more information visit www.facebook.com/priscillastearoomsandersteadcoffee.
(Image: Ian Stratton)
3. The Tram Stop
Located on Lower Addiscombe Road, Addiscombe the café is quite rightly, given its name, opposite Addiscombe Tram Stop.
It is a popular destination to meet a group of friends for brunch or hold a business lunch, with a BLT, warm potato salad with chorizo and halloumi and locally sourced coffee included on the menu.
One review on TripAdvisor says: “This is exactly the type of place I love starting my weekends at with breakfast and coffee.”
For more information visit https://www.facebook.com/thetramstop.
(Image: Grant Melton)
2. Marmaris Cafe Croydon
Located on Mitchley Avenue in Purley, all of its 32 reviews on TripAdvisor are either “excellent” or “good”,
The family run business is open seven days a week and is renowned for its breakfasts, famous omelettes and bacon burgers.
One review on TripAdvisor says: “The hash browns are the best I've ever had anywhere!”
For more information visit www.facebook.com/marmariscafecroydon.
1. Smoothbean!
With 78 out of 109 views being excellent, it's clear this coffee shop is much loved in Croydon.
Located on Dingwall Road, Smoothbean! is an independent coffee shop and juice bar specialising in artisan coffee, quality tea, fresh juices and smoothies.
Freshly made sandwiches, quiche, soups, organic porridge and a selection of croissants and pastries are all included in the menu.
One review on TripAdvisor reads: “I live in the area and always pop in when I can. Such a change from the atmosphere of the High Street chains.”
For more information visit www.smoothbean.co.uk.
(Image: Smoothbean)
Do you have a favourite coffee shop in Croydon? Get in touch by emailing sam.truelove@croydonadvertiser.co.uk , calling 01737 305557 or by tweeting @samtruelove1.
HARARE, Zimbabwe — Zimbabwe's new leader has publicly named more than 1,800 companies and individuals accused of illegally stashing hundreds of millions of dollars overseas and not bringing the money home under a now-expired amnesty deal.
President Emmerson Mnangagwa has vowed to fight corruption after the dramatic resignation in November of longtime leader Robert Mugabe, whose government was accused of widespread mismanagement of the once-prosperous country.
Mnangagwa in December announced the amnesty deal, which expired Friday. They now say $591 million of the $1.2 billion suspected to be illegally stashed overseas has been returned.
The president says those on the list should “take heed of the importance of good corporate governance and the legal obligations of citizenry” or face prosecution.
Their list shows China as the main destination for “funds externalized to foreign banks in cash or under spurious transactions.”
Four Zimbabwe state-owned diamond-mining firms are among those accused of moving the most money abroad in “illicit financial flows.” The four firms, which once courted controversy over alleged army killings of illegal artisanal miners and looting, are accused of failing to repatriate over $111 million in export proceeds.
Mugabe previously claimed the firms spirited out $15 billion from the diamond fields, where the Chinese were major players until Zimbabwe's government cancelled all licenses to make way for a state monopoly in 2016.
Also Monday, a government gazette notice said the government has repealed sections of an indigenization law that limited foreign ownership of businesses to 49 per cent, though diamonds and platinum are still reserved for majority ownership by the state. The move also had been promised by the new president.
About
Common Lot is the first restaurant from Chef Ehren Ryan. Anointed the black sheep of their family, the restaurant draws upon Ehren's globally diver… Read More
Common Lot is the first restaurant from Chef Ehren Ryan. Anointed the black sheep of their family, the restaurant draws upon Ehren's globally diverse culinary background and free spirit. Its design places emphasis on the communal dining experience, including an open kitchen and shared tables. It's elegant but unpretentious; comfortable but handsome—it's a place for family and friends to gather and share great food and conversation. If you meet the Ryan's, it's clear that they are equal part serious about food and jocular about life. The design is inspired by this, utilizing the idea of common pasture, wayward sheep and shared plates, playfully moving the common, equal spaced O's in the logotype and abstracted sheep illustrations about the natural printed materials. It's unpredictable and at times rough around the edges, but always intentional and thoughtful—just like its host. Read Less
Published:
The Marcus Bonfanti Band will return to The Flowerpot in Derby for a gig there on Friday, June 16.
One of the most exciting new blues guitarists to emerge on the scene in recent years, Marcus Bonfanti's 2008 debut album Hard Times set the scene and sent some subtly effective messages about a new British voice demanding to be heard.
Bonfanti is known for their high-energy live shows with their three-piece band that have been receiving rave reviews over the last two years and solidified their reputation as one of the most exciting live performers on the UK scene.
Doors open at 8pm. Admission is £12. Advance tickets are available from The Flowerpot and RAW Promotions, as well as online at www.rawpromo.co.uk
Photo by Roland Kaempfer
Four people were injured, including the suspect, 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, according to the New York Fire Department. All injuries are non-life-threatening.
Four people were injured, including the suspect, 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, according to the New York Fire Department. All injuries are non-life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway.
By COLLEEN LONG
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A man inspired by Islamic State extremists strapped on a crude pipe bomb, slipped unnoticed into the nation's busiest subway system and set the device off at rush hour Monday in a scenario that New York has dreaded for years, authorities said.
In the end, the only serious wounds were to the suspect himself, Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant and former cab driver, authorities said. But the attack sent terrified commuters fleeing through a smoky passageway, and three people suffered headaches and ringing ears from the first bomb blast in the subway in more than two decades.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack," Democratic Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. "Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals."
The attack near Times Square came less than two months after eight people died near the World Trade Center in a truck attack authorities said was also inspired by the Islamic State group.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by IS but apparently did not have any direct contact with the group and probably acted alone. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said there was no evidence, so far, of other bombs or a larger plot. They said officials were exploring whether Ullah had been on authorities' radar, but there was no indication yet that they are.
Investigators described the bomb as a low-tech explosive device attached to Ullah with Velcro and plastic ties. They were looking into how it was made. Cuomo said there was reason to believe the attacker looked at bomb-making instructions online.
Authorities were searching Ullah's Brooklyn home and a rented space in a building nearby, interviewing witnesses and relatives, reviewing their subway fare card and looking for surveillance footage that might show their movements in the moments before the 7:20 a.m. attack.
Security cameras did capture the attacker walking casually through a crowded passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues when the bomb went off amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering.
"All we could hear was the chaos," said Elrana Peralta, a Greyhound customer-service worker who was working at the Port Authority bus terminal near the blast, though they did not hear it. Instead, they heard people yelling, "Get out! Get out! Get out!"
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from their jacket to their pants and the device strapped to their torso under their coat. They said they were reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed theirs hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff.
Investigators said it was not clear if they set the bomb off intentionally or prematurely.
Law enforcement officials said the suspect was speaking with investigators from the hospital bed where they were being treated for burns to their hands and abdomen. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah came to the U.S. from Bangladesh in 2011 on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security said.
They had been licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, but the license was allowed to lapse, according to law enforcement officials and NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the explosion showed the need for immigration reform, including ending what's known as "chain migration" within families. Republican President Donald Trump's administration has called for a "merit-based" immigration system that would limit family-based green cards to spouses and minor children.
"If that had been in place, that would have prevented this individual from coming to the United States," Sanders said.
Ullah lived with their father, mother and brother in a Brooklyn neighborhood with a large Bangladeshi community, residents said. The family's red, two-story brick home is just off a shopping strip.
News of their arrest stunned Alan Butrico, who owns the house next door and a locksmith business two doors down.
"It's very weird," Butrico said. "You never know who your neighbors are."
The last bomb to go off in the subway system was believed to be in December 1994, when an explosive made from mayonnaise jars and batteries wounded 48 people in a car in lower Manhattan.
The Times Square subway station is the city's busiest, with 64 million riders passing through every year. The subway system as a whole carried over 1.7 billion people last year.
Monday's explosion triggered a massive emergency response both above and below ground, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the "Crossroads of the World." But streets quickly began returning to normal.
"This is one of my nightmares, right: a terrorist attack in the subway system," Cuomo, a Democrat, later told cable channel NY1.
"The good news is: We were on top of it," they said, and "the reality was not as bad as the fear."
___
Associated Press writers Jennifer Peltz, Jake Pearson, Kiley Armstrong, Larry Neumeister and David James Jeans in New York, Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles, Matt Pennington in Washington, D.C., and AP researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Colleen Long on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/ctlong1 .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A $250 thousand grant awarded to the metroparks is a big reason why a bike share program is coming to Toledo this summer.
Metroparks Toledo and area small businesses have worked together to bring South Carolina-based "Gotcha Bikes" to Downtown Toledo.
This will be the company's 34th bike share program.
The plan is to install 18 docking stations, where 100 bikes can be shared by the public.
Riders can rent out the bikes with an app on their phones and pay online.
The founder says it's easy and that's why it's so successful. They also give credit to their company's use of rider data. These smart bikes will be able to track in real time, length of the ride, route taken, time spent on the bike even calories burned.
“It's healthy and it's good for the environment. Two cool things that we track about this bike are miles traveled and as a result kind of the CO2 reduction by riding a bike and the last thing is calorie burned so in real time we'll be able to see how healthy folks in Toledo are by riding these bikes," Sean Flood, president of Gotcha Group said.
The city, metroparks and Gotcha are working with community partners to make sure the bikes have a custom Toledo look.
The bikes should be ready to ride by the end of July - beginning of August. They're also working on payment plans for the bikes - daily, monthly and even annually.
In some cities it's roughly $12 a day.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed On Guam, life goes on in the crosshairs of North Korean threats 2:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
HAGATNA, Guam — The North Korean army's announcement that it is examining operational plans for attacking Guam after rising tensions with President Donald Trump has brought more global attention to the tiny U.S. territory in the Pacific than it has had in decades. Here is a rundown on the island and its strategic importance.
Geographic basics
The strip of land in the western Pacific Ocean is roughly the size of Chicago, and just 4 miles wide at its narrowest point. It is about 2,200 miles southeast of North Korea, much closer than it is to any of the United States. Hawaii is about 4,000 miles to the east. Its proximity to China, Japan, the Philippines and the Korean Peninsula has long made the island an essential possession of the U.S. military.
World Data Locator Map of Guam. Encyclopaedia Britannica / UIG via Getty Images
U.S. relationship
Guam was claimed by Spain in 1565 and became a U.S. territory in 1898 during the Spanish-American War. Japan seized it for about two-and-a-half years during World War II. In 1950, an act of Congress made it an unincorporated organized territory of the United States.
It has limited self-government, with a popularly elected governor, small legislature, and non-voting delegate in the U.S. House of Representatives. Residents do not pay U.S. income taxes or vote in the general election for U.S. president. Its natives are U.S. citizens by birth.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed What to Know About Guam, Tiny Island Threatened by N. Korea 1:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Military history
The U.S. keeps a Naval base and Coast Guard station in the south, and an Air Force base in the north that saw heavy use during the Vietnam War. While already taking up 30 percent of the island, the American military has been seeking to increase its presence by relocating to Guam thousands of Marines who are currently based in Okinawa, Japan. Protecting the island is the U.S. Army's Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, which is used to shoot down ballistic missiles.
Last month, the U.S. twice flew a pair of supersonic bombers that took off from Guam over the Korean Peninsula in a show of force after two North Korean tests of intercontinental ballistic missiles. While there has been some resistance and displeasure from the people of Guam over the U.S. military's presence, it is also essential to the island's economy, second only to tourism in importance.
Police and government
A U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer during a 10-hour mission from Andersen Air Force Base in Guam. US Air Force / EPA
The island was first populated about 4,000 years ago by the ancestors of the Chamorros, still the island's largest ethnic group. Now, about 160,000 people live on Guam. Its capital city is Hagatna and its largest city is Dededo.
Its chief languages are English and Chamorro. It has seen various popular movements pushing for greater self-government or even U.S. statehood, most notably a significant but failed effort in the 1980s to make it a commonwealth on par with Puerto Rico.
CORRECTION: (Aug. 9, 2017, 9:05 a.m.) An earlier version of this article misstated the location of Hawaii in relation to Guam. Hawaii is about 4,000 miles east of Guam, not west.
At large family gatherings, Brett Schwanbeck, 61, was the fun uncle to hang out with, their niece Carla Van Hoosen told the Las Vegas Review-Journal. Van Hoosen described them as the kind of guy "who would drive 500 miles if you needed them to help you."
Schwanbeck attended the festival with their fiance, who escaped without injury. Their youngest son, Shawn Schwanbeck, said that their father loved the outdoors and took the family on frequent camping and hunting trips. "My dad was the funnest guy in the world to be around," Shawn said.
WASHINGTON — The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations said Sunday that women who accuse someone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard, even if it involves President Donald Trump.
“I know that they were elected, but women should always feel comfortable coming forward. And we should all be willing to listen to them,” Nikki Haley said on CBS' “Face the Nation.”
Trump, a Republican, won the White House last year despite the election season release of a 2005 “Access Hollywood” tape in which they described grabbing women's private parts, followed by accusations by several women of aggressive sexual misconduct. Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders has since reiterated the White House's position that the women who accused Trump of sexual harassment are lying.
On Sunday, Haley, who was the first female governor of South Carolina, praised the courage of women who have raised complaints of harassment in various industries, including government and Hollywood, saying they will “bring a conscience to the situation.”
“Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with, and I think we heard them prior to the election,” said Haley, a Republican. “I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
Asked whether Trump's election settled the issue, Haley said it was “for the people to decide.”
The wave of allegations has brought down powerful figures, including the resignations last week of Rep. John Conyers Jr., D-Mich., Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., and Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz.
The House intelligence memo, released Friday, alleges the FBI abused U.S. government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference. Susan Walsh AP
My dad has always been my biggest fan. Patrick Slack
So I wasn't all that surprised by the two parts of an email I got back from them the day I sent them my first column here at ABC Newspapers.
The first part was very heartfelt and kind.
The second part, though, suggested a few more column inches be devoted to them the next time around. I was going to laugh it off, but then they took me out for dinner on Sunday, and hey, I can be bought. Just kidding … for the most part.
I was lucky enough to not only have my dad be my dad growing up, but also my wrestling coach for a short stretch of their 33 years at my high school. Before that, I got to tag along to practices and on long bus rides to matches and tournaments, learning from an early age about life behind the scenes of a high school team, especially for a coach.
I was reminded of a lot of these times on Friday night in Anoka.
The city of Anoka celebrated Coach Stan Nelson Day with a get-together and on-field ceremony before the high school game, with players from Nelson's first Anoka season in 1953 through their last in 1978 in attendance. Tracking down so many people who have since scattered to different areas took months of time and effort on the part of event organizers. The fact so many people were willing to come back for their former coach nearly 40 years after their final season – for some individuals over 60 years since they had played for them – spoke volumes.
The phrase “tough, but fair,” was used several times. It was always followed with how much ‘Coach Nelson' cared for their players, and in turn how much they cared for him. As I was listening I could imagine hundreds of former wrestlers saying the same thing about my dad. And maybe muttering something under their breath about barrel rolls.
Most people recognize the importance coaches have on shaping young athletes, but it can still be easy to take for granted. It also isn't something for coaches to take lightly. High school athletes are coming off of full days of school and then are challenged to compete for several hours, sometimes in practice, other times in games lasting until late at night. The time spent with a team during the week can exceed the time spent at home.
I had the pleasure – and occasional displeasure – of playing for several types of coaches in various sports growing up, and get to watch and interact with many more as a sports reporter.
The best I have seen are passionate about their sport and even more so about their players. This passion can come across in understated ways. It can also come across in rather loud voices. But either way, players feed off of coaches who believe in them, and this confidence can go a long way in life.
There is also a delicate balancing act coaches must tread between developing character and being competitive on the field. Ideally, the two will go hand in hand: players will be inspired to work harder, play fair and ultimately reach their potential. A lofty ideal and much easier said than done, but the goal to aspire to.
When I used to go to sporting events, I used to think of the coaches, the players and the fans as three distinct entities. I have come to realize coaches really become the biggest fans of all.
Thanks Coach Nelson and to all of the former Anoka players for letting me be a part of a special night of reminiscing.
And thanks Dad. Let's do dinner again next month.
[email protected]
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic --Select-- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Now that we know Conor McGregor is actually about to step into a boxing ring to fight Floyd Mayweather, there's a bit of a numbness after the celebration. What now. Should we be doing something? It feels like preparations need to be made. But what? All we can do now is sit back and let the details wash over us. Everything will be right in due time. This is the highest level of promotion here, and like clockwork, Dana White visited ESPN to give some promotion to a fight that needs none, as well as give fans insight into exactly how this fight is going down.
“I talked to Conor McGregor this morning, and when you talk to this kid it's fascinating.  They are 100% positive he's winning this fight. When two men step into the ring, anything is possible. Floyd is 40 years old and he's always had trouble with the southpaw. Conor is 27 years old and is a southpaw. They will try to go after Floyd Mayweather and they will try to knock them out.”
Dana seems like a guy who is a year removed from making $400 million off the UFC sale, now he's about to make a bunch more from this fight. Beyond the promoter talk, here's what we know:
A public consultation has been launched today into the controversial plans to transform school transport services in Suffolk.
Suffolk County Council are encouraging people to voice their opinions through an online survey and several workshops during the consultation period which begins tomorrow and will run until February 28.
The consultation is part of the council's plans to save money, after it was revealed that £21 million of tax payers' money is spent getting children to and from school every year.
The current transport scheme sees around 2400 pupils receiving free or subsidised transport that the council is not legally required to provide. Around 2400 children also receive transport to schools further away than the council is legally required to provide.
People taking part in the consultation are asked to consider three options: to only offer the services required by law, to allow those with free transport now to keep it but not offer it to new starters, or to do nothing but cut costs elsewhere.
Cllr Gordon Jones, cabinet member for children's services, education and skills, said: “Today we're making a very clear and genuine pledge to listen. A considerable amount of work has been done to consider very carefully and thoroughly the feedback and issues that have been raised to date.
“But this is only the beginning and I'm calling for unity. I'm saying ‘let's use this consultation to look at all the issues, discuss them and find sensible solutions together. This is a very serious and challenging issue to tackle, which we must in order to be able to afford to run the service in the future.
“I am confident that we are ready to start a public consultation. This is a huge challenge that Suffolk is facing, and I want all Suffolk residents to have the opportunity to help shape a solution that is right for Suffolk.”
But figures released by the council show that Thurston Community College, which is set to be hit the hardest by the plans, would lose 812 pupils - over half of its current number - while Mildenhall College Academy would lose 115.
Numbers at Stowupland High School and King Edwards would also suffer with figures showing losses of 20 and 23 respectively.
But some schools would also make gains. According to council figures, St Benedict's Catholic School would gain 31 pupils, Stowmarket High School would gain 132, IES Breckland would gain 111 and Sybil Andrews Academy would fain 114.
Ixworth Free School would gain 285 pupils, which would more than double its current number.
From today, people can have their say by filling out the online consultation survey which can also be downloaded on the website and returned as a hard copy to Suffolk County Council – school and post-16 travel consultation, Endeavour House,8 Russell Road, Ipswich, Suffolk, IP1 2BX.
Workshops will also be held at Lakenheath Pavillion from 7pm until 8.30pm on Tuesday, January 23 and at West Suffolk House in Bury St Edmunds between 2pm and 7.30pm on Friday, January 26.
There will also be a Have Your Say event where people can offer alternative options to a panel on January 30 from 7pm until 10pm at West Suffolk House.
To book your place at any of the above events and for full details, visit www.suffolk.gov.uk/schooltravel or call 0345 603 1842.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The ‘NASCAR Race Hub' crew debates if a two car or four car team is more beneficial.
More Race Hub Videos Clint Bowyer's Chances to Win a Race | NASCAR RACE HUB The Athleticism of Pit Crew Members | NASCAR RACE HUB Biggest Storylines So Far in 2017 | NASCAR RACE HUB What Do You Think of Stage Racing So Far? | NASCAR RACE HUB Bubba Wallace Starts Foundation at Their High School | NASCAR RACE HUB Radioactive: Texas – “IQ of a [expletive] mud flap.” | NASCAR RACE HUB More Race Hub Videos
Lonzo Ball having second workout with Lakers, wants to show work ethic
Lonzo Ball will have another chance to make a good impression on the Lakers ahead of next week's NBA Draft.
The former UCLA guard had a private workout with Los Angeles last week, and the results did not sound encouraging. Ball reportedly showed poor conditioning during the sessions and apparently did not leave the best possible impression.
On Friday, Ball will get another shot to convince the Lakers they should be the No. 2 pick. He'll have a second workout for the team. ESPN's Ramona Shelburne says Ball wants the Lakers to see their work ethic. They also report that the Lakers checked in with UCLA coaches this week about the talented guard.
Lonzo Ball's 2nd workout with the Lakers will be at an undisclosed location on Fri. They want them to see their work ethic& training methods — Ramona Shelburne (@ramonashelburne) June 15, 2017
Also: Lakers met with UCLA coaches about Ball this week. — Ramona Shelburne (@ramonashelburne) June 15, 2017
When the Lakers secured the No. 2 pick during the lottery, many figured it was a foregone conclusion that Ball would be their choice. However, there have been rumors Los Angeles is considering passing on Ball. Add in the way the first workout went, and there was reason to doubt the Ball-Lakers marriage would happen.
Ball being able to secure a second workout has to be considered positive sign for their chances of wearing purple and gold, as long as they make the most of it.
CHENNAI, India (AP) South Korean qualifier Chung Hyeon upset sixth-seeded Borna Coric, a finalist last year, in a 6-3, 7-5 victory in the first round of the Chennai Open on Monday.
Chung continued their fine form from the qualifying tournament and proved too strong for the highly-rated Croat in a baseline slugfest at the SDAT Nungambakkam stadium.
The South Korean capitalized on Coric's sluggish play to win the first set, as the world No.48 struggled to find their range.
The second set was more of a contest as the two players traded big forehands and backhands.
Chung held for 6-5 with a few powerful shots, before Coric surrendered their serve meekly by making unforced errors in the next game, with the match ending when they sent a backhand wide.
Chung now faces Israel's Dudi Sela, who kept Damir Dzumhur of Bosnia on the run with pinpoint ground strokes to post a comfortable 6-2, 6-2 win
In other matches, Daniil Medvedev beat Thiago Monteiro of Brazil 6-3, 6-3 and Belgian Steve Darcis quelled the challenge of Croatian qualifier Nikola Mektic 6-2, 6-3 to face third-seeded Spaniard Albert Ramos-Vinolas in the second round.
The 99th-ranked Medvedev's booming serves and powerful groundstrokes left little doubt about the result between two players making their first appearances at the event.
Riding on their serve, the 20-year-old Russian hit eight aces – on top of several unreturnable ones- with the Brazilian left-hander only briefly rallying in the second set.
Medvedev next plays either eighth-seeded Yen-Hsun Lu or Radu Albot.
Top-seeded Marin Cilic had a first-round bye.
A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories are legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts:
NOT REAL: Las Vegas Shooting Exposed as Antifa-led False Flag Attack
THE FACTS: Despite headlines floated by numerous websites, authorities have revealed no links between Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock and the antifa movement that was spotlighted after a deadly white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Some articles include fabricated screen grabs of tweets attributed to President Donald Trump outing Paddock as a member of antifa — far-left militant groups that resist neo-Nazis and white supremacists. InfoWars, the website of right-wing conspiracy theorist and radio host Alex Jones, claimed in a story that an anonymous FBI source told the outlet antifa literature was found in Paddock's room. No such material can be seen in photos of the suite, and the FBI has given no indication that Paddock was connected to any group.
——–
NOT REAL: Gordon Ramsay Has Their Entire Staff Take A Knee-Refuses To Serve Miami Dolphins Players
THE FACTS: The restaurant named in this story created by hoax site The Last Line of Defence doesn't even exist. The story claims four Dolphins players were denied service at Ramsay's gastropub in New York City's SoHo neighbourhood with Ramsay calling them disrespectful. Ramsay's spokesperson tells The Associated Press the chef has no gastropub in SoHo and the story is “nonsense.”
——–
NOT REAL: Las Vegas: Video Confirms Multiple Shooters, Co-ordinated Attack
THE FACTS: A flickering light coming from a floor below Las Vegas Stephen Paddock's room helped spawn dozens of reports, many on conspiracy-themed sites, that gunshots were fired from two locations at the Mandalay Bay resort. Authorities said quickly after Paddock was found dead that there were no other shooters. Several videos of the flickering light show it coming from the fourth floor before the gunfire began on the 32nd floor. An Australian man who said they were in a room next to Paddock also added to the reports with a Facebook post that “multiple shooters” were at the scene. Brian Hodge retracted the account a day later.
——
NOT REAL: This man posed proudly with the bear they shot while it was hibernating
THE FACTS: The article centres on a new federal law that removes protections for hibernating bears. However, a photo showing a smiling man holding up the paw of a dead bear in a snowy location is completely unrelated to the law. The picture was taken at Alaska's Becharof National Wildlife Refuge. The refuge's Facebook page shared the picture last year, saying the bear was legally taken during the refuge's spring hunt in 2014. At the time, it would have been illegal to kill a hibernating bear.
——
NOT REAL: Pizza Hut is giving 3 FREE Large Pizza Coupons on their 58th Anniversary
THE FACTS: This offer is too good to be true, despite several Facebook posts that have been circulating in recent weeks. The posts take users to a website that prompts them to take a survey and share the post on Facebook in order to receive a coupon. Pizza Hut responded to a similar “anniversary” scam on its own Facebook page last year. The company said the coupon offer was fraudulent and that any legitimate deal would be found on its website or social media pages. Also, it's not Pizza Hut's 58th anniversary. The chain turned 59 back in June.
——
This weekly fixture is part of The Associated Press' ongoing efforts to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories.
——
Find all AP Fact Checks here: https://www.apnews.com/tag/APFactCheck
(Reuters) - Merck & Co Inc Chief Executive Kenneth Frazier resigned from U.S. President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council earlier on Monday, saying they were taking a stand against intolerance and extremism after a white-nationalist rally in Virginia turned deadly.
Trump in an early afternoon statement denounced white supremacists, including neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan, as "criminals and thugs," bowing to days of mounting political pressure to condemn such groups explicitly.
Frazier, who is African-American, is the first CEO to leave one of Trump's presidential advisory councils because of their reaction to the weekend of violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The AFL-CIO, an umbrella organization of unions representing an estimated 12.5 million workers, said it is evaluating its role on the manufacturing council, and that there are "real questions into the effectiveness of this council to deliver real policy that lifts working families."
The following are responses from companies and CEOs on Trump's manufacturing council to the recent events in Virginia and Frazier's resignation:
* Dow Chemical Co
"I condemn the violence this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia," Chief Executive Andrew Liveris said in a statement.
* Dell Inc [DI.UL]
"There's no change in Dell engaging with the Trump administration and governments around the world to share our perspective on policy issues that affect our company, our customers and our employees," a Dell Inc spokesperson said in a statement.
CEO Michael Dell plans to remain on the manufacturing council.
* General Electric Co
Jeff Immelt will remain on the council while they are the chairperson of the company.
"GE has no tolerance for hate, bigotry or racism, and we strongly condemn the violent extremism in Charlottesville over the weekend," a company spokesperson said.
* Intel Corp
"There should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name. #Intel asks all our countries leadership to do the same," CEO Brian Krzanich said in a tweet.
* Under Armour Inc
"We are saddened by #Charlottesville. There is no place for racism or discrimination in this world. We choose love & unity," CEO Kevin Plank said in a tweet from the company's Twitter account.
* Whirlpool Corp
Whirlpool will stay on the council.
"Whirlpool Corp believes strongly in an open and inclusive culture that respects people of all races and backgrounds. Our company has long fostered an environment of acceptance and tolerance in the workplace," a company spokesperson said.
* Campbell Soup Co
Chief Executive Denise Morrison will remain on the council.
"The reprehensible scenes of bigotry and hatred on display in Charlottesville over the weekend have no place in our society. Not simply because of the violence, but because the racist ideology at the center of the protests is wrong and must be condemned in no uncertain terms," a company spokesperson said in a statement.
* American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL-CIO)
The AFL-CIO is assessing its role on President Trump's council.
"The AFL-CIO has unequivocally denounced the actions of bigoted domestic terrorists in Charlottesville and called on the president to do the same," AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said in a statement.
* International Paper Co
"International Paper strongly condemns the violence that took place in Charlottesville over the weekend - there is no place for hatred, bigotry and racism in our society," a company spokesperson said in a statement.
* Boeing Co
Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg will stay on the manufacturing council.
* U.S. Steel Corp
A spokesperson referred queries related to the American Manufacturing Council back to the White House.
(Reporting by Sophia Kunthara in New York and Natalie Grover, Yashaswini Swamynathan, Uday Sampath Kumar and Rachit Vats in Bangalore; editing by G Crosse)
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — Long before they ran for president, real estate developer Donald Trump had a vision for state dinners that called for construction — specifically, the building of a big, beautiful White House ballroom.
Presidential candidate Trump regularly spotlighted a second, sharply different take on the events: They should feature a menu borrowed from the nearest drive-thru — or be canceled altogether.
But on Tuesday night, more than a year after their inauguration, President Donald Trump will attend their administration's first state dinner, with nary a ballroom nor a burger in sight.
The event, planned by First Lady Melania Trump, honors France's President Emmanuel Macron and their wife, Brigitte. White House officials say Trump has steered clear of the planning process. But over the years, he's shared plenty of ideas.
Two years ago, then-candidate Trump may not have been measuring the Oval Office drapes — but they were already envisioning what White House dinners held during their presidency might include, and what they might not.
Referring to events honoring visiting leaders from China and other nations, Trump scoffed at the splendor and spending involved. They told a Sioux City, Iowa, rally crowd that if North Korean leader Kim Jong-un visited the United States, they would get Trump's acceptance — "but I wouldn't give them a state dinner like we do for China and all these other people that rip us off when we give them these big state dinners."
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
3:11 Pet pig's botched butchering leads to arrest
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined them
LONDON — West Ham has fired its player recruitment director for telling agents the Premier League club would not sign any more African players.
In an email sent to agents and published by the Daily Mail on Wednesday, Tony Henry complained that African players “have a bad attitude” and “cause mayhem” when they are not in the team.
West Ham said Friday it terminated Henry's contract “with immediate effect following their unacceptable comments that were widely reported in the press.”
Henry's dismissal came after the English Football Association opened an investigation.
Cheikhou Kouyate, West Ham's Senegalese midfielder, wrote on Instagram Thursday that they are “African and proud.”
West Ham says it is an inclusive club “where, regardless of gender, age, ability, race, religion or sexual orientation, everybody feels welcome and included.”
Ty Majeski is a Midwest driver who is always at the front and wins a lot of races at a lot of different race tracks. There is a lot of talk around their neighborhood and across the country among other racers as to why. Of course they want to know, everyone wants to duplicate that success for themselves. Here I will offer my opinion as to why Ty wins and how they do it.
It doesn't matter whether you have ever heard of Ty or if you are racing against them or not, this story and the subject matter will apply to everyone who has to race against dominant teams. I base my evaluation and conclusions on some fifty years of observing drivers, setting up cars, winning races and championships and understanding the physics and psychology of racing.
What clues do I use to make such a bold statement and confident evaluation? With experience and understanding comes the knowledge of where to look for clues. When I explain how I evaluate performance and what clues I use, you too might agree with my conclusions. We'll see. Not everyone will.
I was talking with a friend of mine recently whose name most everyone in the Midwest and other parts of the country would recognize and they talked about their curiosity as to why this certain driver wins so much. We talked about the basics first off.
Ty has arguably one of the, or the, best crew chiefs in the industry of short track racing. Toby Nuttleman has crewed chief-ed for some of the best drivers in their part of the country including Steve Carlson who has won multiple Championships and was almost unbeatable at certain points of their career.
So, Toby knows how to setup a car. And they say, from what I hear around the campfire, that Ty is one of the best and smartest drivers they have worked with. Stories about the pair tell of a great relationship and unique cooperation. That doesn't necessarily cause success in and of itself, but it helps. The answer we are all looking for falls somewhere among those two ingredients, great driver and great crew chief. But what we are looking for isn't the overview, it is the details and that is what I am about to get into.
I recently watched some in-car videos taken during a few of Ty's races including the recent Ice Breaker 100 held at The Dells Raceway Park. The clues are all there for the astute observer in both the visual and the sound.
I never met Ty or Toby, and never talked to them. I don't need to in order to form my opinions. And if I had, I doubt anything either of them would say would tell the tale. There are plenty of drivers and crew chief who will tell you how they approach their racing and sometimes even the exact setup they use. That won't necessarily translate into success for you.
Here goes. As I watched the videos, I noticed that early in the race, Ty wasn't any faster than other cars around them when they had to come from several roes back. In fact, some other cars pulled them down the straights which might discount a horsepower advantage for him, not the other driver.
So, we look at the first ten to twenty laps and nothing jumps out except that Ty's car is very smooth, never jumps out on entry or exit, when other cars definitely do. Their throttle is very smooth both in lifting on entry and in application on exit. That I noticed right away. That is called throttle control and I cannot emphasize enough how important that is. This is clue number one.
Ty prefers to run down low and waits until the car ahead moves up and then makes their move. But most of these moves take place later on in the race. They might be staying patient, but then again they might not have the advantage just yet either, another clue.
The advantage I think they have is in the balance of the car. I see it and can feel it. Their car stays more consistent than other cars they race against most of the time. This is defined simply as; their car does not fall off in lap times as much as the other cars do.
The observation of this takes some time. You've got to stay with the videos for a while, like 30 laps or more in some cases, to see this. But when it starts to happen, they have already cleared many of the cars and is starting to run down the leaders. Run down is really the wrong way to describe it, what is really happening is that they are backing up to him.
This is a phenomenon I am very familiar with having had the opportunity to observe it many times. But why don't other teams develop the same balanced setup as Ty? It all comes down to both the philosophy of your approach to setup and where to look. No one is looking in the right place.
Most teams test and practice to find the fastest lap. I see this all the time. The setup that yields the fastest lap time will probably not sustain speed for a long period of time. So, you get the pole and you lead the early laps, but you fall back, or in your eyes get run down, by a faster car, one that has a more consistent setup. One we call balanced.
What I just described has been true of racers for a long time and will remain true for a long time to come. It is just human nature. It takes a very disciplined and experienced crew chief to understand this and to do the right thing, someone like a Toby Nuttleman.
For the drivers and teams who race against Ty, if you continue to try to find the quicker lap times and ignore the balance, you will continue to get beat by Ty or someone who is doing what that team is doing, plain and simple.
This combination of Ty and Toby is successful because Ty can drive with throttle control, which is always necessary, and because Toby understands the big picture and resists the urge to shoot for the fastest lap times.
What is the solution for those who get beat? If you fade at the end of a long run and/or at the end of a race, you are not running a balanced setup and you need to make changes. You might give up a tenth or two initially, but you will gain that or more later on, usually more.
And the other thing I think Toby does is that they maintain the setups that work. When you find that perfect balance, it is a very fragile existence and you must work to maintain it. But it will be useable for many different tracks that have similar characteristics.
So there you have it. This evaluation is solely my opinion, but based on a lot of experience and observation. If you can develop your approach to setup correctly and resist the “need to find the fastest lap” syndrome, you might just become more successful and be able to compete head to head with someone like Ty. As with everything else in life, it's all up to you.
If you have comments or questions about this or anything racing related, send them to my email address: chassisrd@aol.com or mail can be sent to Circle Track, Senior Tech Editor, 1733 Alton Parkway, Suite 100, Irvine, CA.
Brake Bias Question
Bob,
Good morning. My name is Dan and I'm building a pro stock dirt car. I'm working on the brake system right now and I had a friend help who has been at this for several years of building and racing cars. When they put the pedal assembly together they put together a Wildwood pedal and master cylinder. The front master cylinder bore is 7/8” and the rear is 1″. They also attached a 10lb residual check valve to both the front and rear master cylinders.
I installed a pressure gauge for bias adjustment to know exactly how much pressure there is in the front and rear. When trying to adjust to mostly rear brake the best I can get is equal pressure front and rear. With the balance bar in neutral position I have more front brake. Should I have both master cylinder bore sizes the same to be able to adjust my bias better from front to rear?
Also with the 10lb residual check valve, I know those are designed for drum brakes not disc. After talking to my friend, they said the 2lb there was too much pedal travel. My concern is that there will be too much brake drag and heat the brakes up too much. Should I change back to a 2lb or stay with the 10lb check valve? Also the master cylinders are above the horizontal plane of the calipers.
Thank you, Dan.
Dan,
The smaller master cylinder bore creates more line pressure with the same pedal pressure applied. That means the front will have more brake force than the rear, and that is not what you want.
So, if you reverse the two master cylinders, you would have more rear brake force and I think that is what you are trying for. If you made them the same, I doubt you will achieve “mostly rear brake”. Then if you don't have enough rear brake, some adjustment in the balance bar will help you with your goal.
Since the residual check valve is designed for use with a drum brake system, and I assume you are running disc brakes, you probably should remove them. Having the master cylinders above the calipers is just what you want so that any air in the lines will move to the masters.
Torque Arm vs. 3rd Link
Hello,
We are now in our closed season and are looking into our rear end setup. I've just read your article on mounting the 3rd link offset to help load the tyres evenly through anti-squat. We currently run a 3 link system with a panhard rod.
I've been looking but can't find a article you've done on torque arms. Is there any advantage on a torque arm system over a 3rd link? I'm trying to achieve more bite off the corners but can't find good enough info to tell how the torque arm would work on circle track racing as they are all on old muscle cars. Any info you might have would be great before we start altering bits about.
Thanks, Carl.
Carl,
I recently ran through the effects of the torque arm verses what the third link does. Here is my assessment. The 3rd link uses part of the force of rear end rotation upon acceleration to apply force to the rear end. This force serves to push down on the rear end at the point where it is mounted over the rear end while also equally pushing up on the car at the point where the front of the link is mounted to the chassis.
The remainder of the force is unused as far as helping drive the car off the turns. The torque arm is different in the way it works. All of the force trying to rotate the rear end is available through the torque arm. So, in a similar way, the rear is pushed down at the point where the arm is mounted on the rear end and the chassis is pushed up at the point where the front of the link is attached.
With the torque link, you can adjust the length of the link to manipulate how much force is applied, the longer the link, the less force and that has to do with leverage. The longer link will also apply the force farther to the front of the chassis.
What everyone needs to understand about both the 3rd link and the torque arm is that the force pushing up on the chassis takes load off of the springs and does not provide more loading on the rear tires. What both do is redistribute the existing load that is on the springs between the two rear tires offering the opportunity to gain more equal loading and therefore more overall grip from that pair of tires.
Panhard Bar or Watts Link
Hi Bob,
I enjoyed reading the article “Adjusting your Setup” in the Dec. ‘16 issue of Circle Track Mag. In the section on changing your race car from circle track to road racing you did not say what to with the pan hard bar or j-bar .Do you move it right or left of the chassis? Maybe a watts linkage would work better on the rear of the car for road racing?
Thanks, Raymond Hann.
Raymond,
You're right, I didn't say. You can use either the panhard/J-bar or a watts link for road racing, but most teams prefer to use the watts link, because with that system, there is no movement of the rear end laterally and the roll center stays more consistent.
With the panhard/J-bars, always mount them so that on the side of the chassis where it is mounted, you place the end of the bar higher by half of the shock/chassis movement on that side. Here is why.
If the bar were mounted on the right side chassis and you are turning left, the right side will droop or dive and on road courses, the left, or inside corner, will mostly remain at the same height. This keeps the bar more level in both right and left turns.
The problem with using the panhard/J-bar system is that the rear roll center, a major component in setup balance, changes height in the left turn scenario we described above. This changes the setup balance and makes the car tighter as the bar runs lower.
So, the left hand turns will feel different in handling than the right hand turns when using a panhard/J-bar system on road courses. I guess I just defined why you should change your car to a watts link system.
Jennifer Brooks, the Community Development and Communications Director for Humboldt, was very pleased with the new things that happened in 2016.
Brooks mentioned the new app that is available for citizens to report issues to city staff.
"The Humboldt Connect app is also used as a work system for the city where issues can be reported online assigned to an individual and tracked to completion so folks know we are taking any concerns seriously, that we will work to resolve them."
Brooks also wanted to say thank you.
"We do want to say thank you to all the residents community organizations businesses and industry partners who worked with us to provided valuable incite over the past year."
Coming up in 2017 the city will look at engaging the citizens and trying to improve upon that.
"We are really looking at enhancing our community engagement, we have had some really good feed back and civic participation with residents and we would like to see more of that, so what does that mean, what does that look like and how can we enhance our services."
You can hear more from Brooks below with BOLT FM's Tyler Bieber.
Last night's episode of Sherlock saw the super-sleuth (Benedict Cumberbatch) estranged from their longtime pal Dr Watson (Martin Freeman) after the latter's wife Mary (Amanda Abbington) was gunned down by an angry secretary. Tale as old as time.
However, the first trailer for the second episode of the new fourth series shows the pair back in action once again as they take on Toby Jones' terrifying new villain Culverton Smith (hinted at in last night's episode on a background poster), aka “the most dangerous, the most despicable human being that [Sherlock has] ever encountered.”
Clearly, there's nothing like a good evil laugh and some Sherlock grief stubble to reignite a friendship. Phew!
Sherlock returns to BBC1 next Sunday (8th January) at 9.00pm
The past becomes the future… what's old is new again!
The “brick phone” is making a comeback.
Yeah, we're talking about the Nokia 3310!
According to Venture Beat, the indestructible (and great on battery life) cellphone will be making a major comeback after seventeen years.
Word is, the announcement will be made Feb 26th and will sell for about $60.
No info on any major upgrades being made like WiFi, camera, etc.
Fingers crossed it still comes loaded with Snake!
On a field littered with FBS recruits, two defending state champions squared off at Traz Powell Stadium on Friday night.
And when the dust cleared, it was defending 6A champion Carol City which looked awfully impressive as the Chiefs jumped out to a 23-0 halftime lead and turned in a shockingly easy 44-0 running clock thrashing of defending 8A champ Southridge in a non-district matchup.
With a huge district showdown on the horizon against district rivals Northwestern Thursday on national TV (ESPNU at 8 p.m.) and Central on Oct. 27, the timing could not be better for the Chiefs (4-1) who appear to be clicking on all cylinders.
“Just an outstanding effort tonight in all phases of the game,” said Carol City head coach Benedict Hypollite. “To come out here just four days after our last game (Carol City shutout out Norland 21-0 on Monday) shows just how mentally and physically tough these boys are.”
Carol City made about as an early a statement as you can when Gregory Grate took the opening kickoff and bolted 90 yards for a score.
On their fourth offensive play from scrimmage, the Chiefs stunned the Spartans (3-2) when Marlon Smith dropped back and found a streaking Treyunn Lane wide open down the middle for a 67-yard score and it was 14-0 just six minutes into the game.
But if what turned out to be a running clock game actually game had a turning point, it came three minutes before halftime. After Southridge's Christopher McDonald picked off Smith and returned it 57 yards to the Carol City 3, the Chiefs defense came up huge.
Carol City Chiefs' Gregory Grate (7) carries a ball against Southridge Spartans during the football game Fri., Oct. 6, 2017 at Traz Powell stadium. ANDREW ULOZA FOR THE MIAMI HERALD
Two negative yardage plays and two penalties later, Southridge had a fourth-and-goal at the 14. That's when quarterback Andre Foster lofted a high pass to the corner of the end that Jarvis Brownlee picked off.
Rather than take a knee, Brownlee took off from eight yards deep in the end zone and, 108 yards later, they were in the Southridge end zone. Instead of 14-7, it was 20-0 and, for all intents and purposes, the Spartans were done.
“I never even thought about taking a knee,” said Brownlee. “Whenever I get my hands on a pick, I'm always looking to run somewhere with it no matter where I am. As soon as I got out of the end zone, I saw all green and knew I could take it to the house.”
Brownlee was only one of numerous outstanding defensive stars for the Chiefs on the night as Carol City recorded its fourth consecutive shutout (third in nine days) and has only given up six points all season, a 6-2 opening week loss to Deerfield Beach.
One of those standouts was junior defensive end Malcolm Ray who led the way with eight tackles, two sacks and a fumble recovery.
“I'm not surprised at all by the final score tonight,” said Ray who already has offers from UAB, Wake Forest and Florida State but is hoping a call from Coral Gables and the Canes might be in their future. “We know what this team is capable of doing when we come out and play our game and we did that tonight. Now we're going to get ready for the West (Northwestern) next week.”
The deadly witch Bayonetta had been dormant for several years. Following the release of the Wii U-exclusive Bayonetta 2, developer PlatinumGames moved onto several other projects, including Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutants in Manhattan and this year's Nier: Automata. But at The Game Awards on December 7, Platinum and Nintendo revealed the Switch-exclusive sequel we've been waiting for. Here is everything we know about Bayonetta 3.
It's a Nintendo Switch exclusive
Like its predecessor, Bayonetta 3 will be published by Nintendo and will be a Switch exclusive for the foreseeable future. Nintendo published Bayonetta 2 after Sega passed on the sequel.
For those of you who are new to the franchise — don't worry, you'll get a chance to catch up. The entire Bayonetta trilogy will be coming to the Switch.
During The Game Awards 2017 reveal, PlatinumGames also announced that the first two games will also be coming to the Switch February 16. Technically, the package will be released as a port of Bayonetta 2, though the game will come with a free digital download of the original. Nintendo and Platinum have not announced a release window for Bayonetta 3.
The first two games will have Switch-specific features that will presumably make their way into Bayonetta 3, as well. According to a now-deleted PlatinumGames post spotted by Polygon, the two games will support wireless cooperative play, as well as Amiibo and video-sharing support. On Bayonetta 3‘s official page, it listed support for up to two players, as well.
It could be a prequel
Evidence of this claim is extremely scant right now, but we have one indicator that Bayonetta 3 could take place before Bayonetta 2: Them hair. In the teaser trailer released during The Game Awards, Bayonetta can be seen with a long hairdo similar to what they had in the first game. In the sequel, their hair had been cut to a bob-length, making it instantly recognizable from its older sibling on store shelves.
Of course, there are two reasons this doesn't necessarily mean the game is a prequel. The first is time — Bayonetta could have simply grown their hair out again, and the game could take place years or millennia after the previous game.
The second: Bayonetta's magical ability to use their hair as a bodysuit and as a weapon. In the past, we've seen their hair change into a giant monster to attack enormous enemies while they stood in place, so it doesn't seem crazy to imagine that they can grow or shorten their hair at will.
A spectral creature
At the very end of the teaser trailer, Bayonetta stands still as they spot a ghost-like figure standing in the distance. The creature appears to be on fire, and it fades away with the wind as Bayonetta collapses, dropping their signature pistols before the game's logo appears — the number “3” is created by the crack in the center of a medallion, the purpose of which is not made clear.
MUMBAI - Outspoken Indian gay rights activist Harish Iyer is used to fighting for equal rights but over the last month they have turned into a messenger of love.
 They are the host of "Gaydio," the first radio show dedicated to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues in India, where homosexuality is a taboo and gay sex can be punished with up to 10 years in jail.
"As an activist, it is in my DNA to stand up for a cause," Iyer, 38, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Equal rights advocate Harish Iyer poses for a picture while hosting India's first LGBTQ-themed radio show "Gaydio" in this handout picture. Courtesy of ISHQ 104.8FM
"You hear heart-warming love stories during your activism, but you are busy being the savior. But on this show, I look at the softer side."
India's penal code bans "sex against the order of nature," which is widely interpreted as homosexual sex, and transgender people face widespread discrimination even though the Supreme Court has enshrined a person's right to identify as transgender.
The weekly show on commercial radio channel Ishq, which means love in Urdu, was launched in mid-July and is aired every Sunday in the cities of Mumbai, New Delhi and Kolkata.
“ As an activist, it is in my DNA to stand up for a cause.”
Iyer's guests on the two-hour Sunday show included a Sikh-Muslim male couple who spoke about how they met, their coming-out experience and still going strong after 12 years.
In another episode, a mother spoke with their son's ex-boyfriend and in the latest airing, a heterosexual man and their transgender wife shared their story.
Iyer, who hit headlines in 2015 when their mother posted a "groom wanted" matrimonial advertisement in a leading English-language newspaper, said people on their show have shared their stories openly.
"The unique religion, caste, gender and familial bonds in these stories are part of the narrative," Iyer said.
Related: Secret Online Groups Provide Safe Space for India's LGBTQ Community
There is no official data on the LGBTQ population in India, but the government estimates there are 2.5 million gay people, reflecting those who have declared their sexuality to the health ministry.
Campaigners say real numbers are far higher as many individuals conceal their identity fearing discrimination in a country where most marriages still take place within the boundaries of caste and religion.
Shivangini Jajoria, national operations head at Ishq, said the radio station wants to break down boundaries and feature all kind of relationships.
"When the Muslim and Sikh couple shared their coming out story, it made it easier for others to come out," said Jajoria. "People are also understanding the LGBTQ community better through these stories."
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
SEATTLE — Playing its first true road game, in an amped-up environment against an in-state foe, coach Mark Few wondered how No. 12 Gonzaga would respond following a one-sided defeat.
They didn't need to worry. The Bulldogs emphatically continued their dominance over Washington.
“We came into a setting that was primed to see how we would react to adversity and I thought our guys just handled it in a spectacular fashion,” Few said.
Johnathan Williams had 23 points and 12 rebounds, Zach Norvell Jr. added 21 points and Gonzaga ran away in the second half for a convincing 97-70 victory Sunday.
The Bulldogs (8-2) rebounded nicely from a loss to No. 4 Villanova and never allowed the Huskies to entertain the idea of a second Top 25 upset in one week. Gonzaga led by 19 in the first half and didn't let the Huskies put together a sustained run in the second half.
The Zags were 7 of 15 on 3-pointers in the second half and when they weren't hitting shots from the perimeter, Williams was scoring in the post. They went 9 of 14, making most of them inside 10 feet while using a variety of post moves.
Gonzaga didn't settle for challenged perimeter shots and instead made sure its interior players were allowed a chance to dominate. The Bulldogs shot 56 per cent in the second half and committed only three turnovers in the final 20 minutes.
“I just came out and played more aggressive. I didn't come out tentative,” said Williams, held to five points and no rebounds against Villanova. “I played more athletically. I stopped worrying about the shots and worried just about playing hard.”
Noah Dickerson led Washington (7-3) with 18 points and David Crisp added 16. Leading scorer Jaylen Nowell struggled with foul trouble and fouled out after scoring 11 points, well below their season average of 17.8.
The sellout crowd at Hec Edmundson Pavilion was intrigued by Washington's development under new coach Mike Hopkins after the Huskies upset No. 2 Kansas on the road Wednesday. But it was a split crowd and those in Gonzaga colours had plenty to cheer in the second half as the Bulldogs dissected Washington's zone defence.
“The one thing I felt like they did better than us tonight is they out-teamed us,” Hopkins said. “That's where we've got to get. It's the team. It's everybody.”
It was the first game in Seattle between the in-state foes since 2005, a lengthy layoff with numerous excuses but no good reasons for the long break in the series. The teams played two years ago at a tournament in the Bahamas and then met last year in Spokane in the resumption of the series for at least four years.
Gonzaga has won 11 of the past 12 meetings.
INJURY CONCERN
Gonzaga got a scare early in the second half when Josh Perkins walked off the floor grabbing at their right shoulder with 14:33 left and the Bulldogs leading 64-45. Perkins appeared to get bumped trying to make a pass and immediately called timeout. They pointed at their right shoulder and walked off the floor into the tunnel with an athletic trainer. Perkins quickly came back to the bench and missed less than a minute of game action.
Perkins said the shoulder briefly popped out and popped back in. They added the final exclamations with a 3-pointer that beat the shot clock and a lob to Rui Hachimura for a dunk in the final few minutes. Perkins had 14 points and eight assists.
“Just some shoulder issues in the past. It hurt for a little bit but I'm good,” they said.
LINEUP CHANGE
Washington changed its starting lineup for the first time this season, bringing Nowell off the bench and starting Naz Carter. The Huskies had the same starting lineup through the first nine games.
THE TAKEAWAY
Gonzaga: Norvell has been outstanding since entering the starting lineup over the past three games. They had 22 points in the loss to Villanova and 21 in their first start against Creighton.
Washington: The Huskies could not capitalize on their upset of Kansas due to a sloppy first half. Washington committed eight turnovers in the first half, was just 7 of 14 at the free throw line and missed nine straight shots during one stretch. The Huskies trailed by 19 in the opening 20 minutes and didn't appear ready for the big stage while trying to follow up such a big win.
UP NEXT
Gonzaga: The Bulldogs return home to host North Dakota on Saturday.
Washington: The Huskies host Loyola Marymount on Sunday.
Business owners in Madisonville are working around the clock to get ready for eclipse watchers.
City officials are estimating anywhere from 20,000 to 50,000 visitors.
"We are the best town on Earth," said The Gift Horse owner Kelley Chandler. "Now everyone is finding that out."
For about a year, Chandler and their staff at The Gift Horse have been planning for extra eclipse customers.
"We're just really excited to see new shoppers and what excitement it's going to bring to our community as a whole."
Like most local shops, they put their own spin on eclipse merchandise.
Wings Etc. has ordered trailers to store extra food they are stocking up on for the weekend.
"We've tripled our orders to make sure," said Wings Etc. manager Michelle Offutt. "We have a big menu, especially the wings."
With a location just off the interstate, restaurant workers are expecting non-stop customers.
"We have a great location for this with parking across the street and two big parking lots," explained Offutt. "I do have a big banquet room we're going to open up for the overflow. There may be a wait but we'll do our best."
Hotels in Madisonville have been sold out for the eclipse for months. Click here for information on viewing spots available in Madisonville.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
A suicide bomber driving a pickup loaded with explosives struck a bustling market in Baghdad on Monday, killing at least 36 people in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group (ISIS) hours after French President Francois Hollande arrived in the Iraqi capital.
The bomb went off in a fruit and vegetable market that was packed with day laborers, a police officer said, adding that another 52 people were wounded.
During a press conference with Hollande, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day laborers. Once the workers gathered around, they detonated the vehicle.
ISIS claimed the attack in a statement circulated on a militant website often used by the extremists. It was the third ISIS-claimed attack in as many days in and around Baghdad, underscoring the lingering threat posed by the group despite a string of setbacks elsewhere in the country over the past year, including in and around the northern city of Mosul.
The attack took place in Sadr City, a vast Shiite district in eastern Baghdad that has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni extremists since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion.
Shiite militiamen loyal to Muqtada al-Sadr, the firebrand cleric for whose family the neighborhood is named, were seen evacuating bodies in their trucks before ambulances arrived. Dead bodies were scattered across the bloody pavement alongside fruit, vegetables and laborers' shovels and axes. A minibus filled with dead passengers was on fire.
Asaad Hashim, an owner of a mobile phone store nearby, described how the laborers pushed and shoved around the bomber's vehicle, trying to get hired.
“Then a big boom came, sending them up into the air,” said the 28-year old, who suffered shrapnel wounds to their right hand. They blamed “the most ineffective security forces in the world” for failing to prevent the attack.
An angry crowd cursed the government, even after a representative of al-Sadr tried to calm them. Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's 6 million residents.
“We have no idea who will kill at any moment and who's supposed to protect us,” said Ali Abbas, a 40-year old father of four who was hurled over their vegetable stand by the blast. “If the securities forces can't protect us, then allow us to do the job,” they added.
Three smaller bombings elsewhere in the city on Monday killed another seven civilians and wounded at least 30, according to medics and police officials. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters.
Hollande meanwhile met with al-Abadi and President Fuad Masum, and was expected to travel to the self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
Iraqi troops, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, are fighting ISIS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. Iraqi state TV said Hollande will discuss increasing support for Iraq and the latest developments in the 10-week-old offensive.
Hollande promised that France would remain a long-term ally of Iraq and called for coordination between intelligence services “in a spirit of great responsibility,” in remarks carried by their official Twitter account.
France is part of the American-led coalition formed in 2014 to fight ISIS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria. France has suffered multiple attacks claimed by the extremist group.
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants and bad weather.
Mosul is Iraq's second largest city and the last major urban area in the country controlled by ISIS. Iraqi and U.S. commanders hope to drive ISIS from the city in the next three months.
Both ministers acknowledge there is a need for greater supply of all tenures including market housing.
The say they are keen to see more SME house builders enter or re-enter the market in Wales to increase not only housing supply, but to "innovate and help shape the future of house building".
FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. Solid U.S. jobs data on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, did little to improve the mood in global stock markets as investors continued to worry about rising U.S. bond yields. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on Roseanne Barr (all times local):
11:50 a.m.
President Donald Trump has broken their silence on the cancellation of "Roseanne."
In a tweet, Trump noted that Robert Iger, who is chief executive of ABC's parent Walt Disney Co., called Valerie Jarrett to say the network wouldn't tolerate Roseanne Barr's racist tweet about the former Obama adviser.
Trump wrote that Iger never called them to apologize for "the HORRIBLE statements" that have been said about them on ABC. Tweeted Trump: "Maybe I just didn't get the call."
The president reveled in the show's success this spring, especially after Barr's character came out as a supporter of their policies.
2 a.m.
Roseanne Barr shows no signs they will remain quiet about their firing from their popular ABC series and has highlighted supporters' tweets criticizing the network.
Barr engaged in a series of tweets Tuesday night, hours after ABC announced it was canceling the rebooted "Roseanne" over a racist tweet by the comedian attacking Valerie Jarrett, an adviser to former President Barack Obama.
Barr's post-firing tweets included an apology to those who lost their jobs because of their words, but their choice of retweets struck a defiant tone. They included one post that juxtaposed an image of Jarrett with an image of a "Planet of the Apes" actor — a comparison that led to their firing.
They later tweeted that people should not defend them
PDP reveals how Saraki caused Dino Melaye's arrest, tells lawmakers what to do
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has claimed that the Senator represent Kogi West, Dino Melaye, is being harrassed by the Progressives Congress (APC) led federal government because they support the Senate President, Bukola Saraki and also criticizes the current administration. This was stated in a series of tweets posted on their verified Twitter handle […]
PDP reveals how Saraki caused Dino Melaye's arrest, tells lawmakers what to do
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bisexual Neo-Nazi Sentenced to Psychiatric Hospital for Planning Terror Attack at Gay Pride Event
Disney-ABC executive Ben Sherwood was using Roseanne Barr's inflammatory tweeting habits to promote the show at the advertiser promotional convention “Upfronts”, Think Progress reports:
The presentation began with Barr, who was heavily featured, introducing Disney-ABC Television Group chairperson Ben Sherwood as “the guy responsible for most of my tweets.” Sherwood then appeared and praised Barr as someone who has “always done it their way.”
“For the record, I have absolutely nothing to do with Roseanne's Twitter account,” Sherwood joked. “Take a look at their most recent tweet. It was all her.”
Sherwood then displayed a (fake) tweet from Roseanne complimenting them as a “more handsome and rugged Ben Affleck with a better back tattoo.”
Ouch. As Think Progress notes, Tuesday was not the first time Barr had tweeted something racist.
Their full report here.
Water, Sanitation & Hygiene: First Response in Conflicts & Natural Disasters
Sanjay Wijesekera is Global Chief, Water, Sanitation & Hygiene at the UN children's agency UNICEF*
This article is part of a series of stories and op-eds launched by IPS on the occasion of World Water Day on March 22.
UNITED NATIONS, Mar 19 2018 (IPS) - When disaster strikes, or conflict rages, families soon discover their most urgent need – water. In such precarious situations, access is usually limited or non-existent, and children and their families are forced to put themselves in further danger in the quest for water.
During such times, water and sanitation experts are often the first responders to communities affected by conflict and natural disasters. They work to ensure safe access to water, which paves the way for other vital interventions such as health, nutrition, education and protection.
As a young engineer, I was deployed by an international aid agency to Rwanda in 1994 in the aftermath of the civil war and horrific genocide. I arrived in Kibeho in the wake of suffering and great loss: shallow graves on roadsides; blood-stained walls in the local church; the unmistakable smell of rotting flesh.
Amid the death and destruction, it was vital to focus on the immediate needs of the children whose lives remained at risk from malnutrition, waterborne diseases and diarrhea.
For those of us lucky enough to have easy access to drinking water and a functioning toilet – the lack of water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) is not a major concern. But for the one in four children around the world who live in countries affected by conflict or disaster, it is an overwhelming preoccupation and a matter of survival.
In times of conflict, more children tend to die from diseases caused by unclean water and poor sanitation than from direct violence.
In Kibeho, children walked up and down steep hillsides to fetch drinking water from streams and unprotected springs polluted with human and animal feces. I remember meeting Aimee, an emaciated little girl, in a makeshift shelter made of branches and thatched with dried leaves. Aimee was malnourished, severely dehydrated, and in desperate need of medical attention.
Despite their condition, they managed a smile as we hurried to get them the urgent medical care they needed. Them resilience gave fresh meaning to our job – to install a water supply in their village – which was a major camp for thousands of Rwanda's internally displaced people.
I saw the same strength and resilience in Myanmar when I visited displaced populations of Rohingya in Rakhine state in 2013. The ground on which people pitched their tents – their makeshift homes – was low-lying and waterlogged.
The lack of sanitation and hygiene made living conditions not just unbearable, but a huge risk to life especially for children and their families living on hard-to-reach islands that were only accessible by boat.
Children, once again, were visibly malnourished and although UNICEF and partner organisations were providing water, children and families still had to walk long distances to collect it. It was an overwhelming task that called for commitment and persistence.
In the face of this adversity I was amazed by the great resilience demonstrated by women who described their shared care system which helped them cope with their difficult circumstances.
United by their loss and grief, households partnered with each other to cook, fetch water, gather firewood, care for children and tend to the sick. There was no complaining, no anger. Just hope, pragmatism, and a pooling of meagre resources.
Since the outbreak of violence on 25 August 2017, more than 670,000 Rohingya people have sought refuge in Bangladesh. During my visit, there is this month, I was reminded yet again of the importance of maintaining the humanitarian response of providing safe water and sanitation to people affected by conflict while sitting with refugee children in a learning center in Kutupolong refugee camp in Cox's Bazaar.
Their smiles and laughter were echoes of resilience that must be bolstered by those working to meet the needs of this enormous refugee population, particularly as the approaching monsoon and cyclone season brings with it health risks and hygiene challenges.
Over the past six years, I have witnessed the humanitarian response of delivering water, sanitation and hygiene in times of conflict and disaster. I've seen the profound impact it has for children who have lost so much and yet remain incredibly resilient.
We share the strength and determination of children like Aimee and the women and girls in Myanmar and Bangladesh, and we remain committed to preserving the rights of every child to water, sanitation and hygiene.
*UNICEF launched a fundraising appeal to support children and families affected by conflict and disaster globally. More than a fifth of the appeal will go towards UNICEF's work on WASH. UNICEF is the leading humanitarian WASH agency in emergencies, providing over half of the emergency WASH services in humanitarian crises around the world.
FORT WORTH, Texas — A 20-year-old who as a teenager used an “affluenza” defence regarding a drunken-driving wreck that killed four people is set to be released April 2.
Ethan Couch has served almost two years in jail for a revoked probation and is to be freed from the Tarrant County Jail in Fort Worth, Texas. He's been serving a 720-day sentence after their 2016 probation revocation for attending a party where alcohol was served.
Couch was 16 when the truck they were driving killed pedestrians in June 2013. A psychologist at their manslaughter trial blamed their actions on “affluenza,” or irresponsibility due to family wealth.
Their mother, Tonya Couch, awaits trial on charges of hindering apprehension of a felon and money laundering after they fled to Mexico with Ethan in 2015. She's free on bond.
More than 37 million Americans suffer from migraine attacks, according to the American Headache Society. Of these, about 4 million have chronic migraine and suffer headaches for 10 to 14 days a month.
While some people are helped by low cost, over-the-counter drugs such as ibuprofen, others need stronger prescription medications, such as sumatriptan and ergotamine, which constrict the blood vessels in the brain and can cause dizziness or nausea. Botox injections are also used to help ease migraines in some people.
But a large percentage of sufferers are not helped by anything.
“"This is the first-ever mechanism specific migraine drug designed for prevention," said lead study author Dr. Peter Goadsby, professor of neurology at King's College London, UK and University of California, San Francisco. "This will change migraine treatment for those who don't respond to conventional treatments.”
To participate in the study — the results were released ahead of the annual meeting of the American Academy of Neurology — adults ages 18 or over, had to report between four and 14 disabling episodic migraines, or 15 or more chronic migraines per month, and to have failed two or more preventative treatments, such as topiramate, propranolol, or amitriptyline.
Researchers found that the drug reduced the average number of monthly migraine headaches by more than 50 percent for nearly a third of study participants. After three months, patients treated with the human antibody were nearly three times more likely to have reduced their migraine days by 50 percent or more, than those treated with placebo.
They also had a greater average reduction in the number of days with headaches and the number of days they needed to take drugs to stop the migraines.
No patients taking erenumab stopped treatment due to adverse side effects, but the scientists noted that more research will be needed to investigate if the benefits continue.
Malden, Massachusetts native Denise Desjardins, 58, with niece Madeline Salvitella suffered from migraine headaches for over 10 years, but found great relief after taking erenumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody drug that is showing great promise in migraine prevention. Denise Dejardinsnull
Malden, Massachusetts native Denise Desjardins, 58, coped with migraine headaches for over 10 years, particularly around their menstrual cycle.
“I would land in bed for two to three days, four to five times a year,” said Desjardins. “These were in-your-bed, no-matter-what headaches.”
Them migraines became a daily misery after a bilateral mastectomy following a diagnosis of breast cancer. They were put on Imitrex, a popular migraine drug that helps to quiet overactive pain nerves in the brain, but it didn't help.
For about four years, Desjardins has been taking an erenumab injection once a month, without any side effects, as part of the study.
"I don't even think I get migraines anymore," said Desjardins.
The drug is expected to receive Food and Drug Administration approval on May 17. If approved, it could be available for prescription, and insurance coverage, later this year. The drug's cost has been estimated at $10,000 a year.
Because other migraine medications were not developed for headache, their side effects limited how well patients could tolerate them, said Kudrow.
"This class of drug is a real game changer," said Kudrow. "One, because it's effective and two, the side effect profile is really favorable."
The U.N.'s top human rights official says he's alarmed by what appears to be a “widespread pattern” of rallies in Burundi in which members of a pro-government youth militia sing about impregnating opponents.
An online video emerged this month of an incident involving the Imbonerakure militia. Burundi's ruling party criticized the song.
The U.N. human rights office on Tuesday cited reports of several similar incidents. The high commissioner for human rights, Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, said “the grotesque rape chants by the young men of the Imbonerakure across several provinces in various parts of Burundi are deeply alarming.”
Zeid welcomed the governing party's condemnation but said reports senior officials were present at other rallies are “very disturbing” and called for an acknowledgement that the rally caught on camera “was not an isolated incident.”
Unpaid N800b subsidy arrears threaten banks, downstream sector
Unless the Federal Government urgently offsets the accumulated subsidy arrears, interest on loans and the foreign exchange differentials of N800 billion that accrued to petroleum marketers between 2014 and 2017, the Nigerian banking system and the downstream sector may face serious challenges.
The Ministry of Finance is yet to pay the N800 billion for imported petrol, despite a directive by the Acting President Yemi Osinbajo that the marketers should be paid without delay.
The marketers now import less than three per cent of the country's demand, leaving the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to take full responsibility of importation of petroleum products into the country. They said, although, the Federal Government has scrapped subsidy regime, interest on loan has continued to accumulate from 2014 to 2017.
Already, many of the petroleum marketers have embarked upon staff retrenchment after stopping the importation of PMS thereby depending on supplies from NNPC.
The marketers, comprising Major Oil Marketers of Nigeria (MOMAN), Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN), and Depot and Petroleum Products Marketers Association (DAPPMA), said their inability to pay or service the loans, has not only stalled the importation of fuel by the private marketers but is also threatening the operations of the affected banks and the country's financial system.
Experts who spoke with The Guardian yesterday said that the unpaid debt would lead to a serious crisis in the banking sector, which they said was already burdened by a series of bad debts, with the majority of these coming from the oil and gas sector.
The group said in a statement by its Legal Adviser, Patrick Etim, which was made available to The Guardian yesterday that the debt had greatly impeded their ability to operate. “Our operating funds have been eroded, the situation has curtailed our ability to access funds from the financial institutions and some of our members have resorted to staff retrenchment due to inactivity. Besides, our worst fear is that AMCON at some point may take over our firms as a result of this debt. It is for these reasons and other challenges facing the downstream petroleum subsector that we seek government's intervention to approve the immediate payment of the debt,” they added.
To the marketers, urgent intervention of the government and authorisation to pay the outstanding debt will enable them to commence importation of petrol.
“Acting President Osinbajo summoned a meeting on May 22, 2017 in which the Minister of Finance, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources and the Central Bank governor were in attendance. The meeting was on how to pay the debt.”
“Osinbajo, at the end of the meeting, directed the Minister of Finance to within two weeks resolve the problem of the outstanding debt to them, adding that the Minister of State for Petroleum should confirm the indebtedness at the meeting. They said government would do everything possible to clear the debt so the marketers can commence the importation of petrol. As it stands now, only the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) currently imports petrol,” the marketers said.
According to them, the foreign exchange differentials, which arose as a result of the initial devaluation of the naira by the last administration from the initial N165/$1 and the interest payable due to delayed reimbursement by the government, both of which the Federal Government had approved for payment to marketers, have not been fully settled by the appropriate government agencies.
Efforts to confirm Osinbajo's directive for payment of the debt failed as press time.
The marketers said: “The recent further devaluation of the naira from N195 to N285 and later to over N305 to $1, while the Federal Government agencies based their reimbursement calculation on N197 to $1, has left members of our association with additional debt burden in excess of N300 billion. The downstream subsector is now saddled with a debt burden of over N400 billion, which keeps rising because the banks are still charging interests on it until the total debt is fully liquidated.
“As a result of the unpaid interest and foreign exchange differentials, we are becoming insolvent and financially handicapped to continue operating profitably. Commercial banks, the original and actual owners of these funds are already hard hit by our inability to return these funds within the ‘contract tenure of 45 days' and have, in line with the Central Bank of Nigeria's guidelines, ‘classified' marketers' accounts in all the banks in the country.”
According to the statement, the marketers are unable to pay because the sums they owe the banks form part of what they are in turn owed by the government and their inability to pay or service the loans, has not only stalled their further importation of fuel but is threatening the operation of the affected banks and the nation's financial industry at large.
“The problem of the banks is compounded by the fact that they provided billions of dollars to finance the importation of cargoes of petrol. They opened Letters of Credit at approximated exchange rate of N197/$1.00. Petrol was supplied and sold by marketers at the then prevailing government-approved pump price and the repayment was calculated using the above exchange rate. “As at 2016, the banks have not liquidated the Letters of Credit from 2014 because of lack of foreign exchange from the government.”
Executive Secretary of the Major Oil Marketer' Association of Nigeria (MOMAN), Obafemi Thomas Olawore, said that only a few marketers were importing an insignificant quantity of petroleum products into the country.
According to him, there is still subsidy. “At least the Federal Government bears over N300 million daily as subsidy as NNPC becomes the sole importer of petroleum products.”
On the implication of marketers' indebtedness to the banking sector and the economy in general, Professor of Banking and Finance, Mountain Top University, Ojo Joshua, said the delay in the repayment of the debt might lead to retrenchment in the banking and the oil and gas sectors.
They noted that the situation on ground showed that the government might not be able to pay the debt due to the present economy recession. According to him, unless urgent measure is taken to offset the debt, it may translate to a non-performing loan.
The Director-General, Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Muda Yusuf, attributed the high non-performing loans in the banking sector to the oil and gas indebtedness to the banks.
“This can have negative effects on the financial sector stability, which is not good for the economy. A situation, where a banking sector is being owned N800 billion is a major threat to the continuous existence of the sector.”
Yusuf also called for a complete liberation of the sector. We cannot continue to run the sector like this. This is why we have not been able to unlock the huge potential in the downstream area. The marketers need to be settled and urgently too.”
The Chairman of DAPPMA, Dapo Abiodun, said in addition to paying the marketers' outstanding $2 billion claims, the permanent solution was to remove the cap on the pump price of petrol and fully liberalise the downstream sector.
Abiodun, who is also the Chief Executive Officer of Heyden Petroleum Limited, said it was not by choice that the marketers allowed NNPC to currently import 95 per cent of products.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tara Suckstorf joined KFOR Mornings Tuesday to talk about two lemonade stands going on June 1st and June 2nd, but this isn't just an ordinary lemonade stand. 100 percent of the proceeds will go toward the nonprofit Alex's Lemonade Stand that raises money for pediatric cancer research. Suckstorf's family held a lemonade stand for the past few years to raise money for the nonprofit, and now they're expanding to two different lemonade stands.
They'll be out serving up lemonade June 1st and June 2nd from 10am – 6pm at the 27th and Pine Lake Super Saver and the Fallbrook Super Saver. You can listen to the whole interview below.
Once upon a time… getting the content of a computer screen and putting it on the network for remote access was done entirely in software. The CPU was solely responsible for making sure the app content is rendered, encoded into a video frame, and shipped over the network so a remote user on the other end of the wire can access their desktop and work remotely. The desktops evolution added graphics acceleration, but for a while accelerated graphics was not available to the remote users in a virtual environment. The remote desktop users were restricted to set of productivity applications that did not require GPU.
The advances in the GPU technologies in the past decades changed that. Graphics acceleration became available to desktops and high-end PCs so users can have spectacular gameplay experiences or increased productivity while using high-end computer-aided design applications. The prices for the gamers PCs and CAD workstations rocketed into the sky while more advanced GPUs with more cores and infinitely higher capabilities took over the market. Inevitably democratization of the GPU prices drove the cost down and the GPUs in the desktops became prevalent. Now every app on a modern desktop, laptop, or even a mobile phone can take advantage of a GPU acceleration.
Read the entire article here, RDP and PCoIP graphics accelerated virtualization solutions – Enterprise Mobility + Security
via the fine folks at Microsoft.
CANFIELD, Ohio (WYTV) – There are typically three high school sports seasons, fall, winter, and spring. But for some area athletes, summer is also all-star football season.
On Thursday, June 15th the Jack Arvin game in Hubbard will feature Trumbull, Mahoning, and Columbiana County all-stars, while the Penn-Ohio Stateline Classic is set for June 29th at Geneva College, and will include a large number of Columbiana County standout players.
Some of these all-stars athletes are making a summer of it as they will participate in both games. Included in this group are Lisbon's, Colin Sweeney, Bailey McCullough, and Jacob Liberati, Columbiana's Keenan Green, Wellsville's Michael Shope and Brazen Grodhaus, Sebring's Nate Martin, and United's Colton Bowen.
“I have work too, and I'm getting ready for Baldwin-Wallace, workouts, and everything,” Liberati explained of their busy summer. “And playing in the Jack Arvin, I just love it. Football and work, that's about it,” Liberati said with a chuckle.
Jacob is following in their older brother's footsteps as Josh Liberati played in both games last year. “I got this call about two weeks ago and I was excited because Josh played in it last year.”
“I was asked to play in the Penn-Ohio game a couple months ago because of Coach T (Tsilimos) and everything. They picked me, Jason Thompson, Colin (Sweeney), Bailey (McCullough), and David (Toot) too now,” Liberati explained about being picked for the Penn-Ohio game.
Ironically, in the Jack Arvin game, Liberati and their teammates will play for the coach of Lisbon's biggest rival in Michael Demster of the United Eagles, “He's a great guy. They have a lot of football knowledge and everything. He's doing really good things with United. He's coaching us up, so that's good.”
“It's a pretty big honor,” Sebring's Nate Martin remarked on being named to both all-star squads. “You don't really get the opportunity to get to play in two big games where there is going to be a lot of people. I mean you need to take the opportunity if it comes, and that's what I did.”
Although Martin doesn't have any experience playing for coach Tsilimos, they have enjoyed the learning opportunity with coach Demster, “It's a lot of fun. He's showing me new things I didn't know. It's a new experience because I'm getting to play under a different coach that has different techniques and things.”
“I didn't find out till late,” Wellsville's Michael Shope said on being named as a replacement player on the Jack Arvin roster. “I was supposed to go to my brothers for the summer to help them out at a shop they just opened. So to get a chance to play football is nice. It'll get me in shape better for college ball.”
“It's nice, different,” Shope added playing for a different coach. “He's a very up-tempo coach. It's very different, very different.”
All the players participating in both games will have very little recovery time as they will play the Jack Arvin Game this Thursday and start practice for the Penn-Ohio game on Monday. Those playing at the next level will get just a short break before summer conditioning and practice starts for their respective college or university.
With the total solar eclipse just one week away, Dr. Jennifer Ashton shares how to shop for the right protective eyewear for viewing the solar eclipse.
The Sokoto State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has said the “immaturity” of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, is responsible for Nigeria's current economic downturn. Speaking in Sokoto, the state Seretary of the party, Kabiru Aliyu, also blamed the “poor performance” of the APC-led Federal Government on the frosty relationship between the […]
Dale Earnhardt Jr, left, talks with team owner Rick Hendrick after the unveiling of the team's cars for the NASCAR Cup Series' 2018 season during an event in Charlotte, N.C., Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. Chuck Burton AP Photo
If you use the encrypted messenger Signal, you may want to be checking for a new feature that is rolling out to the stable version of the app. Video calls are coming — and yes, this was added to the beta version just a few days ago. To accomplish this, Signal is overhauling its entire calling infrastructure (which should improve voice call quality, too).
To see if you're in the first wave of the rollout, open the app and toggle Signal Settings -> Advanced -> Video calling beta. In order for you to fully experience the new calling system, both you and the person with whom you are chatting need to have it enabled. The plan down the line is for it to be turned on by default for everyone, but Signal is hoping to crush bugs and resolve issues before that happens.
The interesting thing is that this is still considered a beta feature, even though it's rolling out to the stable versions of the iOS and Android apps. Regardless, be on the lookout for the update or you can grab it from APKMirror. And if the finer details intrigue you, be sure to check out the source link for some deeper information.
By Abby Hassler
Friday night (April 14), Lorde held a surprise performance at Pappy & Harriet's, a small western-themed bar 20 miles outside of Coachella, where they debuted new music, including a song called “Sober” from their upcoming album.
The show was the singer's first live performance in two years and only about 300 fans were at the event. The setlist for this show included “Homemade Dynamite,” but it was crossed off and not performed.
Related: Watch Lorde as a Hard-Rocking 12-Year-Old
However, two days later, Lorde took the main stage at Coachella and performed both “Sober” and “Homemade Dynamite.” Them new album, Melodrama, is scheduled for release June 16.
Lorde's Coachella setlist:
The Yankees best starting pitcher and legitimate Cy Young candidate of last season, Masahiro Tanaka, will probably be pitching their final season in pinstripes in 2017.
That is because their contract contains an opt-out clause following the 2017 season. It would follow then that the Yankees would attempt to trade them before that to at least get something in in return for losing him. Here's how it could play out.
Barring injury, and you always have to put that little proviso in there, the Yankees will lose Masahiro Tanaka at the end of the 2017 season when they exercise their contractual right to opt-out and leaves New York.
They will do this for the simple reason that it makes no sense for them to be 3,000 miles and six hours further away from their homeland in Japan. Usually, this would put all West Coast teams in play for their services. Except that they also have a full no-trade clause in their contract as well, meaning in practical terms, the Yankees only have minimal control as to what happens during the season.
The Yankees also will be making another sensible decision before they would even attempt to trade Tanaka. And that would be the level of impact on the standings at the time by trading away their best starting pitcher. Are they in the race, or not. And even if they are in the race, would it make practical sense to trade them anyway, getting a starter of equal or slightly lesser value in return. Tough choices, but they're ones that the team is obligated to make.
So with Tanaka mainly in the driver's seat, it would behoove the Yankees to at least begin the process of feeling them out through their agent Casey Close, who also represented Derek Jeter during their playing days. But at the same time, it doesn't take rocket science to figure out that only the West Coast teams and possibly Arizona would be in play.
Tanaka plays in the American League so it would follow that the Angels, A's, and Mariners are in play more than the unfamiliar National League teams. And from there, you make the next leap to the Mariners because the A's can't afford them and the Angels don't have anyone the Yankees would want.
So, it's narrowed down to the Yankees and Seattle. Fair enough? Now, when you look at the Mariner's roster, doesn't one name sort of pop out at you. A name that the Mariner's might be willing to trade straight up for Tanaka. Because after all, the Mariners have not been able to win anything with him, so it's logical they could continue to do the same without him, and what would be the real loss.
Felix Hernadez, of course, is the name we're referring to. They cost about $5 million more than Tanaka at about $27 million per year and the savings for Seattle might be appealing. Like Tanaka, their contract also expires in 2020 when they would become a free agent at the age of 34.
While Tanaka flourished last season, Hernandez struggled mightily with their command and their ERA soared to a high (for him) of 3.82. Reports are also out there that they are continuing to have issues while playing Winter Ball. But like Tanka, they are a bona fide major league pitcher and an All-Star to boot.
For both players, the deal would seem to be amenable to their needs. Fernandez gets the chance to hit the reset button and pitch for a team that is virtually guaranteed to be competing for a spot in the playoffs as soon as this year and a World Series title is also within sight. And Tanaka gets their wish to be closer to home.
For the Yankees and the Mariners, though, it's a wash, and that could put a damper on the trade. Because when you look at the remainder of the Mariner roster, they have nothing the Yankees want or need. And beyond that, when you check team prospects rankings, all the major players in that field rank the Mariners fourth in their Division, so they can't tempt the Yankees that way either.
Want your voice heard? Join the Yanks Go Yard team!
Nevertheless, a straight up Tanaka-Hernandez deal is an interesting idea and certainly not outside the realm of possibility.
More from Yanks Go Yard
This article originally appeared on
WASHINGTON: Multiple Russian military aircraft came close to a US Navy destroyer in the Black Sea on Feb. 10, incidents considered “unsafe and unprofessional,” a US official said on Tuesday.
There were three separate incidents involving Russian aircraft and the USS Porter, Captain Danny Hernandez, a spokesperson for US European Command, said. One involved two Russian Su-24 jets, another a separate Su-24, and the third involved a larger IL-38.
“USS Porter queried all aircraft and received no response,” Hernandez said.
“Such incidents are concerning because they can result in accident or miscalculation,” they added.
The incidents involving the Su-24 were considered to be unsafe and unprofessional by the commanding officer of the Porter because of their high speed and low altitude, while the IL-38 flew at an unusually low altitude, Hernandez said.
Another US official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the closest incident that day involved the lone SU-24, which came within 200 yards of the Porter at an altitude of 300 feet (91 meters).
This is not the first time interactions have taken place between Russian jets and US ships.
In April 2016 two Russian warplanes flew simulated attack passes near a US guided missile destroyer in the Baltic Sea. The flights by the warplanes were so close they created wake in the water. (Reporting by Idrees Ali)
Ryan Lizza, the Washington correspondent of The New Yorker, was fired on Monday by the magazine, which said they had engaged in improper sexual conduct.
Lizza became the latest high-profile journalist to lose their job in the torrent of misconduct allegations, which were partially unleashed by The New Yorker itself. The magazine was one of the first to break the news of harassment allegations made against the Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein.
"The New Yorker recently learned that Ryan Lizza engaged in what we believe was improper sexual conduct," the magazine said in a statement. "We have reviewed the matter and, as a result, have severed ties with Lizza. Due to a request for privacy, we are not commenting further."
Ryan Lizza attends The 2009 New Yorker Festival: The Political Scene at City Winery on October 17, 2009 in New York. Neilson Barnard / Getty Images for The New Yorker file
Lizza disputed the magazine's decision almost immediately, issuing a statement that described a complaint made by one woman.
"I am dismayed that the New Yorker has decided to characterize a respectful relationship with a woman I was dating as somehow inappropriate," they said. "The New Yorker was unable to cite any company policy that was violated. I am sorry to my friends, workplace colleagues, and loved ones for any embarrassment this episode may cause."
They said they had the highest regard for their colleagues, but described the magazine's decision as "a terrible mistake," made hastily and without "a full investigation of the relevant facts."
The woman mentioned by Lizza remains anonymous, but their lawyer, Douglas Wigdor, sharply disagreed with Lizza's description of the circumstances.
"In no way did Mr. Lizza's misconduct constitute a 'respectful relationship,' as they have now tried to characterize it," Wigdor said in a statement. "Our client reported Mr. Lizza's actions to ensure that they would be held accountable and in the hope that by coming forward they would help other potential victims."
Lizza was also suspended by CNN, where they are an on-air contributor. "We have just learned of The New Yorker's decision," the network said. "We are suspending Ryan Lizza from CNN while we look into this matter." Georgetown University in Washington, where Lizza taught a class in American Politics and the Media, said it was also severing its relationship with Lizza, at least for the upcoming semester.
Lizza was The New Yorker's Washington correspondent between 2007 and 2017, according to their biography on the magazine's website. They also wrote for many years for The New Republic.
 They are best known for conducting the expletive-filled phone interview with the former White House communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, in which Scaramucci blasted colleagues Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus, leading to their forced departure after just 11 days in the White House job.
In addition to Lizza, a string of political journalists and commentators have either been suspended or fired after becoming embroiled in accusations of sexual misconduct. They include: Glenn Thrush of The New York Times, Charlie Rose of PBS, Michael Oreskes, NPR's head of news, Mark Halperin, a political commentator for NBC, and Matt Lauer, an anchor of "Today" on NBC.
Halfway to the playoffs, and two stories are emerging in NASCAR's premier series with one common theme: Points.
There are the playoff points that Kyle Busch and Kevin Harvick are accumulating at a rate quick enough that half of this year's championship field might be sewed up by September.
And then there are the “regular” points that will become even more of a scramble over the next 13 races to snatch whatever berths remain in the 16-driver playoff field.
There have been six winners through the first 13 races, mostly because of Busch (four victories) and Harvick (five). If the two hottest drivers in NASCAR's premier series can maintain their torrid pace, and if some combination of Martin Truex Jr., Joey Logano, Clint Bowyer and Austin Dillon also can repeat (which seems likely), there probably will be more spots available on points than ever in the five seasons the playoffs were reconfigured in 2014.
The playoff lineup is filled first by winners, and if there are fewer than 16, the remaining slots are awarded on points. The record for most points-eligible qualifiers was five in 2015 (Jamie McMurray, Jeff Gordon, Ryan Newman, Paul Menard and Bowyer), and there seems a good chance for at least as many or more this year.
As NASCAR grinds through the grueling summer stretch with slick racetracks and oppressive heat, the tension could ratchet up against the backdrop of a points race – particularly with a fresh 2018 schedule that includes another 1.5-mile track (Chicagoland) and a new cutoff race.
In the regular-season finale Sept. 9 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, NASCAR seems to be learning toward using the All-Star Race rules package that mixes restrictor plates and aero ducts to bunch the field.
The current championship standings should make it a no-brainer, given there is virtually no chance of having 16 playoff berths for 16 winners.
If there is a points battle of, say, more than a dozen drivers vying for the last six or seven playoff berths, it could turn the Brickyard into the free-for-all that the 2.5-mile track desperately needs to help reinvigorate dwindling crowds.
Though last year's race was among the most memorable because of the three-wide battles for the lead at the front, it could be even more captivating to watch several drivers duel for positions within the pack in the waning laps if the racing resembles the action produced in the All-Star Race.
Thus, Busch and Harvick inadvertently could make the Brickyard a must-watch event this season – while simultaneously turning the playoffs into a frenzied scrum of 14 drivers for two spots in Miami.
While it isn't a foregone conclusion that they will be in the championship finale, Busch (25 playoff points) and Harvick (24) are tracking ahead of where defending series champion Truex was last season (16 after 13 races). At this rate, both will claim mega-bonuses from their regular-season standings and would enter the playoffs as co-favorites.
Kyle Busch has won at Charlotte Motor Speedway, which means they have won at every track on the Cup circuit.
This STILL will be true Sept. 30 when the first race is run on Charlotte's road course. Yes, the track will carry a “Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval” designation on the schedule, and its debut will mean that they won't have won at every Cup layout.
But Busch still will have won at every track for several reasons.
Start with the fact that the “Roval” course will use all but 400 feet of the 1.5-mile oval that Busch finally conquered Sunday night in the Coca-Cola 600.
And let's remember that many famous ovals also have road courses that hold races, and there is little distinction made in designating them.
Jeff Gordon and Michael Schumacher are both five-time winner at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Will Power became a first-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 but is a four-time winner at IMS. Mario Andretti, A.J. Foyt and Jamie McMurray have multiple signature victories at Daytona International Speedway – in the Daytona 500 and Rolex 24.
NASCAR apparently will be recognizing the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval as a “new” track, which opens a Pandora's box of questions about retrofitting its record books.
Tracks rarely are given such reclassifications after repaves or reconfigurations that change the complexions of their races. The Roval layout might be on a different level, but so is Richmond Raceway's 65-year evolution.
It started as a half-mile dirt track before being paved in 1968. Two decades later, it was torn down and rebuilt as the current 0.75-mile track.
None of this is abundantly obvious (unless you have an eagle eye for varying distances) on Racing-Reference.info, the deservedly respected bible of NASCAR historical information. Richard Petty has 13 wins at Richmond – not 10 on pavement and three on dirt (which should count as much as a “new” track as turning a 1.5-mile oval into a road course).
Busch apparently was told less than an hour after becoming the first driver of the modern era to win at every track that (because NASCAR is counting the Charlotte roval as a “new” track) the record would last for four months .
How about letting them enjoy it for much longer than that? As in, until the next time a new track actually is added to the schedule?
There's always annual talk about which NASCAR driver might be the next to attempt the Indianapolis 500-Coca-Cola 600 doubleheaders.
But how about IndyCar drivers coming the other direction?
Power's Indy 500 win, coupled with their 2014 championship, should allow them to write their own ticket with team owner Roger Penske, who has IndyCar and NASCAR teams under the same roof in Mooresville, North Carolina. Power has expressed a desire to race a stock car, as have teammates Simon Pagenaud and Josesf Newgarden (who also have IndyCar titles).
“Hell, yes,” Newgarden said last week. “I love NASCAR. I think it's awesome. Open wheel cars captured me as a kid. That doesn't mean I don't like stock cars. But I also like this resurgence of drivers who say they want to do everything. I think there are a lot of guys who do want to do everything and always have.
Joked Pagenaud: “I'm very French but could do it. I can drink coffee while I drive, no problem. I can do it.”
Newgarden is frustrated by how segmented racing has become for drivers in the 21st century. “You have to have a side,” they said. “You have to choose one. I think it's so stupid. I like it all. I watch everything. I watch NASCAR stuff. We all do. We all follow that stuff. We'd all love to try it.
“When you drive for Roger, you have to first focus on what you're hired for, and you're hired to win the Indianapolis 500 and the championship, and if you do a great job at that, maybe one day you'll get an opportunity to try a stock car. I hope that happens.”
The growth of road courses in both the Xfinity (Road America is a longtime IndyCar venue) and Cup series also could offer more opportunities. James Hinchcliffe is among the IndyCar drivers who reportedly has been exploring one-off road-course rides in NASCAR.
And based how they handled single-file restarts Sunday in Indy, we wouldn't mind seeing Alexander Rossi getting a shot, too.
For the second time this season, four Chevrolet drivers (Jimmie Johnson, Jamie McMurray, Kyle Larson and Alex Bowman) finished in the top 10 at Charlotte. It also happened at Bristol Motor Speedway, but accomplishing the feat at a 1.5-mile track is an encouraging sign for a new Camaro that has seemed to lack the aerodynamic advantage of Ford and Toyota.
The impact of NASCAR's new Optical Scanning Station certainly seems to have helped Ford drivers, who have been hinting since the preseason that the new inspection system would benefit their Fusions with more rear downforce.
But the OSS also might have had an opposite effect on the Camaro, whose design and development was initiated before teams saw the system in action for the first time last fall (in demonstration mode during the playoffs).
Hendrick Motorsports recently acquired an OSS for its shop, joining several powerhouse teams that purchased theirs before the season. NASCAR managing director of competition and innovation John Probst said as many as 10 teams have OSS systems.
That isn't unusual given that teams would have their own sets of templates when NASCAR used the metal silhouettes for measurements, but Probst said the efficiency and accuracy of the OSS (which relies on two dozen high-definition cameras and projectors) makes it a more attractive option for teams.
Though NASCAR offers an OSS for teams' use at its R&D Center in Concord, North Carolina, many rely on OSS in their shops because they take measurements throughout the car-building process.
“I think we anticipated teams would buy this,” Probst said on last week's episode of the NASCAR on NBC Podcast. “Teams measuring (cars) multiple times as it goes throughout the shop, that's a very reasonable thing to do.
“There are a lot of reasons to buy the technology. It's relatively simple, the results are fairly quick and accurate. It's relatively cheaper compared to many other solutions. It's a more efficient system in general.”
Listen to Probst on the podcast via the embed below or on Apple Podcasts, Stitcher, Spotify or Google Play.
Erik Jones had a miserable night in the pits with a magnificent car Sunday at Charlotte, and it was the pit stop between Stages 3 and 4 that really had to hurt.
Jones' No. 20 Toyota entered in second place but left in 19th because of a stop that went several seconds longer because their front tire changer switched to a backup pit gun.
The reason? Kasey Kahne ran over the primary gun's hose while entering their stall just ahead, ripping it from changer Houston Stamper's hands.
It would seem unfair to suffer because of the actions of a rival driver who faces no repercussions at all. But there are two important rules of thumb to consider.
–A driver entering their stall has every right to enter as sharply and swiftly as desired (without violating another car's pit box).
–Each pit crew is responsible for keeping its equipment out of harm's way.
The only feasible way that NASCAR could have penalized Kahne would be if he'd gone out of their way to affect Jones' stop.
In two of the past three seasons, the Coca-Cola 600 has been a runaway in which the winner has led at least 94 percent of the laps.
The record for highest percentage of laps led in the previous 55 years of NASCAR's longest race was 83 percent (Jim Paschal in 1967).
How is this dominance possible in a race that historically has demanded constant adjustments to keep up with a temperature-sensitive surface that can vary wildly over the course of four hours in the transition from blazing hot sun to a cool evening?
The simplest explanation might be that the Charlotte reigns of Truex in 2016 and Busch this year underscore the importance of being in clean air on an aerodynamic superspeedway.
Crew chiefs Cole Pearn and Adam Stevens can tune the car better with their championship-caliber stars able to provide the best feedback in static conditions. And with teams running high-fidelity simulations nonstop, there is more information on making strong setup calls than ever.
Sunday's race sadly marked the third time in four years that a fan has climbed a catchfence during a Cup race. While it thankfully didn't necessitate a race stoppage at Charlotte (unlike an infamous incident at Richmond and similar to one at Dover last year) because it was defused so quickly, it still begs the question: Why is this still happening?
We've written this before, but having a fan fall onto a hot track on national TV would be a really bad thing, not just for the event but racing in general. Whatever tracks have to spend to rectify this so that fans stay off the chain link in the future, it's worth it.
Goalkeeper Sergio Rico has committed their future to Sevilla until 2021 after agreeing a two-year extension to their existing deal.
The 23-year-old, a product of Los Rojiblancos' youth system, is highly rated and was linked with Liverpool as recently as last month.
But, having last penned fresh terms in January 2016, has now made their long-term plans clear by signing up to the LaLiga club for the next four years.
Rico has won two Europa Leagues titles with Sevilla and earned their first Spain cap last June.
Marca reports that Rico's new contract includes a rise in their release clause from €30million to €40m.
Eduardo Berizzo's Sevilla take on Istanbul Basaksehir in the first leg of their Champions League play-off clash in Turkey on Wednesday.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
0:57 Girls watch Hidden Figures movie
3:34 Police release body camera video of fatal 2016 shooting
Tyrod Taylor does not know why Bills benched him, believes it was unfair
What is in all likelihood an impending divorce between the Buffalo Bills and quarterback Tyrod Taylor doesn't sound like it's going smoothly.
Taylor criticized their Week 17 benching as unfair and agreed with the perception that it shows a lack of faith in him.
“I didn't see where it was fair. The opportunity was taken from me,” Taylor said Monday, via Matthew Fairburn of NYup.com. “That's above me. That decision was made. I had to live with it and support my guys.”
Taylor also felt that the benching signals a lack of confidence from the organization.
“Um, I mean that's fair to say,” Taylor said. “That's what it showed. That's what I think it showed. But at the same time, the conversation wasn't detailed enough to know if that was the case or not. Hopefully we can have that conversation this week. Maybe it's today. I'm not sure. We haven't met as a unit yet, nor have I met with the people upstairs, so maybe it will be clear what's the direction moving forward.”
Taylor said they had “no clue” why they were benched, saying nobody in the organization gave them a reason.
“I've heard that they wanted to evaluate the young talent that we have in EJ [Manuel] and Cardale [Jones],” Taylor said. “I've also heard things as far as the injury clause, which I don't really put much behind that because that was the situation all year. Like I said, we'll see what the real decision was.”
Reports indicated that the benching did have to do with the injury clause, namely the team not wanting to be on the hook for $30 million if they got hurt. Taylor's comments are those of someone who's a little bit hurt and confused, and this process seems to have become unnecessarily messy for the team.
Certain to sit second in the table no matter what the result at Pride Park, Neil Warnock's side appeared on course to open a four-point cushion over Fulham when it led at the halfway stage.
Callum Paterson volleyed home at the back post to break the deadlock in the 28th minute of the rearranged fixture.
However, Cardiff collapsed after the break. Cameron Jerome struck twice for Derby, with the striker's brace sandwiching a goal for substitute Matej Vydra, as the Rams claimed a crucial three points that lifts it above Millwall and into the final play-off berth.
Meanwhile, Barnsley missed the chance to move out of the relegation zone after suffering a 3-0 loss at Nottingham Forest.
After their long-range strike curled in to put the hosts ahead at the City Ground, Lee Tomlin turned from scorer to provider to set up Ben Brereton for Forest's second before the half-time interval.
Apostolos Vellios added a third in the 90th minute, knocking in the rebound after goalkeeper Jack Walton had kept out substitute Joe Lolley's chip.
The defeat means Barnsley remains 22nd in the table, two points behind nearest rival Bolton Wanderers with two games remaining in the season.
A JUDGE has threatened to strike out the case of a Limerick man accused of multiple sexual offences if the matter is not progressed by the State.
The 51-year-old defendant, who has an address in the city centre, is accused of raping and sexually assaulting a woman at a number of different locations in the city – including at a graveyard.
The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, faces a total of 28 charges relating to offences which are alleged to have happened on various dates during 1994, 1995 and 1996.
During a sitting of Limerick District Court before Easter, Sergeant Donal Cronin, prosecuting, sought an adjournment of the case to facilitate the preparation of a book of evidence.
“There are quite a number of counts,” they said adding that the matter is progressing.
Solicitor Tom Kiely opposed the application and expressed their concern at the continuing delay.
They pointed out that their client has been in custody for a number of weeks.
In reply, Sgt Cronin submitted the defendant has not been prejudiced as they have not not sought bail.
Judge Mary Larkin noted the concerns of Mr Kiely and they said the matter will be marked peremptory on the next occasion.
The Director of Public Prosecutions previously directed trial on indictment and the matter is likely to be heard at the Central Criminal Court.
Judge Larkin adjourned the matter to later this month.
Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday:
HP Inc., up 86 cents to $22.16
The printer and PC maker raised its profit forecast after it topped analyst projections in its latest quarter.
U.S. Bancorp, up 98 cents to $49.84
Banks rallied as bond yields rose after sharp losses a day ago.
Exxon Mobil Corp., up $3.08 to $81.50
Oil prices turned higher and energy companies broke out of a five-day losing streak.
Dick's Sporting Goods Inc., up $7.87 to $38.35
The retailer raised its profit forecast after strong online sales boosted its first-quarter results.
WellCare Health Plans Inc., up $5.84 to $226.99
The health insurer said it will pay $2.5 billion for Medicaid provider and pharmacy benefits manager Meridian.
Chico's FAS Inc., down $1.82 to $8.17
The clothing retailer's quarterly profit fell short of Wall Street estimates.
Michael Kors Holdings Ltd., down $7.81 to $60.41
The luxury retailer gave a disappointing forecast for the year.
J.M. Smucker Co., down 9 cents to $108.59
High dividend stocks like household goods makers moved lower as investors grew less cautious and took more risks Wednesday.
ANN ARBOR (CBS Local) – An engineer in Michigan may have just answered the prayers of many parents who have messy children at home. Researchers at the University of Michigan have reportedly created a new coating that's being called an “everything-repellent.”
The Details:
University of Michigan scientists develop “omniphobic” coating that can repel nearly every liquid
Inspired by co-author's dream to create material that would make cleaning up after their child easier
Coating prevents grime buildup on surfaces like tables, floors, walls, even phone screens
‘Everything Repellant' could be game-changer for daycares, homes with young kids
Next phase of study is to ensure material isn't toxic
Anish Tuteja, an associate professor of materials science and engineering, says their team has developed an “omniphobic” substance, which can repel nearly every known liquid. The clear and durable coating was inspired by the scientist's dream to create a material that could make cleaning up after their child a much easier chore.
“I have a 2-year-old at home, so for me, this particular project was about more than just the science,” Tuteja said in a university paper. “We're excited about what this could do to make homes and daycares cleaner places, and we're looking at a variety of possible applications in industry as well.”
According to the team's findings, published in ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces, the omniphobic coating can be applied to any surface and would prevent grime from building up on tables, floors, walls, and even phone screens.
The new coating mixes two substances, a bonding agent called fluorinated polyurethane and a molecule known as F-POSS. “The repellent and binder mix together well enough to make a clear coating, but there's a very small amount of phase separation between them,” researcher Mathew Boban explained in a press release. Boban added that the F-POSS will “float to the surface” of the mixture and forms the kid-proof layer.
Tuteja says their team is now studying their new coating to make sure it's not toxic. Items like yoga mats, which contain polyurethane foam, have previously been linked to infertility due to exposure to the flame retardant chemical.
The family of a guard killed during a prison riot and five other officers who survived the inmate uprising are planning to accuse the state of Delaware in a federal lawsuit of ignoring security and staffing problems.
The lawsuit will be announced at a news conference Tuesday morning. The plaintiffs are being represented by the Neuberger firm.
In February, inmates took four correctional workers hostage at Vaughn Correctional Center in Smyrna, setting off a nearly 20-hour standoff during which correctional officer Steven Floyd was killed. The siege ended after two other guards were released and tactical teams breached the building and rescued a female counselor.
Image copyright Durham Police Image caption Eileen Brennan was struck when the bus veered off the road
A bus driver hit the accelerator instead of their brake when their single-decker knocked down and killed a shopper, a court has heard.
Michael Gilbert was letting patients off at a bus stop in Darlington when the vehicle went across a carriageway killing pedestrian Eileen Brennan, 85.
Mr Gilbert, 53, of Middleton St George, County Durham, denies causing death and serious injury by dangerous driving.
Teesside Crown Court heard that another pedestrian had their leg badly crushed.
On the first day of Mr Gilbert's trial, the hearing heard that the bus also crashed into a branch of Halifax bank in Darlington's Northgate on 7 July 2016.
Prosecutor Simon Reevell said Mr Gilbert had parked their bus to let passengers get on and off before it "zoomed" across the carriageway.
They said: "Mrs Brennan's tragic death was caused by Mr Gilbert pressing the accelerator of their bus when they should have been pressing the brake.
"He did that because they took a short cut, not in terms of route, but in terms of safety procedure.
"He had been trained how to drive their bus in a safe way and they chose to ignore that training with these consequences."
Image copyright PA Image caption The bus careered into the Halifax bank
Had they put the bus into neutral, they would only have been able to put it back into gear if they had pressed the brake pedal, the court heard.
Instead, Mr Gilbert held the bus on the handbrake and kept it in gear, Mr Reevell said.
The court heard they were arrested after the collision and told police there was a mechanical fault with the vehicle, but later tests found there were none.
The jury was shown CCTV footage of the collision from several angles.
Mr Reevell said: "If you are taught a safe way of doing something and if you take a short cut that has dangers attached to it, and if you cause one of those dangers to happen, then you are driving dangerously."
The trial continues.
BUCHAREST, Romania — Romanian police say they are investigating the “suspicious” death of a well-known journalist who was found dead in their home near the Romanian capital.
Police spokesperson Ciprian Romanescu said late Monday that Andrei Gheorghe had died in suspicious circumstances 12 hours earlier.
Their body was found in the bathroom of their home in Voluntari, a suburb just north of Bucharest.
The 56-year-old Gheorghe made their career as a radio and television journalist after dictator Nicolae Ceausescu was overthrown in the 1989 anti-communist revolution. They were known for their acerbic comments about current events and politicians.
Police said they received a call Monday evening about their death and are investigating the case. They declined further comment.
A man who admitted a heroin dealing charge has avoided punishment — because they are already in jail.
Paul Fleming (46) got a 15-month prison stretch after they admitted possession of a knife outside their home in McClurg Court, Motherwell, on May 24 this year.
An allegation that they shouted abuse, made threats and challenged people to fight was dropped.
Fleming was on bail at the time after appearing at Hamilton Sheriff Court accused of being concerned in the supply of heroin at another flat in McClurg Court on April 4.
They admitted the drugs charge 10 days after being jailed for the knife offence. They were fined £240 but given no time to pay as he's in prison, so the financial penalty will be written off.
Co-accused John Paul Gillon (33), Emma Hamilton (25) and Steven Mills (19), all of McClurg Court, had their not guilty pleas to the heroin dealing charge accepted.
Gillon admitted possession of cannabis and was fined £80, but this was also written off as, three days earlier, they had been jailed for 18 months for slashing a man with a knife in Oakfield Road, Motherwell.
The court heard police officers seized several small bags of heroin when they went to the McClurg Court flat.
Solicitor Diarmid Bruce, who represented all four accused, said Fleming had bought the drugs, worth about £160 in total, to share with their friends and was not a commercial dealer.
HOUSTON - The start of Independence Day will be a soggy one in Houston.
KPRC2 meteorologist Britta Merwin said the heaviest rain early Wednesday morning will be mainly east of the Interstate 45 corridor but will spread across more of the area by mid-morning.
Off-and-on thunderstorms will increase in coverage by lunchtime and should begin to wind down by 6 p.m. That means most fireworks shows should be in good shape.
Generally, most locations will receive between 1 and 2 inches of rain. Some spots could see as much as 4 inches.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
The latest effort to come up with a male birth control pill has found a formulation that appears to be safe.
But the experimental pill has at least one of the same problems that plague female birth control pills: it caused the men to gain weight. It's also not yet clear how well it works.
Even though the researchers said they were “very excited” by the results, they haven't been testing it long enough to show whether it decreases sperm production, and they haven't shown whether it stops couples from conceiving.
Nonetheless, it may be the best hope yet for a non-permanent male contraceptive, said Stephanie Page of the University of Washington School of Medicine.
“Our last great advance in male contraception was 300 years ago with the development of the condom,” Page told a news conference.
The pill Page's team tested is called dimethandrolone undecanoate (DMAU) and it‘s tweaked version of previous failed efforts to develop a male pill. It is being developed with funding from the National Institutes of Health.
The last big hope for a male birth control pill fell apart in 2016 when the drug was shown to damage the liver. It also required two doses a day.”It's hard enough to remember to take a pill once a day,” Page said.
Them team tested 100 male volunteers and came up with good results from 82 of them. Some got sugar pills and the rest got varying doses of DMAU.
“Individuals on all the doses had remarkably low testosterone levels,” Page said. And the levels recovered within days of stopping the pills, the team told a meeting in Chicago of the Endocrine Society.
Related: Cancer drug affects sperm count
More importantly, there were no major side-effects. “Despite testosterone levels that were very low, the men had no symptoms,” Page said. “No hot flashes — the men had normal moods,” they added.
“We did see some mild weight gain and a little bit of a change in cholesterol levels,” they added. The men gained between 3 and 9 pounds, and their HDL or “good” cholesterol levels fell slightly, something that might, over time, raise heart disease risk.
Plus the pills must be taken with food or they won't work.
The next step is to see if the pills decrease sperm production. The team is starting that trial now that they've shown the drug is safe in the short term. Then they'll have to test it in men who are married or in other long-term relationships with women.
“Our last great advance in male contraception was 300 years ago with the development of the condom." “Our last great advance in male contraception was 300 years ago with the development of the condom."
DMAU works by interrupting the signal between the brain and the testicles, Page said. “Testosterone production is blocked and therefore sperm are not able to finish their last stages of maturation,” they said.
One big question has always been whether men would actually take a birth control pill reliably, since they're not the ones who bear the burden of pregnancy.
“We're often asked if there was a contraceptive if men would be interested in using it,” Page said.
“There has been very nice work in this area demonstrating that men across the globe — various races, ethnicities and across socioeconomic groups — are actually very interested in contraception,” they added. “And 60 to 80 percent of men surveyed in such studies say if there was a reversible contraceptive available, they would be very interested in using it.”
Wigan got their Super League season off to a flying start. Here are five things we learned...
1. It wasn't a lack of success which spoiled Wigan's 2017 season, but a lack of enjoyment.
Shaun Wane vowed to address the issue in the off-season, and there were clear signs they had succeeded as Wigan cut loose with five second-half tries including three efforts from inside their own half.
They attacked with speed, precision and flair. There was more ball movement, and more bodies in motion, which plucked the Salford defence out of shape.
The win was good. The style of the win was richly encouraging.
2. Wigan's ploy of rotating the play-makers worked well.
Instead of carrying a hooker on the bench, Wane replaced No.9 Thomas Leuluai with fit-again full-back Morgan Escare. In the reshuffle, No.1 Sam Tomkins moved into the halves and Sam Powell nudged up to dummy-half - with Leuluai returning for the final quarter.
The biggest indication it was a success was perhaps the fact it went largely unnoticed - there was no disruption when the ‘spine' was changed.
It was great to see Escare, and prop Ben Flower, back in action after their campaigns were cut short by injury.
3. Oliver Gildart has admitted they want Wigan's left side to be the best ‘edge' in Super League.
It is too soon to say if they can lay claim to that tag, but they made a promising start. Liam Marshall was drafted in to replace Joe Burgess and scored two second-half tries - including a cheeky chip-over on the half-volley.
Gildart finished with two tries himself, while Escare also finished off a sweeping move down that channel.
“Wigan's left edge tore us apart,” admitted Salford coach Ian Watson. “We knew all about it and had prepped for it - but dealing with it is something else.”
4. The 7.30pm kick-off polarised opinion.
With no video referee to delay proceedings, the early-start allowed those with children get home at a more reasonable hour (and those without to get to the pub!).
But given the AJ Bell Stadium is located just a Pat Richards drop-out away from the busy M60, many fans complained they were stuck in heavy traffic trying to reach the ground in time.
5. Salford gave as good as they got during a tight and pacey opening half, but couldn't keep pace with Wigan when they stepped up a gear.
They have some good players, a smart coach and with Robert Lui pulling the strings, they can pose a threat. But with such a thin squad, they may struggle to cope once injuries begin to bite.
The Red Devils were missing Mark Flanagan and Logan Tomkins against Wigan, and coach Watson confirmed afterwards winger Manu Vatuvei may be out for the year. They need reinforcements, and fast.
Kansas City Royals' Lorenzo Cain, right, celebrates after hitting a solo home run against the San Francisco Giants with Mike Moustakas during the third inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Jeff Chiu AP Photo
It was not the wake-up call Tom Metcalf was expecting.
On January 9, around 6 a.m., the president of the Royal Canadian Legion Br. 396 in Chippawa received a frantic call from a cleaner at the Legion Street facility.
A water pipe had burst and the basement had flooded.
“There were two inches of water downstairs,” they recalled.
The basement area sustained extensive water damage. The tables and chairs are gone and the bar, carpet and tiles have been ripped out.
All that remains is pool table and a few metal desks piled with books and other items members were able to salvage.
“It's pretty well void of anything,” Metcalf said.
While insurance will cover the damage, he's been told the legion will be stuck with a $62,000 H.S.T. bill as insurance does not cover the tax on claims at commercial properties.
The legion, which has approximately 150 members, is now scrambling to raise funds to cover the shortfall and other expenses that have arisen since the flood.
There is a leak in the basement wall along the east side of the building. A new floor in the damaged basement can't be installed until the leak.
“Now, all of a sudden, that has jumped to the top of the list in terms of priorities,” Metcalf said.
Also, the roof needs work.
In the past, the hall on the main floor has been available for rent but any future rentals are on hold at this time as the legion needs to use the hall as its club house. The legion relied on income generated from the rentals to provide services to area veterans.
The legion is now looking to the community for support.
“Drop in and see us,” Metcalf said, adding new members are always welcome. “Have a drink once in a while, a beer or pop or whatever. Come in and chew the fat. Join...see what we're all about.”
Also, a fundraising dance will be held Feb. 10.
“It started as a Valentine's Day dance and now it's a raise money dance,” said Patricia Fischer, second vice president.
Admission is $10 and includes pizza and door prizes. Entertainment will be provided by Second Heaven.
For more information, call 905-295-4451.
See Billy Graham's visit to South Carolina, including USC football stadium and Ft. Jackson
1:46
Wilmington, NC (PRUnderground) February 2nd, 2018
Kitchen Tables, they're the origin of some of the best ideas. Such was the case ten years ago when two working parents were faced with the need for reliable care they were introduced to the drop-in style childcare. Their experiences led them to build upon the concept in hopes to help other parents with their need for more free time. And, so, Giggles was born!
“This became our mission, to offer childcare that was convenient, reliable, safe, and that operated at a higher standard,” said Zach Richards, owner of Giggles.
Like any new business, this one needed a name. After many brainstorming sessions, a name for the new business seemed close to impossible. That is, until the very one who had sparked the entire idea of the new business also sparked the idea for the name. “Our son was about one, and they had the most contagious, and full-hearted giggle that just consumed their face and spread to everyone else that was in the room. This was something that we wanted to capture, and to hear, from all the children that we cared for,” adds Richards. In a business that was created with their son in mind, it is only natural that they played such a vital role in one of the biggest decisions.
Swaying away from the norm of traditional childcare and taking the route of drop-in childcare instead, still, a fairly new concept at the time was an easy choice to make. The stigma that is associated with traditional daycare environments is not what our founders had in mind when they envisioned their own space. The idea was to create a place that kids loved to enter into, and parents could feel at ease when taking some time for themselves- “We love being able to offer kids something that is just fun and that offers parents complete flexibility,” said Richards. Achieving that took a lot of careful planning, and placing kids best interest at the top of the priority list.
The planning eventually paid off, and it is now a personal favorite of the founders to see the reaction of first-time families. Richards said, “I love the reaction when parents drop off for the first time. Often, by the time the parents finish the registration, the kids are playing and don't even want to say goodbye.” By creating an environment that is both fun, and safe kids are excited to play and explore the center, and, typically, the parents are shocked and surprised that it really is that easy. The first reaction does not end at drop off, no, it doubles at pickup. “When the parents return to happy kids still playing and begging to stay a little longer, the parents are thrilled,” adds Richards.
The idea of a company slogan was first toyed with as “the only problem you'll have is getting your kids to leave,” but after seeing all of the possibilities that the company could offer the current slogan of “Playtime for them, free time for you!” was adopted.
Adding an appealing twist to the center was one thing that the founders knew was necessary in making their centers stand out from the rest. While on a trip to the most magical place on Earth – A.K.A. Disney World -they gained the inspiration that they had been lacking. The family explored The Swiss Family Robinson exhibit and allowed the attraction to spark their own imagination. With the help of a very artistic friend, Matthew J Leavell, the very first Giggles Treehouse was born; “We told them what we wanted to do, and they made it a reality. Their work and attention to detail were absolutely amazing.” Each location has a treehouse that is unique to the center itself, and while we have since worked with many other talents, we are grateful to the one who first helped our childhood dream become a reality.
Sharing lots of smiles, hugs, sweet faces, and giggles are what the founders love to experience with all Giggles families. A family who loved their experience, and wanted to share it with others – that is how the very first franchise location was born. It was revealed that they always felt a good feeling when they came in, and they wanted to own a business like that. To date, there are five locations in two states with a plan to expand to many more locations this year.
With so many families, there are countless stories of how Giggles Drop-In Childcare has been able to help them gain back free time, but they are all priceless. One story, in particular, stands out to the founders, as the most memorable, and rewarding experiences for them. They recall, “The mom dropped off their young girls. They had just moved here, their husband was deployed and they didn't know anyone. They were thrilled to be able to get a little break. They became a part of our Giggles family, and we grew to love them and their girls. When their husband came home on leave, they came in to pick up the girls. They looked me in the eye and shook my hand and told me how much it meant to them that their wife had some help while they were gone and that their girls had a place to play that they loved. They said they couldn't thank us all enough, and I have never forgotten it.”
The Richards adds, “For all of the families that have helped fill the last ten years with so many wonderful giggles, thank you. We understand how important your kids are to you and we are honored that you allow us to be a part of your lives.”
For more information visit www.gigglesdaycareinc.com/10years/.
About Giggles Drop-In Childcare
Giggles Drop-In Childcare was founded in 2008 in Wilmington, North Carolina.
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
UNC's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A&M in NCAA tournament
0:51
[March 19, 2018] New Survey Finds 95 Percent of Shoppers Want to Be Left Alone in Stores
Ninety-five percent of consumers want to be left alone while shopping unless they need a store associate's help, according to a new consumer survey by HRC Retail Advisory, a leading strategic retail advisory firm. According to the survey, many shoppers are moving away from the hands-on, personalized service from store associates, and instead turning to their friends and family via social media to share pictures and gather opinions before they buy, particularly in apparel. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319005643/en/ Credit: HRC Retail Advisory To better understand what drives shoppers into stores, and what they like to see when they get there, HRC recently polled 2,900 North American consumers about their shopping habits and preferences, revealing that a majority of shoppers are looking to in-store technology for customer service. In fact, approximately 85% of consumers surveyed want to be able to check prices at price scanners throughout a store rather than having to ask a sales associate for pricing information. Further, 69% of shoppers said that being able to order a technology product online and then pick it up in store is important (likely where they can see it and test it before buying), with a similar 65% saying it is important for apparel. Conversely, while the need for store associates is diminishing overall, nearly 52% of all respondents said that an in-store personal shopper who helps them choose products is important when shopping for technology items. However, most respondents still preferred technology over personal service, as a much higher 76% of overall respondents rated an in-store app that will provide personal recommendations as important. "As consumers begin favoring in-store technology over sales associates while they shop, retailers must adapt to shopper expectatios in the store environment," said Farla Efros, President of HRC Retail Advisory. "Identifying the right technologies and pairing it with the right in-store experience for shoppers of different generations will be critical to retailers' long-term success. Those that curate and customize the store experience and services to suit shoppers' needs will see the benefits." Technology Falling Short In-Store Consumers surveyed showed less enthusiasm about several of the popular technology innovations and in-store experiences that many retailers are offering:
Dressing Room Tech. Technology in apparel-store dressing rooms that assists with shopping was deemed important by only 17% of those surveyed. And only 6% of respondents ranked customized lighting in dressing rooms as important when shopping for apparel and shoes.
Technology in apparel-store dressing rooms that assists with shopping was deemed important by only 17% of those surveyed. And only 6% of respondents ranked customized lighting in dressing rooms as important when shopping for apparel and shoes. Mobile Payments. Mobile payments ranked only slightly higher, with about 8% of those polled saying that having the option to pay via a mobile app was important to them.
Mobile payments ranked only slightly higher, with about 8% of those polled saying that having the option to pay via a mobile app was important to them. In-Store Events. Only 19% of overall respondents said that retailers' special events designed to create communities were an important part of a store's offering, particularly when shopping for apparel and beauty products. Events may grow in importance in years to come, however, as a slightly higher 24% of Generation Z listed them as an important store feature. Across all consumers surveyed, in-store environment ranked as the most important factor while shopping (53%). The survey identified additional key environmental factors that shoppers also value in-store: Mobile Promotions & Sales. Nearly 34% of all respondents ranked receiving promotional and sales information sent directly to their smartphone upon entering the store as important.
Nearly 34% of all respondents ranked receiving promotional and sales information sent directly to their smartphone upon entering the store as important. Mobile Point of Sale. Nearly 30% of respondents said that being able to pay a sales associate from anywhere in the store was important, an indication that digital scanning technologies will play a growing role in retail.
Nearly 30% of respondents said that being able to pay a sales associate from anywhere in the store was important, an indication that digital scanning technologies will play a growing role in retail. Social Media. Nearly 70% of Generation Z and 63% of Millennial respondents are turning to social media to share pictures and gather opinions from their friends and family before they buy, particularly in apparel.
Nearly 70% of Generation Z and 63% of Millennial respondents are turning to social media to share pictures and gather opinions from their friends and family before they buy, particularly in apparel. Wi-Fi. Free in-store Wi-Fi was ranked as important by 30% of respondents overall, and the rate was higher among younger generations, who tend to seek opinions from their social networks and share photos via social media when they shop.
Free in-store Wi-Fi was ranked as important by 30% of respondents overall, and the rate was higher among younger generations, who tend to seek opinions from their social networks and share photos via social media when they shop. In-Store Apps. About 29% of overall respondents ranked in-store apps that would provide personal recommendations as an important store feature, versus only 17% who ranked sales associates that would help you choose as important.
About 29% of overall respondents ranked in-store apps that would provide personal recommendations as an important store feature, versus only 17% who ranked sales associates that would help you choose as important. Reserve online, Pickup in-Store. Being able to reserve apparel online, and try it on in-store before purchasing was ranked as important for 42% of Millennials, and 38% for Generation Z. Notes on Survey Methodology and Analysis HRC Retail Advisory's survey was conducted online February 20 - March 7, 2018. The total sample size was 2,903 U.S. and Canadian consumers ages 10-73 (with those ages 10-17 recruited to participate through their parents). About HRC Retail Advisory HRC Retail Advisory is a leading strategic retail advisory firm based in Northbrook, IL, that helps retailers unlock value across key operating functions, including helping them develop efficient cost infrastructures to transform their businesses, enhance their merchandise strategy, optimize their margins and inventory, merchandise planning and allocation and transforming store operations structures, processes and tools to most profitably serve the omnichannel consumer. For more information, visit www.HRCadvisory.com. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319005643/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
5:51
Wells Fargo CEO grilled by lawmakers on whether or not bank will use forced arbitration in the future
There's more evidence linking infections during pregnancy with a child's risk of autism.
The new report, out Tuesday, shows that women who had infections while pregnant were more likely to have children with autism.
The more fevers they had, the higher the risk — and the second trimester of pregnancy seemed to be an especially important time. Women who had fevers in the second trimester of pregnancy were 40 percent more likely to have a child with autism.
Related: Brain Study Suggests Autism Starts Before Birth
The findings, published in the journal Molecular Psychiatry, support the theory that it might be the body's response to an infection rather than a bacteria or virus that's damaging the developing baby's brain.
“Risks increased markedly and dose dependently with fever frequency, with particularly strong effects after 12 weeks' gestation,” Dr. Mady Hornig of Columbia University and colleagues wrote in their report.
Women who took acetaminophen to lower their fevers were less likely to have a child later diagnosed with autism, although it's too early to say whether the acetaminophen — the active ingredient in Tylenol — lowered the risk. None of the women who took ibuprofen had children with autism but so few women took ibuprofen that it's hard to say what the effect was, the researchers noted.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Study: Brain Scans Could Predict Autism in Babies Who Have Autistic Older Siblings 1:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“This study, using a large, well-characterized sample, confirms the association between fever and risk for autism spectrum disorder,” said Thomas Frazier, chief science officer for Autism Speaks, who was not involved in the study.
“The research also clarifies that the relationship is strongest in the second trimester. Interestingly, the strength of the relationship increases substantially with three or more maternal fevers, and anti-fever medications like acetaminophen may reduce the risk of autism.”
Related: More Studies Show Vaccines Do Not Cause Autism
Columbia's Dr. Ian Lipkin believes it may be the fever or some other aspect of the body's inflammatory response to an infection that may be damaging the brain of the fetus. Lipkin, who took part in the study, also worked on research published earlier this year linking herpes infections with autism.
Viruses can infect and damage a developing baby's brain — Zika is the most notorious now, but rubella and cytomegalovirus can also cause severe birth defects.
“The research also clarifies that the relationship is strongest in the second trimester.”
Lipkin believes that with autism, however, it's the mother's immune response that's causing the damage. It may be that inflammatory chemicals such as cytokines are crossing the placenta and affecting the developing brain of the fetus, they said.
Surveys by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention find that as many as than 2 percent of U.S. kids have been diagnosed with autism — anywhere between 1 in 68 and 1 in 45 children.
The autism spectrum refers to a broad range of symptoms, from the relatively mild social awkwardness of Asperger's syndrome to profound mental retardation, debilitating repetitive behaviors and an inability to communicate.
There's no cure and no good treatment.
There are genetic links. If one twin has autism, the other twin is very likely to. There's also growing evidence that infections in pregnancy might play a role.
A 2013 study found that women who had the flu while they were pregnant were twice as likely to have a child later diagnosed with autism. Those who had a fever lasting a week or longer — perhaps caused by flu or maybe by something else — were three times as likely to have an autistic child.
Related: Flu, Fever in Pregnancy Linked With Autism
In the study discussed Tuesday, the Columbia team used a survey of 95,000 children born in Norway. The mothers were followed in real time during their pregnancies and all infection and fevers were documented. Then the children were followed up to see which ones developed autism.
“Maternal exposure to second-trimester fever was associated with increased autism spectrum disorder risk,” the team wrote.
That doesn't mean women should panic if they get a fever during pregnancy. It's common for women to have some sort of fever while pregnant — at least 20 percent of pregnant women in the U.S. have fevers at some point.
Nike is out of the hard goods business, but the company still has plenty of sway in the golf world when it comes to apparel.
With Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy already under wraps, Nike announced Sunday that world No. 1 Jason Day will be the latest elite golfer to sport its swoosh on their hats, clothes and shoes.
And the man who helped build the Nike Golf brand is now welcoming Day to the "Nike Golf Club."
Welcome to the Nike Golf Club @JDayGolf. - TW https://t.co/CyPjgtm1ao — Tiger Woods (@TigerWoods) January 2, 2017
Woods and Day have developed a friendship in recent years, with the former world No. 1 serving as a mentor to current world No. 1.
Day will start their 2017 campaign on Thursday at the SBS Tournament of Champions in Hawaii.
Two earthquakes have struck in the area of northern Oklahoma that was rattled last year by the largest earthquake in state history.
The U.S. Geological Survey says the back-to-back earthquakes hit Monday morning near Pawnee, about 75 miles northeast of Oklahoma City. The USGS says the quakes had magnitudes of 3.2 and 3.3 and there are no reports of injuries or damage.
In September, a 5.8 magnitude earthquake struck Pawnee and caused widespread property damage. Scientists have linked Oklahoma's recent spate of earthquakes to oil and gas production, and state regulators have issued new regulations on the practice of injecting wastewater into underground disposal wells.
ALLEN COUNTY, KY (WAVE) - A man considered "armed and dangerous" by authorities in southern Kentucky has been captured.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
News & Weather Apps
The Allen County Sheriff's Office on Monday night posted on Facebook a photo of Christopher Michael Robinson, who is said to be a known drug user. It's not clear why investigators were looking for him.
Allen County is just above the Tennessee border and southeast of Bowling Green.
Authorities did not disclose where Robinson was found. Charges are pending.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Man accused in Facebook video killing says they 'just snapped'
+ Ransomware: The computer threat you need to worry about
+ Man accused of trying to kill officer held on $100,000 bond
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
At the Drive- In's new video for “Call Broken Arrow” is a bit of a strange one, unfolding in an apocalyptic stop-motion doll world also populated by humanoid spider creatures. The song comes from the band's recent album in•ter a•li•a. Watch below.
A man has died following a serious assault in Bath.
Police were called to a disturbance in the Sedgemoor Road area of the city on Sunday at about 16:30 BST.
Two men had been assaulted and one was confirmed dead at the scene. The other man has injuries which are not thought to be life threatening.
Avon and Somerset Police is appealing for witnesses to contact them and has cordoned off the area to allow a detailed examination to be carried out.
The parents of a 2-week-old child were arrested after the baby was found with at least 100 rat bites. Columbia County Sheriff's Office
TORONTO — Leonard Cohen's final book, which they finished in the months before their death last November, will hit shelves next year.
McClelland and Stewart says it will release “The Flame” on Oct. 16, 2018.
The publishing house describes the book as “a stunning collection of Cohen's last poems, selected and ordered by the author in the final months of their life.”
The book also has excerpts from their notebooks as well as the full lyrics to their final three albums and those written by Cohen for the album “Blue Alert” by their collaborator Anjani.
Readers will also get to see prose pieces and illustrations by the Montreal-born “Hallelujah” singer-songwriter, who died Nov. 7 at age 82.
McClelland and Stewart calls the book “an enormously powerful final chapter in Cohen's storied literary career.”
“During the final months of their life, Leonard had a singular focus — completing this book taken largely from their unpublished poems and selections from their notebooks,” Robert Kory, Cohen's manager and trustee of the Cohen estate, said Friday in a statement.
“The flame and how our culture threatened its extinction was a central concern. Though in declining health, Leonard died unexpectedly.
“Those of us who had the rare privilege of spending time with them during this period recognized that the flame burned bright within them to the very end. This book, finished only days before their death, reveals to all the intensity of their inner fire. ”
McClelland and Stewart publisher Jared Bland said the book is “full of Leonard Cohen's signature combination of grace, humour, wisdom, and heartbreaking insight into the fragility and beauty of this world we all share.”
“It will endure as a testament to their humanity and genius, and delight their millions of fans around the world,” said Bland.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump called hate groups like the Ku Klux Klan “repugnant” on Monday and repudiated their racist ideology.
Their remarks followed widespread criticism for failing to forcibly denounce white supremacists in the immediate aftermath of a violent clash between white nationalists and counter-protesters that left 19 injured and one person dead in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Trump's Updated Response to Charlottesville Attack 3:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear,” Trump said in a brief statement from the White House.
Trump faced backlash for their statement Saturday condemning the violence displayed on “many sides” during the race-fueled protests in Virginia. One woman was killed and 19 injured after an Ohio man allegedly drove their car through a group of counter-demonstrators.
The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the incident, Trump announced.
Earlier int they day, the president blasted the African-American head of Merck & Co. Inc. after the CEO resigned from Trump's American Manufacturing Council because of the White House's response to Charlottesville.
MONTREAL — Defenceman Victor Mete was loaned by the Montreal Canadiens to Canada's national junior team on Monday, a day before its selection camp for the upcoming world championships begins.
Mete will be joining 32 other players at the Meridian Centre in St. Catharines, Ont., on Tuesday. Hockey Canada will narrow its roster of 18 forwards, 11 defencemen and four goaltenders down to 22 players by Friday.
“We've made the decision to allow Victor Mete to join Team Canada's Selection Camp to give them an opportunity to participate in a very beneficial experience for their development,” said Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin. “The World Junior Hockey Championship is a very elite and very competitive tournament, and this can be a very rewarding opportunity for a young player.”
Mete is one of six Canadian junior-eligible players in the NHL this season and the first to be loaned to Canada's junior team. Columbus centre Pierre-Luc Dubois, Arizona defenceman Jakob Chychrun, Philadelphia centre Nolan Patrick and Colorado Avalanche defenceman Samuel Girard and centre Tyson Jost are the other eligible players.
Canada has until Dec. 19 to add any other NHLers to its roster for the world junior championships that begin on Dec. 26 in Buffalo, N.Y.
Mete has four assists and a plus-5 rating in 27 games with the Canadiens this season. The 19-year-old Woodbridge, Ont., native averaged 14:52 of ice time per game. They were a fourth-round pick for Montreal, 100th overall, in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
CAIRO: Egypt's central bank on Wednesday removed limits on international currency transfers, scrapping a $100,000 monthly limit on individual bank transactions in a long-awaited reform intended to lure back badly needed foreign investment.
Egypt put in place strict controls on the movement of foreign currency after its 2011 political uprising in an effort to limit the flight of capital.
As part of a three-year $12 billion International Monetary Fund (IMF) lending program that began late last year, Egypt is obliged to end these controls, which still include a $50,000 per month deposit cap for importers of non-priority goods.
“This decision comes as the central bank continues to take steps in the framework of economic reform which it began to implement last year and in order to strengthen confidence in the Egyptian economy,” a central bank statement said.
“The lifting of controls also contributes to attracting more foreign investment inflows and deposits from Egyptians abroad, given their ability to re-transfer them outside the country without any restrictions,” it said.
The controls were imposed to crush a black market for dollars that had sucked foreign currency out of the formal banking system.
Egypt let its currency float freely in November when it agreed to the IMF program and has seen it halve in value since effectively ending the black market for dollars.
The central bank statement did not comment on the status of the $50,000 deposit cap for some importers.
CAIRO: Egypt's central bank on Wednesday removed limits on international currency transfers, scrapping a $100,000 monthly limit on individual bank transactions in a long-awaited reform intended to lure back badly needed foreign investment.
Egypt put in place strict controls on the movement of foreign currency after its 2011 political uprising in an effort to limit the flight of capital.
As part of a three-year $12 billion International Monetary Fund (IMF) lending program that began late last year, Egypt is obliged to end these controls, which still include a $50,000 per month deposit cap for importers of non-priority goods.
“This decision comes as the central bank continues to take steps in the framework of economic reform which it began to implement last year and in order to strengthen confidence in the Egyptian economy,” a central bank statement said.
“The lifting of controls also contributes to attracting more foreign investment inflows and deposits from Egyptians abroad, given their ability to re-transfer them outside the country without any restrictions,” it said.
The controls were imposed to crush a black market for dollars that had sucked foreign currency out of the formal banking system.
Egypt let its currency float freely in November when it agreed to the IMF program and has seen it halve in value since effectively ending the black market for dollars.
The central bank statement did not comment on the status of the $50,000 deposit cap for some importers.
The most recent NBC News/Wall Street poll shows that a key group of voters may be poised to play a big role in the upcoming election: White women with a college degree.
And they're angry.
White women with a college degree did support Hillary Clinton over Trump in the 2016 election, but only by a six-point margin. According to exit polls, just over half supported Clinton — 51 percent — while 45 percent backed Trump and the remainder chose third party candidates.
But that narrow advantage for the Democratic candidate has grown into a gaping divide heading into the 2018 midterms, according to the latest NBC/WSJ poll.
President Trump's positive favorability rating among college-educated white women, which stood just 32 percent when they were inaugurated, is now down even further to an even more dismal 27 percent, with 53 percent giving them a ‘very negative' score. The Republican Party gets a similarly poor ranking, with just 23 percent within this group of women giving the GOP high marks. (They give Democrats a net positive score, on the other hand — 45 percent positive to 31 percent negative.)
And that ire also appears to be translating into energy against Republicans as the midterms approach.
Among white women with a college degree, Democrats have a 27 point advantage over Republicans on the question of which party they would rather win control of Congress in November.
And unlike some other voter groups like young people or independents, who show a preference for Democrats but don't express high interest in the upcoming elections, this subgroup of women ranks among the highest when it comes to how closely they are watching the midterms. Six-in-ten report that they have high interest in the elections, one of the most pronounced levels of interest for any subgroup surveyed.
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic --Select-- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
On Sunday, Prabu was spotted with MGP President Deepak Dhavalikar during their visit to Shiroda constituency to elicit views of party workers. Prabudesai quit BJP complaining that they were disenchanted with the party and is a strong contender for MGP ticket for Shiroda.Though Deepak dies not make any official announcement as to who the party would field from Shiroda, sources familiar with thinking of the party leadership said that Prabu would be probable MGP candidate for Shiroda.Prabu is the son of former Shiroda MLA Babay Prabu, who was working since a couple of years to contest as an Independent. It is learnt that MGP would be declaring its candidate for Shiroda in the next two days. [H]
SKOPJE, Macedonia — Paleontologists from Bulgaria and Macedonia are excavating the fossilized remains of a prehistoric elephant believed to pre-date the mammoth, after its bones were discovered accidentally by a man working in a field.
Scientists at the Natural Science Museum of Macedonia and the Natural History Museum of Sofia said Tuesday they began excavating the skeleton in Dolni Disan in central Macedonia last Friday. They estimated the animal would have weighed about 10 tons and have been about 50 years old at the time of its death, roughly 8 million years ago during the Miocene epoch.
Biljana Garevska of the Natural Science Museum in Skopje said the fossil was of one of the elephant's ancestors which roamed the region at a time when it was covered by African-like savannah.
Yemen: African Migrants Beaten, Starved, Sexually Violated by Criminal Groups
ROME, Aug 14 2017 (IPS) - African migrants who arrive on Yemen's shores –that's if they are not forced into the sea to drown—risk to fall in the hands of criminal networks who hold them captive for several days to extort money in exchange for their “freedom,” according to UN sources.
During captivity, the migrants are “horribly treated – beaten, starved, sexually violated, chained to the ground” so they are willing to pay, confirmed to IPS Chissey Mueller, from the International Organization for Migration's Mission in Yemen.
The released migrants might go to IOM, or other organisations for help, or they might continue their migratory journey at the risk of being abducted and held captive again, informed Mueller, IOM's Migrants Assistance and Protection Unit in Yemen.
“It truly is a terrible ordeal: crossing the sea is only part of the dangerous journey that the migrants are embarking on,” said Mueller. IOM provides humanitarian assistance, such as medical assistance, food, water, and non-food items, to the most vulnerable migrants.
The smugglers that sail boats between the Horn of Africa profit easily because the distance is short (5 hours or less between Somalia and Shabwa), and the demand is high, said Mueller.
“In addition to the smugglers operating boats, there are smugglers and criminal networks in Yemen who facilitate the movement of migrants between the governorates and into Saudi Arabia.”
And for those who want to return to their home country, the UN specialised body tries to evacuate them by coordinating with the authorities in Yemen and the country of origin for safe passage, they added.
“Dumped” in the Sea
Informing from Aden, Yemen, IOM on 10 August said that up to 180 migrants were reported to have been forced that day from a boat by smugglers off the coast of Yemen. Five bodies had been recovered so far and around 50 were reported missing.
This tragic incident came barely 24 hours after smugglers forced more than 120 Somali and Ethiopian migrants into the sea as they approached the coast of Shabwa, a Yemeni Governorate along the Arabian Sea resulting in the drowning of over 50 migrants. The migrants had been hoping to reach countries in the Gulf region via war-torn Yemen.
According to IOM, a total of 300 migrants have reportedly been forced from boats over the past two days by smugglers off the coast of Yemen – many feared dead or missing. See: Smugglers Throw Hundreds of African Migrants OffBoats Headed to Yemen.
“The survivors told our colleagues on the beach that the smuggler pushed them into the sea when they saw some ‘authority types' near the coast,” said Laurent de Boeck, the IOM Yemen Chief of Mission.
“It truly is a terrible ordeal: crossing the sea is only part of the dangerous journey that the migrants are embarking on”
“They also told us that the smuggler has already returned to Somalia to continue their business and pick up more migrants to bring to Yemen on the same route. This is shocking and inhumane. The suffering of migrants on this migration route is enormous. Too many young people pay smugglers on the false hope of a better future,” de Boeck added.
Migration Between Horn of Africa and Yemen, Not New
Migration of Africans to Yemen is not new. In fact, Mueller said to IPS that the migration trends between the Horn of Africa and Yemen are centuries old, and facilitated by the geographical proximity.
In 2014, there were an estimated 270,000 Somali refugees and several hundred thousand Ethiopian migrants in Yemen, they informed, adding that while the Somalis had sought refuge in Yemen, the Ethiopian migrants for the most part were focused on economic opportunities, either in Yemen or in Saudi Arabia.
‘There are large populations of Somalis along the southern and western coastal villages of Yemen, with significant communities in Aden and in Sana'a. When the conflict engulfed Aden 2015 for three months, there was a mass exodus of the city.”
Somalis fled the area, and many of them headed east towards the Port of Mukallah, and eventually took boats to Somalia, said Mueller. The Ethiopian migrants seemed to head north into Yemen, trying to avoid the conflict hotspots, with the intention of reaching Saudi Arabia.
Several Thousands Stranded in Yemen
Several thousand Ethiopian migrants have subsequently found themselves stranded in Yemen, trapped by the conflict's frontlines, they added.
“Once the conflict in Aden ended by July/August 2015, and began to diminish in the southern part of the country, people – Yemenis and Somalis returned to their communities in Yemen. By the end of 2015, it was thought the Somali refugee community in Yemen still numbered 250,000, according to UNHCR estimates. “
According to Mueller, in 2016, despite the conflict's continuation, but probably because it had begun to concentrate in the Taiz enclave, Hajjah, Sa'adah, etc., the number of Somali refugees and Ethiopian migrants estimated to have come to Yemen was over 117,000, according to the UN Refugee agency UNHCR.
Many More than 2,000 Migrants per Month
“IOM thinks that the trend of Ethiopian migrants coming to Yemen in 2017, most likely to transit through to Saudi Arabia, is still strong.”
For the first six months of 2017, we encountered almost 2,000 migrants per month when our mobile teams would patrol the coastal roads in Lahj and Shabwa, said Mueller, adding that is just two governorates that we cover, and we are just one agency.
“So imagine how many migrants are landing along other parts of Yemen's coastal areas, where we are not present. This is why we think that this year's estimates of new arrivals are similar to last year's trends. “
“Recently, smugglers have been pushing migrants out of the boats, fearing that the security forces might arrest them. This is what happened the past two days in Shabwa,” said Lina Koussa, IOM's Emergency Response Officer in Aden.
Violently Forced into the Sea
Reporting from Aden, Yemen, IOM on 10 August informed that 160 Ethiopian migrants had been violently forced into the sea off Yemen's coast in the morning of that day.
This tragic incident came one day after the presumed death of 50 Ethiopian and Somali migrants during a similar incident, the UN migration organisation informed, adding that as with yesterday (9 August), this tragedy took place off the coast of Shabwa, a Yemeni Governorate along the Arabian Sea – although in a different location and closer to the shore.
Every year, thousands of migrants risk their lives on this life-threatening route towards the Gulf countries through Yemen, a country in crisis. The journey and the situation in Yemen is extremely dangerous for migrants, IOM said.
“The psychological effect these experiences have on children can be enormous. This is why IOM has psychologists embedded in their patrolling teams on Yemen's beaches. The deadly actions of the smugglers today bring the total number of presumed dead over the last two days close to 70. “
IOM is has information on 114 dead or missing in 2017 off the coast of Yemen (Gulf of Aden and in the Red Sea in route to Yemen) and 109 in 2016. “The actual total is likely to be higher.”
TYLER, Texas - James Cavender, the founder of the Cavender's western wear retail chain, has died in East Texas.
Company Chief Financial Officer Jim Thompson says Cavender died Tuesday at East Texas Medical Center in Tyler. They were 87.
Thompson said Wednesday that Cavender, over the past few years, had health issues that left them hospitalized at various times. Thompson did not elaborate.
The company was founded in 1965 in Pittsburg, Texas, where Cavender still lived with their wife, Pat. Thompson says Cavender about 20 years ago turned over day-to-day business operations to their three sons.
The company, now based in Tyler, operates more than 70 stores in Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Colorado, Missouri, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, Kansas and Nebraska.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- An interactive exhibition space titled [stil laif] featuring the creations of Korean artist Choe U-Ram is held in Taichung City from June 3 through Sept. 3, 2017.
The National Taiwan Museum of Fine Arts (NTMoFA) has been developing projects focusing on digital technology as well as interdisciplinary art. In the wake of exploring the concept and development of interdisciplinary art, the NTMoFA has been holding international thematic exhibitions and progressing the exchange between Taiwan's creativity and international thinking.
This time, the NTMoFA invites the Korean artist Choe U-Rom, who recently has been receiving significant attention on the international stage of art, to hold their largest exhibition in Taichung under the theme of [stil laif].
Choe, 47, is a Seoul-based kinetic artist whose mechanical sculptures move freely as defying gravity, filling their surroundings with soft breathe and life as if their existence were as old as the dawn of time.
The special exhibition at the NTMoFA is titled [stil laif] which can be phonetically interpreted as “Steel Life,” “Steal Life,” or even “Still Life.” The artist does not tell the implied meaning of the title while aiming to convey their art to be not only having a singular, fixed meaning but layers of different meanings.
Miami Dolphins Leonte Carroo (88) catches a mid-field pass from QB Matt Moore as New York Jets Darron Lee (58) watches in the third quarter last season. CHARLES TRAINOR JR ctrainor@miamiherald.com
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A former door security boss has launched a wide-ranging attack on town centre policies after statistics showed anti-social behaviour surging.
Mick Lyons, who worked to keep Wigan town centre safe for many years, said those supposed to be in charge at the moment have “lost control.”
It's just sad to see what a mess it is now. They've lost control completely Mick Lyons
Their intervention came after a Wigan Council report showed there were more alcohol-fuelled incidents of anti-social behaviour in the zone where licensing is tightly controlled between April and December 2016 than the entire 12-month period previously.
The figures also show that, despite new pubs, bars, takeaways and off-licenses in the town centre having to jump through draconian hoops to get permission to open, scores of crimes are still happening along with outbreaks of violence.
As a result Mr Lyons is now calling for widespread changes, saying police, politicians, premises owners and security companies all had cases to answer for the decline of order.
They said: “The standards on my side of things and the knowledge on the door is poor, to be honest. These guys now are on the minimum wage, compared to £11 or £12 an hour 15 years ago.
“The managers of the clubs are frightened of getting a black mark so don't tell anybody things. In my day it was transparent, even if it caused problems, and then it was sorted and we moved forwards.
“The police seemed to move out of the town centre a few years ago because there were issues over resources.
“Years ago all-night clubs were for alternative music and people went for that, now you've got pubs just opening randomly with no control over them.
“Wigan used to be third for nightlife behind Manchester and Liverpool.
“Now the night time economy is taking 15 or 20 per cent of what it was 20 years ago, people are spending a fraction of what they used to in pubs and clubs, yet violence has gone up. It doesn't make sense.
“It's just sad to see what a mess it is now. They've lost control completely.”
Mr Lyons said they couldn't see a way the situation would get better, despite the council's attempts to halt town centre disorder.
They said: “I don't know where it's going to go but I can't see it improving.
“To me it all starts with door security, people looking after your premises.
“They can have as many meetings at the town hall as they like but it's not going to go anywhere.”
SAINT-MARS-LA-REORTHE, France — Chris Froome has asked Tour de France fans to let them race in peace, even if they doubt the recent ruling that cleared them of doping allegations.
The British cyclist has been targeted by spectators in the past. During the 2015 Tour, they said a man threw a cup of urine at them while yelling “doper”.
With the latest edition beginning on Saturday, five days after the International Cycling Union finally ruled Froome had won last year's Spanish Vuelta cleanly, the four-time Tour winner offered an alternative way for skeptical fans to show their distrust.
“Support the race in a positive way, don't bring negativity,” they said on Wednesday in western France. “In terms of safety I obviously would encourage fans of the sport to come watch the race, and if you are not necessarily a Chris Froome fan or a Sky fan, come to the race and put a jersey on of another team you do support. That would be my advice.”
A cloud hung over Froome after a urine sample taken during the Vuelta in September showed a concentration of the asthma drug salbutamol that was twice the permitted level.
After months of silence, the UCI said Froome's result did not represent an adverse finding, which could have led them to be stripped of their Vuelta victory, and a suspension.
The UCI's ruling ensured they could compete at the Tour after race organizer ASO had informed Team Sky it would forbid Froome from entering until the doping case was decided.
Their use of asthma medication has been well documented and they often use inhalers during races. World Anti-Doping Agency rules state an athlete can be cleared for excessive salbutamol use if they prove it was due to an appropriate therapeutic dosage.
Froome said they understand it may take time for fans to believe they are not a cheat.
“But that data is available, and I would like to think that as people understand that more, they will understand my decision to keep on racing knowing I have certainly done nothing wrong,” Froome said. “Of course it has been damaging. As it is right now I'm just happy to draw a line in the sand and move on and focus on bike racing.”
UCI president David Lappartient has also issued a call for calm.
“(Froome) has the right to operate in a safe environment. I have heard calls, sometimes completely irrational, to violence on the Tour de France,” Lappartient said. “I cannot accept that and I call on all spectators to protect all the athletes and to respect the judicial decision so that Chris Froome can compete in a safe and serene environment.”
Teammate Geraint Thomas said Froome has shown poise even when fans are at their worst.
“I've always been impressed by the way they are off the bike,” Thomas said. “But the last nine months have been the most impressive, really, how they were able to still perform and train and commit to all that while everything else was going on.”
Thomas, however, said possible run-ins with the public are part of riding down roads lined by people, most of who are there to cheer on the athletes.
“It's not like football — it's not in just a closed stadium when you can check everyone,” they said. “So there is that element of risk so to speak.”
Froome is aiming to join Jacques Anquetil, Eddy Merckx, Bernard Hinault and Miguel Indurain as the only riders to win the Tour five times.
——
More Tour de France coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/TourdeFrance
——
AP Sports Writer Andrew Dampf contributed to this report.
Brad Seely Talks Special Teams
Raiders Special Teams Coordinator Brad Seely met with the media on Wednesday to discuss the Raiders Special Teams unit and the second day of Mini-Camp.
Dorna Communications
It was a teammate tango to remember at Termas de Rio Hondo, as Estrella Galicia 0,0 Marc VDS riders Franco Morbidelli and Alex Marquez disappeared into the distance before some last lap drama saw Marquez highside out on the chase – and now motivation will be even higher for both riders, as one seeks to keep their stranglehold on the standings and the other looks to reload.
Miguel Oliveira was the closest challenger to the two on pace in Argentina, and the Portuguese rider gave the new KTM intermediate class chassis its first podium finish – also their first in Moto2™ - as they hunted the lead duo down. With pace from Qatar confirmed at Termas de Rio Hondo, now the target moves forward again to become a first win for man and machine.
Tom Lüthi (CarXpert Interwetten) called their rostrum finish in Argentina lucky, but the Swiss rider knows consistency is key and has so far had exactly that. That's less true of key rival Takaaki Nakagami (Idemitsu Honda Team Asia) after the Japanese rider suffered a difficult qualifying and then DNF in Argentina, but the season is only just beginning – and there are many kilometers left to run even before the paddock returns to Europe.
Podium!! A good day after a not so easy weekend.#keppworking #12 pic.twitter.com/XKg0S5sSJA — Tom Lüthi (@ThomasLUTHI) April 10, 2017
So with all the 2016 podium finishers at the Circuit of the Americas having moved to MotoGP™, the story in 2017 will certainly have a different ending - what remains to be seen is whether Morbidelli can author another masterclass, or someone else can turn over a new page.
Moto2™ head out of pitlane for FP1 at 10:55am (GMT -5) on Friday.
Moto2 World Championship Classification
1 - Franco Morbidelli (ITA - Kalex) 50 points
2 - Thomas Lüthi (SWI - Kalex) 36 points
3 - Miguel Oliveira (POR - KTM) 33 points
4 - Lorenzo Baldassarri (ITA - Kalex) 21 points
5 - Xavi Vierge (SPA - Tech3) 18 points
Reports of two structure fires on Philippi Pike in East View came in around 9 p.m. Sunday. Multiple fire departments on scene with confirmed entrapment. Anmoore EMS and State Police on scene. Authorities are stopping traffic in the vicinity of the 1300 block of the Philippi Pike in Clarksburg. Please stay well away from the area in order to give authorities room to work. We will keep you advised as information becomes available.
Stay with 12 News for updates on this developing story.
MISSION VALLEY - San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer halted a nearly $600,000 upgrade to the aging Qualcomm Stadium less than 30 minutes after 10News brought the project to their attention.
The 50-year-old venue was in store for an update to its high definition programming technology output. A city spokesperson confirmed this week that the project was still a go, even with the Chargers recent departure to Los Angeles and the mayor openly speaking about tearing down the venue.
The upgrades would have installed new fiber optic cables and conduits for enhanced media coverage, but would also have made stadium-wide Wi-Fi a future possibility. Work was projected to begin in a couple of months and be completed by the end of the year.
"You always have to evaluate what's the right way to move forward," Faulconer told 10News reporter Jon Horn , when they brought the plans to the mayor. "Ever since last week you have to look at everything in terms of how you move forward, what's the right thing to do, not just short term, but for the long term."
About half-an-hour later, Faulconer said they decided to shelve the plans now that the stadium is without a major tenant.
"It's important that we're making the right financial decisions, and I got the information. I'm going to put this on hold," Faulconer said in a second interview. "That's not a good use of dollars to move forward with, particularly as we're planning the future of Qualcomm and the entire site. "It's the right thing to do from a financial standpoint, and it's just common sense." In addition to the money being saved on the upgrades to The Q, the Chargers must pay the city a nearly $12.6 million termination penalty in 2017. That money will be placed in the city's general fund as unrestricted revenue. The mayor and City Council will determine its use during its next budget process.
Kyle Larson (42) passes Martin Truex, Jr. (78) earlier this season to win at Richmond. Both NASCAR Cup Series drivers have enjoyed breakout seasons. Steve Helber AP
The Co-op board of directors resigned following a demand from President Anastasiades. DIKO had also requested the board's resignation earlier.
The resignation was a merely symbolic act since after the bank is absorbed by Hellenic, the board will cease to exist. The main issue still pending in the Co-op's case is the plan for voluntary exit. According to sources from both the government and Co-op, decisions will continue being made by the board normally, always after consultation with the Government until all pending issues are resolved.
After the board's resignation, Opposition parties have demanded the resignation of Finance Minister Harris Georgiades. The Government spokesperson countered that there is no reason to discuss a possible resignation by Georgiades.
According to the report, the DR-7 has four wings and a pair of winglets, while you'll find a fan jet up front and 'round back. The two fans will tilt, much like the Harrier and Osprey, from a horizontal orientation for take off and landing, through to vertical for flight. So far, DeLorean has built a dummy model that measures 30 feet long and 18.5 feet wide, although plans to have it fold down enough to fit in a large garage.
DeLorean intends to realize their dream of creating an autonomous, battery-powered craft with a range of 120 miles. That outrageous range is, they claim, because they plan to cruise at higher altitudes than other flying car projects. DeLorean expects to have a working prototype by the end of next year, and will conduct unmanned test-flights shortly afterward.
What DeLorean, or anyone else for that matter, has failed to explain is how exactly all of this is going to work in practice. For instance, what sort of air traffic control setup will be required to ensure mid-air collisions don't become commonplace? If a car has engine failure on a highway, that's a problem, but what happens if your VTOL craft conks out in a built-up area?
Not that those questions necessarily need to be answered just yet, after all, there's still all the Doc Brown gags to do in the next decade.
Friday, February 2nd, at approximately 11:40 a.m., DeFuniak Springs Police Department along with DeFuniak Springs Fire Department responded to a crash involving a roll-over in front of the Adam's Motel on U.S. Highway 90. Justin Nordmandin, of Ohio, was driving a maroon Dodge SUV when they cut off Pamela Holley of Crestview, Florida, who was driving a gray Ford SUV heading east. The front right of the Ford SUV struck the passenger side door of the Dodge SUV causing it to flip onto its side, resting against the curb. The Pamela Holley and their passenger, in the Ford SUV, were transported by Walton County Fire Rescue to Healthmark Regional Medical Center for evaluation. Justin Nordmandin and their passenger, in the Dodge SUV, received no injuries from the crash. Mr. Nordmandin was driving the Dodge SUV on a suspended Ohio Driver License and had no identification with him. Mr. Nordmandin was arrested and charged with Driving While License Suspended or Revoked. They also received a citation for Failure to Yield Right of Way.
Share This Post
Good news for fans of The Durrells: ITV has announced that the period drama is getting a fourth series, with filming set to begin in Corfu later this year.
Advertisement
Line of Duty actor Keeley Hawes will return as English widow and matriarch Louisa Durrell for a new six-part series, alongside their wayward on-screen kids Lawrence (John O'Connor), Leslie (Callum Woodhouse), Margo (Daisy Watersone) and Gerald (Milo Parker).
Written by Bafta-nominee Simon Nye, the drama is based on the memoirs of conservationist and animal-lover Gerald Durrell about their childhood in the 1930s Corfu.
Greek actor Alexis Georgoulis will also be back as taxi-driver (and love interest) Spiros – although the future of their relationship with “Mrs Durrells” looks uncertain.
The two finally declared their feelings for one another in the dramatic conclusion of series three, but after Spiros's wife returned to them with their children they felt compelled to end their budding relationship.
Will they be able to return to their friendship or will they rekindle the romance? Speaking to RadioTimes.com for the series finale, Nye would only say: “They're still together on the island, and who knows what the future is.”
At the time, Nye said they were keen to make a fourth instalment – but hadn't get been given the go-ahead.
“We're still waiting,” they said. “Obviously the viewing figures have been pretty good, and there's been a lot of love for the show, so I'm hopeful. But we don't assume anything. I was commissioned to write two episodes for the new series a long time ago, so if the call comes…”
The call came.
Sally Woodward Gentle, founder of production company Sid Gentle Films Ltd, said in a statement: “We couldn't be more delighted to be making more of The Durrells with our exceptional team and on the magical island of Corfu – it is a dream come true.”
Advertisement
ITV's Senior Drama Commissioner Victoria Fea added: “The Durrells has proven immensely popular with viewers and critics alike, so we're thrilled to have commissioned another series. Simon Nye's writing is witty, big-hearted and hugely engaging, so we're looking forward to seeing what the fourth series has in store.”
The boot season officially began. Besides classic styles, this fall you need booties that will make a statement. The metallic colored pieces are among the biggest fall trends. Many designers presented collections full of metallic designs back in February. The sterling silver hue dominated in many fall collections. Besides clothing pieces, we could spot mesmerizing footwear in metallic colors. Since the boot season started, now is the perfect time to involve some metallic booties into your fall outfits. There are numberless ways to flaunt chic metallic booties this fall.
The metallic boots are very versatile. Some statement boots may be hard to combine with many outfits. But the metallic boots will blend seamlessly with most of your fall looks. Printed boots or boots in vibrant colors will most certainly spice up your outfit. Anyway, if you are looking for wearable boots that will add life to your outfit, the metallic boots are the best option.
The metallic boots can instantly upgrade a simple look. These boots look cool with both sporty and elegant outfits. If you are following the latest trends, pair a tracksuit with metallic boots in athleisure style. The same boots would go with a chic dress for a night out. For a bolder statement get high metallic boots. You can add life to your business attire with a pair of high metallic boots. Don't hesitate to wear this boot style for both day and night looks.
There are many color options. However, metallic silver and golden boots are among the most common choices. If you are a girly girl, Barbie pink metallic boots will be a great addition to your wardrobe.
Take a look at these chic outfits that feature metallic boots and get inspired how to make a statement with your booties.
PROVO, Utah — Alexander Mattison ran for a career-high 118 yards and two touchdowns, Brett Rypien threw their first TD pass of the season and Boise State beat BYU 24-7 on Friday night.
Boise State scored 17 straight points in the second quarter to take a 10-point lead into halftime.
Mattison took a direct snap in a wildcat formation and ran it in from the 12 to tie it at 7 in the second quarter. After Kekoa Nawahine intercepted BYU's pass and returned it 51 yards to the Cougars 22, Boise State settled for a short field goal and a 10-7 lead.
Boise State took a two-score lead with 36 seconds left in the half on Sean Modster's first career touchdown catch. Mattison scored the only points of the second half on a 2-yard run early in the fourth to cap an 82-yard drive.
Rypien completed 12 of 19 passes for 125 yards and one touchdown for Boise State (3-2).
Tanner Mangum was 18-of-33 passing for 164 yards and two interceptions for BYU (1-5), which lost its fifth straight for the first time since 1970. Ula Tolutau opened the scoring in the first quarter with a 3-yard touchdown.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption The fate of the African migrants has become hugely contentious
Israel has scrapped a plan to forcibly deport tens of thousands of illegal African migrants.
In a written response to the country's Supreme Court, the government said forced removal of the migrants "is no longer on the agenda".
However, Israel's immigration authorities are still seeking ways to deport migrants voluntarily, it said.
The fate of Israel's roughly 30,000 illegal African migrants has become a hugely contentious issue.
The supreme court previously suspended a plan to expel the migrants - mostly from Eritrea and Sudan - unless they voluntarily accepted a cash lump sum and a plane ticket out of the country.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu then cancelled a UN deal to resettle the migrants in Western nations.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has drawn condemnation at home and abroad over the issue
Under the deal, Israel would give "temporary residence" to a migrant in Israel for each migrant resettled abroad.
On Monday, 18 Democratic members of the US House of Representatives reportedly wrote to Mr Netanyahu saying they were "dismayed" and "disappointed" that they had dropped the UN proposal, saying it left the migrants "in limbo, with no clear next step".
Where are the migrants from?
Most of the African migrants in Israel are from Eritrea - a one-party state whose leaders have been accused of crimes against humanity by a UN inquiry - and war-torn Sudan.
They say they fled danger at home and that it is not safe to return to another African country, but Israel considers the majority of African asylum seekers to be economic migrants.
Most of them entered from Egypt several years ago, before a new fence was built along the desert border. This has ended most illegal crossings.
Image copyright EPA Image caption African migrants at a detention facility in southern Israel
How controversial is this issue?
A decision in January to offer the migrants a cash lump-sum and a plane ticket to leave Israel voluntarily or otherwise face forced expulsion has been criticised in Israel.
Some critics in the country and among the Jewish community abroad - including former ambassadors and Holocaust survivors - said the plan was unethical and a stain on Israel's international image. The UN refugee agency said it violated local and international laws, and large protests were held in Israel.
Mr Netanyahu said the opposition was "baseless and absurd" and that Israel would resettle "genuine refugees".
Activists, however, noted that only a handful of Eritreans and Sudanese had been recognised as refugees by Israel since the country took over the processing of applications from the UN in 2009.
A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Federal prosecutors sorting through materials seized from Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump's personal attorney, said Wednesday they needed more time to piece together the contents of a shredder taken in an FBI raid.
At a court hearing in New York, prosecutors told U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood that they'd turned over most of the materials seized during the April 9 raids of Cohen's office and Park Avenue hotel room to Cohen's legal team, with the exception of two BlackBerry devices and the shredded documents.
Prosecutors explained, however, that they would need two to three more weeks to finish reconstructing what was in the shredder, and that they were still attempting to access the BlackBerry devices.
Michael Cohen sits during a hearing in federal court in New York on May 30, 2018. Christine Cornell
Wood set a June 15 deadline on Wednesday for Cohen's lawyers to review everything the government had already provided and make attorney-client privilege claims before submitting those claims to special master Barbara Jones. Jones was appointed by Wood to rule on what documents qualify for attorney-client privilege.
The FBI seized eight boxes of documents, four phones, one iPad and several hard drives and storage devices during the April raids, seeking information about a $130,000 payment the lawyer made to porn star Stormy Daniels shortly before the 2016 election.
According to one of Cohen's lawyers, Todd Harrison, prosecutors have already turned over 3.7 million items to Cohen's team. Cohen's team, Harrison said, had reviewed 1.3 million of those items.
Wood added Wednesday that if the June 15 deadline was not met, they would send the remainder of the unreviewed materials to a separate team of prosecutors, known as a "taint team," who would then deem what is privileged and what isn't.
Harrison told the judge that their team was "moving heaven and earth" and working nearly around the clock to review the materials that the government has turned over.
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make "promposal"
At age 17, Romola Garai was given the opportunity to star in the 2004 sequel of the classic 1987 film “Dirty Dancing.” However, the British actor doesn't have fond memories of their time on set.
The now 34-year-old told The Guardian how a female producer pointed at their thighs while they stood in their underwear and declared “This isn't good enough.”
Garai even described how they were “weighed in and out every day with a dietician flown to Puerto Rico” to ensure they stayed “underweight” for the leading role in “Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights.”
[embedded content]
KATE BECKINSALE CLAIMS MICHAEL BAY BODY-SHAMED Them
“It screwed me up for years,” explained Garai to the UK-based publication. “Not only did it completely changed how I felt about my body, but I felt like I'd failed because I hadn't fought back. I felt complicit, because I didn't say no. I signed off on Photoshopped images and felt terrible for perpetrating this… lie.”
“Someone said the only thing that was convincing in the whole film was the look of pure misery in my eyes,” they added. Garai described the experience as their “feminist epiphany.”
While Garai did pursue modeling as a teenager, they insisted that no one ever told them to lose weight until they took on the role of Katey Miller opposite Mexican star Diego Luna as Javier Suarez.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
“It's different with film, because it's not about the weight, it's about control,” they said. “It's an industry with a clear agenda of ensuring women's relationships with their reflection on screen make them feel inadequate. I never went back to Hollywood again.”
Garai did eventually pursue acting again after they studied at university. They described still being told to change by producers, except this time it has nothing to do with the scale.
“I've had sporadic acne in my life and have extraordinary conversations with them about how I can't have spots on screen, telling me about the drugs I should take,” they added. “There's this idea that in order to propagate visions women aspire to, you have to make other women feel bad.”
Garai also mentioned how they were told to behave towards their male co-stars.
“OK, I've had a female director say to me that the male actor is really challenged by aggressive women, so I have to be delicate with the way I speak to him,” they said. “I said: ‘I can't tell you how hard that will be for me. I am not that kind of person.' There are hundreds of misogynistic directors, but an equal number who are not. It's a mistake to make it a gender split. That's not helped the cause.”
New organ transport devices could as much as double or triple the number of successful transplant procedures.
A lot has changed in medicine since the first human organ — a kidney — was successfully transplanted into another human in 1954. But one part of the transplant process that hasn't changed much since then is how the organ is delivered from donor to recipient. Basically, organs still travel via cooler.
An organ is first removed from the donor and flushed with a salty preservative solution. It's then put on ice and sent to a hospital where the recipient is waiting.
“The technology that's currently widely in use has really been in place for close to 50 years now,” says Dr. David Klassen, chief medical officer of the United Network for Organ Sharing, the private non-profit that manages the organ transplant system in the United States.
But that standard is about to change. New devices make it possible to keep donor organs in a functioning state at body temperature while they're being transported.
The devices can monitor an organ's health more closely before it's transplanted, which means doctors can better predict whether an organ will function properly in its new host. The device uses a technology called ex vivo warm perfusion that allows donated organs to stay outside of a human body for longer periods of time, so they can be sent farther distances to waiting recipients.
“The time constraints imposed by organ preservation are a fundamental limitation in the current organ allocation system,” Klassen says.
Related: Self-Driving Cars Will Create an Organ Shortage — Can Science Meet the Demand?
Organs start to deteriorate as soon as they're removed — so when they're shipped cold, after a certain amount of time they are no longer viable. Kidneys can last up to 36 hours on ice, but hearts and lungs can only be kept out of the body for about four to six hours.
“You typically cannot send a heart from Los Angeles to New York,” Klassen says.
Warm perfusion will allow for significantly more donated organs to be delivered in time for a transplant, they explain. “The system will be more successful, fair, and efficient.”
The devices are already being used in Europe, Canada, Australia, and elsewhere for kidney, heart, lung, and liver transplants. And TransMedics' Organ Care System for lung transplants — the first device of this kind — is currently up for FDA approval in the U.S.
Beating Heart in a Box
The Organ Care System — the so-called “beating heart in a box” — works by pumping a donor organ with warm, oxygenated, and nutrient-enriched blood. The carbon fiber system is about waist-high and the whole thing sits on a four-wheeled cart for easy transport. It's equipped with an oxygen tank, supply of blood, batteries, and special electric and mechanical equipment to monitor the organ, as well as a sterile plastic box that houses the donor organ during delivery, keeping it at the right temperature and humidity levels.
The Organ Care System has a blood supply that keeps the organ viable during transport. TransMedics, Inc.
“The organ believes that it's still in the body,” says Dr. Waleed Hassanein, president and CEO of TransMedics, the Andover, Mass.-based medical device company that's developing the system. “The heart is beating. The lung is breathing. The liver is making bile. The kidneys are making urine.”
Because the organs are functioning during transport, doctors can monitor the organs — and in some cases make them healthier, Hassanein adds. Antibiotics can be delivered to an organ to prevent or treat an infection. Clinicians can inflate sections of a donor lung that have collapsed.
In the future it may be possible to apply new fields of research, such as gene therapy or regenerative medicine, to actually improve organs before a transplant, Hassanein says. “It opens up a huge area of scientific and clinical innovation.”
The Technology is Here
More than 815 successful human organ transplants have been performed using TransMedics perfusion devices so far in other countries. And the company is currently sponsoring five U.S. clinical trials for its devices and is developing a perfusion device for kidney transplants.
The heart is beating. The lung is breathing. The liver is making bile. The kidneys are making urine.
Several international companies, including OrganOx, XVIVO Perfusion, and Organ Assist are making warm organ storage devices abroad. Here in the U.S., Lung Bioengineering in Silver Spring, Md. is developing similar devices. And Revai, a New Haven, Conn.- based company founded by scientists from Yale University's School of Medicine and School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, is using warm perfusion technology to develop a transport device for small intestines.
“We're seeing this technology transform the entire field as we speak,” Hassanein says. There's not enough data yet to quantify exactly how many more organs these devices will help be transplanted in the near future, but Hassanein suspects it could as much as double or triple the number of successful procedures.
Related: The Quest to Create Artificial Blood May Soon Be Over
UNOS is currently strategizing how to incorporate warm perfusion into its organ allocation systems, Klassen says. The devices that use it are expensive and it will take some time for them to be rolled out, but Klassen expects these devices to be used extensively within the next few years. It's the patients on organ transplant waiting lists that will benefit in big and noticeable ways, they adds
“The new devices will allow more organs to be transplanted into recipients who currently often wait many years before receiving a transplant (and some who never do),” Klassen says. “And it's going to allow [transplanted organs] to function better and for longer periods of time.”
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Marcia Love
Whitecourt Star
Grab a camera and show the world what Alberta's forest industry means to you.
The Alberta Forest Alliance (AFA) is seeking help from the next generation of filmmakers in producing a promotional video on the forest industry.
It's calling on youth in grades 6 to 10 with a keen interest in video production to create a piece showcasing the positive impact the forest industry has on their lives, community and province.
The winning three videos will be used in AFA presentations and on its website, with the first place winner receiving an iPad Pro, second place receiving an iPad Mini, and third place receiving an iPod.
Videos must be 9.5 to 10 minutes in length. They will be judged on professionalism, creativity, factual information, and how well the overall presentation is.
Ray Hilts, executive director of AFA, emphasized the importance of forestry to rural communities and said the contest is a way of highlighting that.
“Our youth live and work in these same communities, and our leadership team decided it would be nice to hear from our young people in terms of the importance of forestry through their lens,” they said.
They hope the entries will help tell the compelling story of the forest industry as seen by young people.
The deadline for entries is Dec. 31. Entries can be copied onto a DVD or USB drive and mailed to:
Alberta Forest Alliance
Box 10046 River Valley PO
Whitecourt, Alberta
T7S 1W8
For more information on the contest and rules, visit albertaforestalliance.ca/afa-youth-video-contest
Everything you need to know about BBC2's French historical romp
Back for its reputedly final ever series, BBC2's sweeping historical romp Versailles returns, with further intrigue and sumptuous costumes (and hairstyles) for viewers to enjoy.
Advertisement
Here's everything you need to know about Versailles series three.
What time is Versailles on TV?
Versailles is on Mondays at 9pm on BBC2
Is this the final season of Versailles?
Supposedly, yes. The show's star Alexander Vlahos has confirmed that Versailles has been cancelled. Vlahos, who plays Philippe D'Orleans in the raunchy BBC2 drama, referred to the show's “final season” on Twitter.
I'm just going to leave this here… #Versailles THE FINAL SEASON ♥️ pic.twitter.com/nwp7d9sdoR — Alexander Vlahos (@vlavla) March 14, 2018
What's the third series of Versailles about?
The show centres around the French monarchy during the reign of ‘Sun King' Louis XIV (played in the drama by George Blagden). In the third season, the king's brother Philippe returns to court with the spoils of war: the vanquished Emperor Leopold, no less.
In this season we finally see the completion of the palace of Versailles, with the impressive Hall of Mirrors. However, outside the palace, peasants are revolting, and the king struggles to resolve the dispute.
The third series also sees the introduction of Matthew McNulty (The Musketeers, Misfits) to the cast, as a soldier and member of a family of Parisian cobblers (all boasting, inexplicably, a broad Yorkshire accent).
Advertisement
Is there a trailer for Versailles season 3?
Yes, you can watch it below.
Image copyright Getty Images
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt will not face any sanctions after apologising twice for the late reporting of their interest in a property company.
Parliamentary standards commissioner Kathryn Stone ruled that although Mr Hunt had breached the MP's code of conduct, their offence was "at the less serious end of the spectrum".
The MP took "full responsibility" for their misinterpretation of the rules.
They decided against referring them to the Commons Committee on Standards.
Them inquiry followed a complaint by Labour MP John Trickett.
Mr Hunt was criticised in April for failing to record their involvement in Mare Pond Properties in the MPs' register of interests within a 28-day time limit.
The Conservative cabinet minister apologised at the time and then did so again in person after admitting to Ms Stone they were a day late in registering the company's purchase of seven luxury flats in Southampton.
According to their report, Mr Hunt said Mare Pond was initially "a shell company with no assets or value".
While declaring their involvement to their department and the Cabinet Office, they wrongly believed it was not necessary to register their interest until it became operational with the purchase of the flats.
In a letter to Mr Trickett, Ms Stone said: "I consider Mr Hunt's acknowledgement of their breach of paragraph 13 of the code and their apology to be an appropriate outcome. This matter is now closed."
Share
When surgeons are trained to perform a procedure, the old rule of thumb is “watch one, do one, teach one.” It's a pretty unforgiving learning curve, which requires a big leap on the part of the trainee surgeon, and isn't wholly reassuring to patients, either. I'm about to perform a sleeve gastrectomy, a weight-loss procedure in which the size of the stomach is reduced to a fraction (around 15 percent) of its original size. The problem is that I've never watched one. I'm diving straight into the “doing” part. Fortunately, that is not quite such an issue since the sleeve gastrectomy operation is a training simulation taking place in virtual reality.
It's part of a new haptic VR system created by the London-based company Fundamental VR, demonstrated over the weekend as part of the Global Education and Skills Conference in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Officially launching later this year, the tech uses cutting-edge haptic and VR technology to train the next generation of lifesaving surgeons. Or, in this case, a Digital Trends journalist.
Fundamental's “Fundamental Surgery” employs off-the-shelf hardware and software that will run on most modern computers. In the case of this demo, that translated to an Acer Windows Mixed Reality VR headset and touch controller built by the company 3D Systems, which uses three motors to provide resistance. With this technology, the team has then built multiple training scenarios which replicate not just the visuals of an operating theater setup, but also the physical sensations that go along with the operation.
For the sleeve gastrectomy demo, this means that as you lift the stomach and start to cut away at it, you feel both its weight and the force of the cutting action. As Fundamental CEO and co-founder Richard Vincent told Digital Trends, it allows trainee surgeons to feel what they're doing — and to do it over if they are struggling.
“If there's a part of the operation you have difficulty with, you can repeat that step again and again and again,” Vincent said. “It means you could practice an operation 500 times if you wanted. There's just no other way to do that. A person will typically make consultant based on 40 procedures.”
Vincent said that the technology is currently being targeted at both industry and also training hospitals. It has already racked up some big-name support from places like the Mayo Clinic, Duke University, Stanford University, and others in the U.S., as well as Guy's Hospital, King's College Hospital and more in the U.K.
Let's hope it works well as a training tool; there is even a chance the surgeon who will operate on you in the future will have trained with it.
By JENNIFER SINCO KELLEHERAssociated Press
HONOLULU (AP) - A Hawaii man accused of killing their mother months ago stuffed their dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the kitchen freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared, according to court documents made public Monday.
Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Liu Yun Gong.
They called 911 on April 11 and said: "'I killed my Mom,'" according to a detective's affidavit supporting an arrest warrant. When officers arrived and could not find the woman, Gong told them they were "in the fridge," the complaint said.
An officer found what appeared to be body parts.
"Another covered object in the freezer felt to a different officer like a human leg and foot," the complaint said.
Yu Wei Gong didn't speak or enter a plea during a brief court appearance Monday. Deputy Public Defender Diamond Grace requested a Mandarin interpreter for their preliminary hearing, scheduled for Wednesday. They remained in custody with bail set at $2 million.
Grace didn't immediately return a phone message seeking comment after the hearing.
Authorities say Yu Wei Gong told officers that they accidentally killed their mother in September after they became angry when the 26-year-old said they wanted to work instead of going to school.
Deputy Medical Examiner Dr. Rachel Lange determined Liu Yun Gong had suffered blunt force injuries to the head, the complaint said. Them identity was confirmed by comparing fingerprints to those on file under their Hawaii driver's license.
The manager of the apartment building where they lived told police they had not seen the man's mother since before Christmas, the complaint said.
It said Liu Yun Gong did not show up for work on Aug. 21, 2016. When a supervisor called their phone, it went unanswered. Yu Wei Gong called the supervisor the next day, saying their mother was on another Hawaiian island and had left their phone at home.
Three women watched the hearing and said outside court they wanted to support Gong spiritually because they had attended their church.
Gong and their mother, who they knew by different names, attended Waipahu United Church of Christ, said former pastor Norma Desaegher.
"He has nobody. No family as far as we can tell," they said, adding that it's been several years since they last saw him. "We wanted to give them that spiritual support."
Gong moved to Hawaii from China when they were 19, after their mother married an active church parishioner they met online, the women said. Mother and son stopped going to church after the man died in 2014.
The women said Gong took English classes at the church and moved with their mother and step-father to Waikiki so they could pursue a massage business.
"We just wanted people to know they were a good family" Desaegher said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
A licensed massage therapist accused of inappropriately kissing a female client has been hit with an emergency restriction order by the Florida Department of Health. Miami Herald File
There is an old Zen saying, "Wherever you go, there you are." A modern, less Zen variation on this may be, "Whatever you apply for, there's your credit score." In so many situations, that finicky three-digit number is used to judge us; if it's subpar or non-extant, we may have to pay more, or see our way out the door.
However, not having credit can be worse than having a low credit score.
"If someone doesn't have a credit score, they can't show they've been responsible with their credit and bills. Lenders may be nervous and decline applications because there's no history for them to analyze," Bethy Hardeman, chief consumer advocate at Credit Karma, told NBC News.
And it's not just buying a home or purchasing a car that is adversely affected by poor credit.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Why You Could Soon See Your Credit Score Go Up 1:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Credit Affects More Than You May Know
A new report by WalletHub found that people with no credit pay 65 percent more for car insurance than people with excellent credit, on average.
“Many consumers probably don't realize their credit score is being used at all when they're applying for car insurance,” said WalletHub's Jill Gonzalez.
Alaina Leary, a 24-year-old based in Boston, Massachusetts, is one such consumer. Leary's credit was slashed as a result of identity theft, and while they knew this would affect their chances at getting a loan for a car (at the dealership, they provided proof of regular income, copies of their savings and checking account, and receipts of bills paid on time), they didn't know the dismal score would drive up the price of their car insurance policy.
"I have a shorter driving history than most people my age, so I assumed the cost was inflated due to that," said Leary.
It may be a shocker for some, but it's actually nothing new for car insurance companies.
“Credit has been used for at least 17 years and has been proven to be an effective tool by insurance companies to predict risk of claims,” said John Espenschied, agency owner and manager of Insurance Brokers Group. “The thought process is simple: Responsible people are more conscientious about their credit and tend to be more thoughtful about filing small claims, and are more cautious drivers.”
This kind of thinking — that good credit reflects a responsible adult — is one that all kinds of companies embrace, including, quite possibly, your prospective employer.
A 2016 Career Builder study found that 29 percent of companies ran a credit check on potential hires.
Not having credit can be worse than having a low credit score iStockphoto / Getty Images
“In most cases, employers can't actually check your credit score, but checking an individual's credit report actually give them far more information about the individual such as public records like bankruptcies and tax liens, balances and payment history on loans, like mortgages and student loans, even things like medical bills,” said Ian Atkins, financial analyst at Fit Small Business, adding that employers have to get written permission in order to do a credit check and must also advise if a credit check will lead to not getting the job or a promotion. “To date, 11 states have passed laws to limit a potential employer's ability to check your credit, but even the strictest of those laws have exemptions.”
What's The New Grad to Do? Pay Them Rent.
It can all feel horribly daunting — not just for those working to build their credit back up, but to those who haven't yet established a credit history. Credit isn't easy to form because credit card companies, like any other lenders, don't want to trust someone with no history. Most commonly, a parent will bring you on as an authorized user to give you a foundation. Or, you'll pay a bank a refundable security deposit (usually a minimum of $200) for a secured credit card.
But alternative methods have emerged and are gaining steam as practical ways to launch or rehabilitate a credit score. One way? Paying your rent — and proving that you do it in full and on time.
Companies like Rental Kharma, RentTrack, and Credit Rent Boost work with consumers who are either trying to create or improve credit by reporting their rent history to a credit bureau.
"We report monthly rent payments and validate it through the landlord," said Sarah Roberts, partner, Credit Rent Boost. “For 12 months at the same residence, we charge $35; if a property manager signs up their entire complex, we give everyone the current year free of charge.”
Roberts added that Credit Rent Boost can report up to two full previous years of rent paying, which “boosts credit scores by an average of 35 points, and have helped [scores grow by] over 100 points.”
A Nest Egg That Builds Your Credit
Another way to build your credit is to set up an account with a company like Self Lender, which is like a "savings plan that builds credit,” said James Garvey, co-founder and CEO of Self Lender.
The process entailed with Self Lender is similar to setting up a secured credit card line with a bank, but requires less money up front: a $12 deposit to set it up, and then monthly payments of $48.50 for one year, Garvey explained. You can't touch the money while you're depositing it, but at the end of the year, $550 plus 55 cents in earned interest (hey, that's enough to buy a postage stamp) is yours, and you've established credit history with all three credit bureaus.
Garvey says that on average, customers who started from scratch build a credit score of 650 using Self Lender — if they make all their payments in full and on time.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed This Is the System Keeping Your Credit Cards Safe 2:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Stay on Top of It
Keep in mind that companies like Credit Rent Boost or Self Lender report not only the good but also the bad: if you're late with rent while using Credit Rent Boost, or if you miss a monthly payment with Self Lender — your delinquencies will be reported, and it won't be pretty.
“If you don't pay you will still establish a credit history — just not the kind you want,” said Garvey.
And of course, while these businesses can help you build up credit — it's up to you to keep your score above cruising altitude. Not only should you make all payments on time, you should look at bringing down interest rates.
Related: Free Credit Score? Not So Fast
“Once you have a high enough credit score (700+) and a decent income, you can refinance your loans to a lower interest rate,” said Brandon Yahn, CEO and founder of Student Loans Guy. “If your income isn't high enough to meet your monthly payment amount, you can go on an income-driven repayment plan for your federal loans.”
You should also check not only your credit score regularly, but read through your credit report at least once a year.
“Under federal law, you are entitled to view your credit report every 12 months from each credit bureau (Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax),” said Zack Friedman, founder and CEO of Make Lemonade. “Since each credit bureau may have different information about your credit history, your credit score may vary across the three lenders.”
Related: Why Your Credit Score May Have Just Gone Up
Also worth noting: It's essential to remain wary of companies that promise to clean up your credit files and boost your score. Last month, four California-based credit repair companies agreed to settle charges brought by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that they deceived consumers and charged them illegal fees. The companies — Commercial Credit Consultants, Prime Credit, IMC Capital and Park View Law — did not admit any wrongdoing, but they'll pay fines and restitution totaling more than two million dollars.
“Under the law, companies cannot charge for credit repair services until six months after they have achieved the promised results,” Deborah Morris, CFPB deputy enforcement director, told NBC News. “Here they charged three types of fees which all began within the first three months of signing up for the service. Those fees were charged in violation of the law.”
In a joint statement, Commercial Credit Consultants, IMC Capital, Prime Credit and their former principals said they decided “with great reluctance” to settle the case and pay the $1.5 million in order to avoid the “further time and expense of a legal battle over an enterprise that we sold several years ago.”
Related: Many Americans Are Still Totally Confused About Credit Scores
The attorney for Arthur Barens, who owned Park View Law and who's agreed to pay $500,000 in relinquished funds to the U.S. Treasury, sent NBC News a statement from their client: “Unfortunately, the burden of litigation against a large government agency can be overwhelming,” Barens wrote.” This investigation had dragged on for more than two years and in an effort to put this matter behind me and get on with my life, I chose to pay a fraction of what the CFPB sought to settle its allegations. Most telling about this settlement is that there have been no findings of any wrongdoing or any harm to consumers.”
The fact is there's no quick fix for poor credit, no matter what the ads claim. Credit repair companies cannot remove information that is negative but accurate from your credit history. If there really is an error in your file, it's your legal right to challenge it and you can do that for free.
“Never take a credit repair offer at face value and always be aware of the limitations of those services,” cautioned Bruce McClary, vice president of communications for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling. “This is especially true in situations where people are promised impossible results and asked to pay in advance.”
University of Virginia players and coaches wake up this morning still reeling from an embarrassing — and historic — loss over the weekend. Head Coach Tony Bennett says it's the risk you take when you step into the arena. UVA became the first number-one seed to ever fall to a 16-seed in the NCAA tournament, losing to University of Maryland-Baltimore County in a 20-point rout. More from WLNI's Evan Jones:
03-19 UVA Loss Wrap-WLNI
A defense attorney representing Washington Local School Board member, Patrick Hickey, said charges will be filed against him.
Hickey's attorney said they were told by prosecutors that three charges of criminal sexual conduct will be filed, but their client maintains their innocence.
The charges are connected to a re-opened case involving allegations of misconduct while Hickey was teaching at Addison Local Schools.
Prosecutors in Lenawee County say charges have not yet been filed.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
IMBIL police want to hear from anyone who saw a vehicle or a person loitering outside the Imbil waste transfer station last Friday night after the facility was broken into by thieves.
The transfer station was broken into sometime on Friday night, resulting in minor damage to the kiosk and items stolen. Gympie council says there will be no disruption to the opening hours or operations of the facility.
Police also want to hear from any person who witnessed a fight that took place near the intersection of Diggings Rd and Arthur St in Imbil about 4pm on Wednesday, March 7.
Following a number of phone scams to Mary Valley residents police recently conducted a fraud and scams presentation at the Imbil Rural Watch meeting. The calls commonly involve the scammer claiming to be from Microsoft and advising of a problem with your computer and directing the person to a malicious internet site. Other common calls involve the caller claiming to be from the Australian Tax Office and claiming the person has an unpaid tax bill which must be immediately paid.
Police have warned anybody receiving phone like this to hang up and report the call to the Australian Cyber Crime Online Reporting Network (ACORN) website www.acorn.gov.au.
When does The Voice UK back on TV?
The Voice begins on ITV at 8pm on Saturday 7th January on ITV.
Why is it not on BBC One anymore?
Mark Linsey, acting director of television at the BBC, confirmed last year that The Voice would be leaving the Corporation after the fifth series in January 2016.
"We always said we wouldn't get into a bidding war or pay inflated prices to keep the show," they said. "And it's testament to how the BBC has built the programme up – and established it into a mainstay of the Saturday night schedule – that another broadcaster has poached it."
The Voice was signed up for a three-year ITV deal will include an ITV2 spin-off show for The Voice, and also a two-series commitment to make The Voice Kids.
Have the BBC replaced the show?
Yes and no. The BBC is launching a new talent show, Let It Shine, on the same night that The Voice starts on ITV. It focusses on a star search for Gary Barlow's Take That musical. Although the programmes are relatively different in format, they will overlap on the first night by 25 minutes, creating Strictly/ X Factor style scheduling tension between the broadcasters.
Who is presenting The Voice in 2017 on ITV?
Emma Willis will front the show, continuing from their role on the BBC version. Them former colleague Marvin Humes won't however be involved when the talent search moves to ITV.
Who are the 2017 coaches?
Coaches or judges? Well, whatever you want to call them, ITV have lined up a mix of old and new for the rebooted format. will.i.am will be the only coach to have been in every series of the show. He'll be joined by former colleague Tom Jones, who was axed by the BBC last year - and two new coaches, American singer Jennifer Hudson and Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale.
Is there a trailer?
I hear there's going to be a kids' version of the show on ITV?
You heard right.
The Voice Kids is slated to begin sometime in the Spring after the adult version of the programme concludes.
The coaches are will.i.am, pop star Pixie Lott and McFly guitarist Danny Jones.
A woman collects water in a settlement near Cape Town on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. South Africa's drought-hit city of Cape Town introduced new water restrictions in an attempt to avoid what it calls "Day Zero," the day in mid-April when it might have to turn off most taps. Bram Janssen AP Photo
Police foil suicide bomb attack in Bama
The Police in Borno said they had foiled a suicide bomb attack, coordinated by Boko Haram insurgents in Bama town, Bama Local Government Area of the State. Mr Edet Okon, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) for the command in the state said this on Tuesday in a statement in Maiduguri. They said that the three suicide bombers were neutralised by police men on guard in the area.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
2:41 Vinnie Viola talks about hockey and their life in the military Pause
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
1:19 Trump says they get along well with Japanese prime minister
0:41 Crucial Presidents' Day weekend looms for Miami tourism industry
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
Saraki: CCT judgment balderdash, hogwash‎ – Presidency
The Presidency has described the acquittal of Senate President, Bukola Saraki, by the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) on Wednesday as a ‘mockery of the anti-corruption war.' DAILY POST reports that the CCT had on Wednesday upheld the no-case submission of the Senate President, discharging them of the 18 charges filed against him. Reacting to […]
Saraki: CCT judgment balderdash, hogwash‎ – Presidency
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PHOENIX — U.S. Rep. Trent Franks, a conservative anti-abortion Republican, has resigned after revealing that they discussed surrogacy with two female staffers. One former aide told The Associated Press that the member of congress pressured them to carry their child and once offered them $5 million to be a surrogate mother.
The eight-term lawmaker initially said they would leave office on Jan. 31. But after getting an ultimatum from House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., they announced Friday they would step aside immediately, starting a clock for elections to replace him.
——
WHAT'S THE NEXT STEP?
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey now has 72 hours from the time Frank left their post to schedule a special primary election and a special general election to find a new representative for the 8th Congressional District, an area of northern and western Phoenix suburbs.
The special elections are required under Arizona law because the vacancy is occurring more than six months before the next general election.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey, a Republican, will probably wait until Monday to announce the dates, said Ducey spokesperson Daniel Scarpinato.
——
WHO WANTS TO REPLACE FRANKS?
Several conservative Arizona politicians have said they will run for Franks' heavily Republican Congressional District. All are Republicans.
Bob Stump, a former member of Arizona's House and past statewide-elected utility regulator, announced their candidacy on Twitter Thursday night after Franks first said they would resign.
Arizona state Sen. Steve Montenegro announced on Facebook Friday afternoon that Franks had asked them to run for the seat. Montenegro was previously a member of the Arizona House of Representatives, and recently said they would run for Arizona secretary of state.
The Arizona Republic newspaper reported that state Sens. Debbie Lesko and Kimberly Yee, who recently announced their candidacy for Arizona treasurer, said they are interested in running for Franks' seat.
——
WHAT ABOUT THE DEMOCRATS?
Arizona Democrats have been using recent sexual misconduct allegations involving Republican lawmakers to attack Rep. Martha McSally, an Arizona Republican who has said they will run next year for the U.S. Senate seat held by Jeff Flake, who is retiring.
The Arizona Democratic Party had said McSally should return campaign money they received from Franks, and they said she'd give more than $22,000 their campaign received from them to a veterans charity.
McSally campaign spokesperson Andreea Bozek told the Arizona Daily Star newspaper that McSally acted immediately after “learning about the disturbing allegations” regarding Franks.
McSally has referred to U.S. Rep. John Coyners Jr., a Michigan Democrat alleged to have sexually harassed female aides, as a “dirty old man.”
The Arizona Democratic Party said Friday they should also condemn Roy Moore, their party's candidate in a special election for a U.S. Senate in Alabama. They have been accused by several women of making advances on them when they were teens.
——
Associated Press writer Paul Davenport contributed to this report.
http://tucson.com/news/local/u-s-rep-mcsally-to-donate-campaign-dona http://tucson.com/news/local/u-s-rep-mcsally-to-donate-campaign-don
“I had the same lunch every day and it was a protein shake with an apple and peanut butter and it's like, ‘Oh that's totally a healthy lunch — this is a great lunch.' But when I weighed peanut butter for the first time I was taking like three servings and I thought it was only one,” Easter told NBC News Better.
“So here I was thinking I'm eating 200 calories, but I'm really eating 600,” they said.
Weighing Food Gives You a More Accurate Understanding of Portion Sizes
Using a small kitchen scale they purchased for $14, Easter weighed all their food, from the cream in their morning coffee to the chicken they ate at dinner. They input the weight into the MyFitnessPal app on their phone, which calculated the exact number of calories in the food. Easter realized they previously didn't have an accurate understanding of the portion sizes they were eating, especially when it came to calorie-dense foods.
“I thought I was eating like 2,600 or 2,700 calories [a day], and it was a lot more than that,” they explain. “It was definitely above 3,000.”
Michael Easter, a man who began weighing their food in order to lose weight. Rodale Inc. Studios
“A lot of times we make assumptions. For example, if I were to just put banana — generic banana — in a calorie counting app, [the results] could have been more than I actually ate, it could have been less than I actually ate,” says Easter. “Same with nuts. If I took a handful of nuts and I throw them in the shake I could potentially be off by more than 100 calories depending on how many I thought that was.”
They said weighing their food helped them see that the snacks they ate between meals were adding unnecessary calories too.
“When you have to weigh everything, you realize that all adds up, and some days it was as much as 500 calories for me,” they say. “That's enough to really move a dial in terms of weight gain or weight loss.”
The Taoiseach has said there will have to be a transition period after Britain leaves the European Union, during which a full legal framework for a new relationship between Britain and the EU can be worked out.
In a major policy speech on Brexit, Enda Kenny said there needs to be a parallel process of talks on that future relationship, running alongside the Article 50 talks that will set the terms for Britain's departure from the EU.
They also firmly rejected any suggestion that Ireland should leave the EU, saying: "The foundation of Ireland's prosperity and the bedrock of our modern society is our membership of the European Union. That will not change."
Likening the Northern Ireland border to the Berlin wall, and calling it "one of the most divisive borders in the world", Mr Kenny said it is a "matter of vital national interest for Ireland that we do not return to the days of a hard border we knew only too well".
They said not returning to the old border - or creating a new one in the future - is a political matter, not a legal or technical matter.
It will have to be solved by political leadership, they said.
The Taoiseach said without the European peace process represented by the Treaty of Rome, there could have been no Good Friday Agreement.
"I am in absolutely no doubt that the European Union, which has done so much to support reconciliation on this island, will defend the peace process and the Good Friday Agreement."
Describing Brexit as "a serious, direct threat to Ireland's economic prosperity", the Taoiseach said the Government will publish a new trade and investment strategy before St Patrick's Day, and will undertake the largest ever programme of ministerial trade missions this year.
There will also be an updated Enterprise 2025 strategy that will include a medium-term stabilisation and adjustment plan for those businesses that will be most affected by Brexit.
The measures will be supported by government funding where appropriate, and the Government will request EU aid where appropriate.
The State will have to "prioritise policy measures and dedicate resources to protect jobs in the sectors and regions most affected by Brexit", they said.
To succeed as an open economy and a welcoming society, Ireland must remain at the heart of Europe they added.
Membership of the single market and the customs union, they said, are absolutely fundamental to Irish economic strategy, and dismissed any suggestion that Ireland will leave the EU.
The Taoiseach said: "I utterly reject any suggestion that we would leave the European Union."
They said history has shown that Ireland must hold fast to three essential elements:
We must remain at the heart of Europe and open to the world
We must protect the hard-won peace on our island, and
We must pursue thoughtful, prudent but ambitious economic policies.
They said "the Government's plan for Brexit combines these three essential elements".
The Brexit talks ahead will require skill creativity and imagination, the Taoiseach said.
They said "our negotiating objectives are crystal clear. We are firmly focused on winning the argument and on getting the best deal for Ireland.
"We will have to demonstrate toughness, patience and resilience. We will remain at the heart of the European Union and open to the world. We will protect the peace process. We will implement our comprehensive Economic Plan."
The next few years, they said, will "require a supreme national effort", but they said they were optimistic for success.
Shutterstock (2)Following the death of the iconic, dynamic rocker Tom Petty, of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, you may have noticed an outpouring of grief on social media—here's an etiquette guide to grieving properly on social media. The news was tragic: 66-year-old Petty died Monday, October 2, following cardiac arrest at their Malibu home. They were taken to UCLA Medical Center, but could not be revived.
Petty is the latest of many rock star losses; recent celebrity deaths include David Bowie, Prince, Chuck Berry, Jerry Lewis, and Glen Campbell. Whenever a famous star dies, it's not only their family and friends who grieve for them—their fans are devastated as well, even if they never met or saw their icon in person. Why, exactly, are we so affected by celebrity deaths?
Celebrities, such as actors, athletes, and musicians, can leave a lasting mark on people, explains psychotherapist Tom Kersting. We don't personally know these celebrities, but there's no doubt that their work can leave a positive imprint on our mind and memories. “For example, Tom Petty's passing can trigger past memories of their songs that can take a person back to that specific time in life,” says Kersting. “An actor's death can bring back memories of a movie they or they did, triggering memories from that time in your own life.” (Here's why we get upset about celebrity breakups too.)
If you're one of the many fans struggling to come to terms with this week's sad news, or you have found it difficult to cope with one of the recent celebrity deaths, Kersting has some tips. First, try to focus on the positives that the celebrity brought to your life. “As a long time Grateful Dead fan I remember how I felt when Jerry Garcia died,” they say. “Although I was sad about their passing, I smiled at the same time because their music created countless positive experiences for me with friends that I will never forget. So, the key is to be grateful for the positive memories and fixate on that rather than on the sadness.”
Second, just because you can't explain your grief or your friends or family can't understand it, that doesn't mean your feelings aren't a valid response. We're often brought up to compartmentalize sadness and feel that we should mourn in a certain way, but grief is different for everyone. Finally, no matter who you're grieving for, it's important to seek professional help if it becomes too overwhelming or starts to interfere with your life.
Find out how to support someone who's lost a loved one.
Comfortable win sees Rostov pile on the pressure
Rostov-Don did their part and enjoyed their most decisive win of the season when they opened Saturday's Women's EHF Champions League action at home against RK Krim Mercator. The Russian side is now waiting for CSM and Györ to make some mistakes, in order to take one of the top two places in Group 1.
"I'm happy – we controlled the game, showed a good performance in defence, our goalkeeper played very well. We were nervous at the beginning, but then everything was OK," said Rostov coach Fred Bougeant.
• Siraba Dembele top scores for Rostov, with eight goals
• Krim remain fifth in the group rankings with four points – the same number as NFH
• Rostov will play against CSM in the third main round clash, while Krim will host Györ
GROUP 1
Rostov-Don (RUS) vs RK Krim Mercator (SLO) 29:22 (13:10)
It took Krim more than eight minutes to score their first goal, before Elizabeth Omoregie's strike spurred a 3:0 partial in just 90 seconds that pulled the Slovenian team in front, 3:2.
But Rostov's defence, the second most effective in the competition after the first seven games, woke up and started forcing turnovers, leading the Russian side to respond with their own 3:0 partial.
Rostov opened an impressive 12:6 lead on the back of another 6:1 run, thanks to goals from their impressive back line and a flurry of calmly converted fast breaks from Iuliia Managarova.
Though Krim reduced the gap to only three-goals at half-time, their lack of experience was punished by Rostov in the second period.
With right back Anna Vyakhireva and left wing Siraba Dembele in particularly good form, Rostov never looked back, opening an unassailable 22:15 lead with 15 minutes to go.
"Our opponents played a good game. We also played well. We were fighting till the end, but we did not score in many important moments," said Krim line player Olga Perederiy. "Thanks to the local fans. It's almost my home city, as I was playing in Rostov for several years. It's a big pleasure to play here."
The 29:22 victory was Rostov's third consecutive win in the Women's EHF Champions League, as the Russian side drew level with CSM and Györ on eight points – though the latter two sides have one game in hand.
TEXT:
Meizu is one of those Chinese smartphone manufacturers attempting to make a name for itself in an increasingly busy, crowded market. While not as big as giants such as Huawei, it's still got some recognition, and will hope to increase that with the announcement of the latest device in the M-series, the M5s.
The M5s is a well-specced phone, although not quite at the flagship levels we've come to expect in 2017. It's got an octa-core MediaTek processor, 3GB RAM, and a 5.2-inch IPS 'HD' display (read: only 1280x720). The camera clocks in at a respectable 13 megapixels, with ƒ/2.2 aperture, dual color temperature flash, and a 5-element lens. The front-facing camera is 5MP, meanwhile. The home button doubles as a fingerprint sensor, using Meizu's mTouch technology. There's a 3000mAh battery inside, and comes in both 16GB and 32GB storage capacities. Finally, the M5s is 8.4mm thick, which seems to be in the norm nowadays, and weighs 143g.
Meizu's headlining feature is, however, the fast-charging battery. The company says the phone will charge to 56% in half an hour, using 18W of peak power, which is apparently 60% faster than the industry average. While that's nothing new for flagship smartphones, it's good to see this trickling down the line to devices with lower, although still respectable, specifications.
Meizu M5s, in four colors. From left-right: champagne gold, gray, rose gold, silver.
The Meizu M5s, which is made of aluminum in three separate pieces, will be available in four colors: Rose Gold, Silver, Champagne, and Gray. The device will run Flyme OS, although Meizu has declined to state which version of Android the skin will be based on. It will go on sale in China on February 20, costing 799 CNY (around $116) for the 16GB variant, and 999 CNY ($145) for the 32GB model.
2:15
A look at Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s career in NASCAR
1:49
Cam Newton apology: "Word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful towards women"
1:07
Finding the perfect gift for a fitness fanatic can be a difficult proposition. Whether it's running, cycling, yoga or tennis, athletes take their craft seriously — and often have seriously specific preferences for everything from gear to accessories.
So we saved you the anguish of blindly wandering around a sporting goods store by rounding up a slew of incredible, covetable and (most importantly!) highly-rated fitness gifts. From smart water bottles to the best fitness watch, these are our 14 favorite items, guaranteed to get your gym-goer into high-gear (or get a newbie started on the right foot).
Ionic product render Fitbit
Price: $299.95
An impressive new fitness offering from the popular wearables company, the Fitbit Ionic Smartwatch offers a slew of activity-tracking goodies — including step-, heart rate-, sleep-, calorie-, and distance-tracking — as well as music playlist storage and sync, Fitbit Wallet for payments, Starbucks and Pandora apps, fitness coaching, GPS and email and text message notifications. The watch is also water resistant up to 50 meters, and its built-in sensors automatically start and pause activity tracking, so the fitness enthusiast on your list can get right to their workout.
Buy it here.
Flipbelt
Price: $28.99
For running aficionados, it can be difficult to find a run-belt that's both practical and comfortable: big enough for the essentials but not so bulky it will interfere with workouts. Available in a variety of colors, the Flipbelt fits the bill, featuring a lightweight zipper pocket that goes all the way around the waist, and a slim, snug fit. With four belt openings, the pocket is large enough to hold even the biggest iPhones and Android phones without moving or jiggling, and is also useful for those requiring something to hold non-workout essentials like insulin pumps, lip balm or an ID.
Buy it here.
ProEXR File Description =Attributes= channels (chlist) compression (compression): Zip16 dataWindow (box2i): [0, 0, 7999, 7999] displayWindow (box2i): [0, 0, 7999, 7999] lineOrder (lineOrder): Increasing Y pixelAspectRatio (float): 1 screenWindowCenter (v2f): [0, 0] screenWindowWidth (float): 1 tiles (tiledesc): [64, 64] type (string): "tiledimage" =Channels= A (half) B (half) G (half) R (half) Bose
Price: $149
Headphones can make or break a workout (who hasn't had the frustration of having them fall out, get tangled or die in the middle of a workout?). Specifically designed for strenuous activity, these popular Bluetooth wireless headphones are both sweat and water resistant, have a six hour battery-charge life, stay securely in place during even the most aggressive workouts and respond to voice prompts. Tech writers consider these the most comfortable wireless headphones on the market.
Buy it here.
Richwell Correa
Price: $249
A wireless FDA-approved device, Powerdot is a wearable neuromuscular electrical stimulator, assisting muscle recovery and performance with the touch of an app. Users can target various muscle groups, and programs gently contract muscles for options including warm up, post-training, muscle endurance, massage, and injury rehabilitation, with nine workout choices in total. "When used properly, electrical muscle stimulators work by sending a signal to the targeted muscle, causing it to contract just like it would during exercise," says Nikki Griggs, NASM-certified personal trainer and fitness nutrition specialist. "Since the signals are the same, the benefits are the same as exercise and overtime can improve strength, performance, endurance and recovery.”
Buy it here.
jsmagala
Price: $118
These cropped leggings from the beloved workout brand feature a zip-free waistband pocket large enough to store a cell phone, keys or small accessories. Great for a variety of workouts, the high-rise fit features zoned compression — meaning everything stays comfortably and flatteringly tucked in throughout abs, hips, butt, and thighs — as well as moisture-wicking, four-way fabric that stays cool and won't shrink. "While compression leggings don't necessarily help you perform better during a workout, there is some evidence they can assist in recovery and may reduce the amount of soreness felt after a workout,” says Griggs. "However, compression leggings can also give you that extra necessary boost of confidence you need, by hugging your curves just right.”
Buy it here.
Price: $399
Save space — and create an efficient, compact at-home gym — with this versatile dumbbell that serves as an entire weight-rack in one, adjusting from 10 pounds all the way up to a whopping 90 pounds. With seventeen different weight settings to choose from, you won't have a slew of weights cluttering up your space, but will be able to effectively work at building muscle and increasing strength. Weight training is an important part of an effective fitness routine, and having these easily adjustable weights front and center will help ensure you make strength training a priority.
Buy it here.
LEKFit
Price: $15.99/monthly
Beloved by celebs like Busy Phillips, Emmy Rossum and Michelle Williams, dance-inspired workout LEKFit promises to help lengthen, strengthen and tone muscles through low-impact, high-intensity cardio and muscle sculpting. Creator Lauren Kleban runs classes through their Los Angeles garage studio, and offers live 50- minute at-home streaming for at-home clients, including videos of shorter “anytime” workouts and add-ons. Come for the regular virtual celeb sightings (and the ability to workout with a Hollywood favorite in the comfort of your living room), stay for the stronger, dancer-like body.
Buy it here.
Zepp
Price: $99
A tennis swing analyzer and tracker that can attach to any racquet, the sensor captures over 1,000 data points per second, wirelessly sending info on metrics such as serve, slice, topspin, sweet spot and drive to your smartphone or tablet via Bluetooth. The new device also allows users to easily record video of each rally and players can apply effects to their clips to create a highlight reel. For the competitive — and what tennis player isn't? — users can compare their metrics to other Zepp users to see how they stack up.
Buy it here.
Price: $149.95
For the golfers on your list: This is one of the best golf swing analyzers according to experts like Golf Digest. Blast attaches to your grip and focuses on the timing of your stroke through analysis, coaching, communication and management tools. A Smart Video Capture records videos of the swing, allowing golfers to target metrics such as stroke timing and tempo, and the tracker pairs with your phone, charging wirelessly.
Buy it here.
Ivy Park
Price: $72
Research show that what we wear has an influence on our behavior and attitude — one study coined the "enclothed cognition" to describe the symbolic meaning that clothing can have, and experts say this definitely carries over to the fitness space. Meaning that dressing like Beyonce (instead of throwing on that ratty free t-shirt) may just up your gym swagger. Queen Bey is co-founder of the new activewear line Ivy Park, which merges fashion and function for the coolest workout gear we've ever seen. (Would you expect anything less?) For the teen or super-trendy active adult on your list, the items in their line are stylish and versatile, including funky pieces like the seamless Net Bodysuit, which also transitions seamlessly from spin (with sneaks and gym shorts) to brunch (with a pair of jeans and boots).
Buy it here.
Reebok
Price: $150
According to Runner's World, one of the best running new running shoes is the Reebok FloatRide Run, a cushy, lightweight new sneaker mixing Reebok's Floatride Foam (50 percent lighter than standard foam) with EVA foam for a flexible yet supportive run. It also offers maximum responsiveness and breathability, plus a 3D heel cradle featuring multiple layers of foam to reduce irritation. The ambitious goal-setter with a marathon on their resolutions list this year will thank you.
Buy it here.
TRX - app Robert Houser
Price: $249.95
A suspension trainer system that uses your bodyweight, TRX's straps allows for efficient, effective total body workouts anytime, any place — no bulky gym machines required. In addition to an upgrade suspension anchor, door anchor and a workout guide, it offers a one-year subscription to the TRX app, which features in-ear audio coaching, personalized biometric data reading, and more than 80 workouts, including suspension training, HIIT, yoga and running. A study published in the journal Human Movement Science found that doing a suspended pushup using TRX bands activated the abdominals 184 percent more than doing a standard pushup. Hello, New Year's body.
Buy it here.
Ten Thousand
Price: $68
These brand-new — and incredibly lightweight — shorts are bound to be a favorite in your guy's athletic arsenal: they feature a t-shirt loop (for easy storage when they get hot during summer workouts), a zippered pocket to store cards, cash or keys, an anti-chafe liner and vents along the sides for breathability while going hard. They're also treated to prevent bacteria buildup, to avoid that hard-to-remove workout stench.
Fact and Fiction
Price: $180 (or £ 135)
This stylish backpack — made from vegan leather and featuring Flexzorb technology to remove odors — offers three breathable compartments, including a flexible, zippered space on the bottom for dirty gear like sneakers and wet clothes. It also boasts a spillproof holder for water bottles, water-resistant linings, and several internal and external zipper pockets—including a smaller one for keys and cell phone, and a larger one for work items like a laptop or papers. It's beloved in the UK, and ships to the US. Plus it's chic enough to carry to work or bring to post-gym drinks without having to hide it under your coat.
Buy it here.
SoulCycle
Price: Any amount
Give the gift of soul to friends and family who adore SoulCycle's high-energy, addictive cardio and strength training spin classes (but are less enthusiastic about shelling out the chunk of change for a class). With 80 studios across the US in more than 10 states, there's bound to be a Soul emporium nearby, and with gift cards available in physical and electronic form, and you can choose whatever amount you'd like to give.
Buy it here.
"The Hunger Games — Mockingjay," "Mission: Impossible 6," "Jackie," "Despicable Me" and the next "Fantastic Beasts" movie appear to be about as Hollywood as it gets. But French flair is at the heart of them all.
Tax rebates, stunning architecture, local expertise and "savoir-faire" are attracting a growing number of filmmakers to Paris.
The "City of Love" served as a movie backdrop for 4,500 shooting days last year, a 43 percent increase on 2016, while the overall number of films shot in Paris in 2017 surpassed the 1,000 mark for the first time, jumping by 23 percent.
Actor Tom Cruise rides a motorcycle on the set of "Mission: Impossible 6" in Paris on April 30, 2017. Mehdi Taamallah / NurPhoto via Getty Images file
A tax-relief system introduced in 2009, and then boosted in 2016, has been a big factor. The program allows foreign filmmakers to reclaim up to 30 percent of production costs incurred in France.
“That has had a significant effect on the amount of foreign productions coming to France,” said John Bernard, a producer whose company Peninsula Film worked on the third and fourth installments of "The Hunger Games" series as well as the upcoming "Fifty Shades Freed." (NBC News is a sister company of Universal Pictures, which is behind movies including "Despicable Me" and "Fifty Shades Freed.")
Foreign investment in France's movie industry more than doubled to 139 million euros ($173 million) in 2016 — from just 57 million euros ($71 million) the previous year.
But the tax situation is only part of the equation.
“Paris is a very film-friendly city,” said Valérie Lépine-Karnik, the chief executive of the national film commission.
They highlighted how accommodating the French capital had been for the production of the series finale of Netflix's "Sense8" TV series and "Mission: Impossible 6."Both are due to be released this year.
For "Sense8," permission was granted for a massive fireworks display at the Eiffel Tower.
And despite the country being on high alert due to terrorist threats and the run-up to last year's presidential election, entire areas of Paris were blocked off for the sake of Tom Cruise's next "Mission: Impossible" film.
“There's a beautiful scene that we wouldn't have been able to shoot without the support of the air force,” added Raphael Benoliel, the owner of Firstep, a French production company that worked on the movie.
Benoliel said that the level of talent available in France also made the country attractive.
"The major difference that foreign directors have pointed out to me is that in France, cinema is not just an industry, it's above all art," they told NBC News. "So technicians see their work as a passion, an art form, and you can feel it in their work.”
With around 5,000 crew members hired locally to work on "Mission: Impossible 6," officials estimate the film had an economic impact of around 25 million euros ($35 million) over a seven-week period.
However, there are challenges associated with France's film industry — including more stringent labor laws than in some other places.
“Here, a 12-hour work day is the absolute limit and you even need special paperwork," Benoliel said, adding that in countries like Britain, "a 12-hour work day is the norm."
But Lépine-Karnik said such issues were unlikely to keep filmmakers from embracing the city.
“Paris will always be Paris," they said.
SEATTLE — With the number of endangered Puget Sound orcas at a 30-year low, Washington state lawmakers are proposing measures to protect the fish-eating killer whales that spend time in the inland waters of the Salish Sea.
The bills include boosting hatchery salmon production to increasing marine boat patrols around the whales.
Many have been sounding the alarm about the orcas' plight since the September death of a juvenile brought the population to 76. Orcas face including lack of food, toxic contamination and noise from vessels.
A baby orca has not been born in the last few years. And last year, the orcas spent the fewest number of days in the central Salish Sea in more than four decades.
Gov. Jay Inslee's supplemental budget also devotes $3 million to help the whales by increasing vessel enforcement, improving salmon habitat and increasing salmon hatchery production.
Texas Tech Fitness and Wellness is hiring specialty fitness instructors. We are hiring the following formats:
Yoga
Pilates
Barre
Zumba
Hip Hop
Turbokick
PiYo
Open auditions are April 29 from noon - 2pm in rm 114 at the rec center. Questions or concerns please email johanna.valencia@ttu.edu
*Must be a TTU student or faculty staff exempt.employees.
Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman rejected on Wednesday evening the criticism voiced by Education Minister Naftali Bennett and Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked over the planned 14,000 residential units in Qalqiliya at the expense of Area C.
"The statement by the ministers of the Jewish Home is very surprising, since the so-called 'sticks and carrots' plan was introduced six months ago to all the cabinet ministers, including the ministers of the Jewish Home. Raising the issue today of all days, including the statements and demands, sounds too much like the conduct of the Tehiya movement in 1992, when it toppled the right-wing government headed by Yitzhak Shamir, which in turn brought the Oslo Accords upon us,” said Liberman.
U.S. physicians earn on average $294,000 a year, a new survey shows, with men earning 31 percent more than women and white men earning 15 percent more than black men.
The survey of 19,000 doctors by Medscape shows most wish they earned even more, even as most specialties, with the exception of pediatricians, got raises in 2016.
A new study found that specialists earn more than family practice doctors. Hero Images / Getty Images
The biggest earners? Orthopedists, who rake in $489,000 a year.
Plastic surgeons got the biggest raises in 2016 — a pretty grand 24 percent, bringing their annual take to $354,000 a year, the survey found.
Specialists earn more than family practice doctors. Family practice and pediatricians earn just over $200,000 a year, the survey found.
Male specialist physicians make on average 31 percent more than their female counterparts, although that gap narrows among the younger generation. The survey found an 18 percent difference for doctors under the age of 34.
Even at that, a third of specialists said they felt they should be earning even more money.
Related: Female Doctors Outperform Male Doctors, According to Study
Only half of African-American physicians feel they are paid fairly and they do earn less than whites — $262,000 compared to $303,000 for white men.
Those who want to earn more should try moving to a less populated state. Doctors in North Dakota earned the most on average: $361,000 a year, compared to $235,000 in Washington, D.C. In general, doctors in rural, cold states — Alaska, New Hampshire and the Dakotas — earned more than doctors working in the eastern seaboard states of Maryland, Virginia and Delaware.
A study published Monday showed doctors are spending more time on paperwork than they are treating patients.
Related: Doctors' Political Views May Affect Patient Care, Yale Study Says
"Our results suggest that the physicians logged an average of 3.08 hours on office visits and 3.17 hours on desktop medicine each day," Ming Tai-Seale of the Palo Alto Medical Foundation Research Institute and colleagues wrote in the journal Health Affairs.
They surveyed the electronic health records of 471 primary care doctors in California, and found each physician saw an average of 12 patients a day — for an average of about 18 minutes per visit.
The rest of the days were spent on the phone, reviewing charts, refilling prescriptions and other activities.
But most physicians say they love their work, even if they do feel they are burdened with too much paperwork. Close to 80 percent said they'd choose medicine again if they had to all to do over again.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
St Helens won a tight encounter against Castleford Tigers today, getting a 26-22 victory to give encouragement to Saints' temporary coaching team of Sean Long and Jamahl Lolesi after their encouraging performance against Wigan on Friday.
The Tigers welcomed back their captain Michael Shenton into the centre, with Greg Minikin switching to the wing and Joel Monaghan dropping out of the matchday squad.
The Tigers opened the scoring after seven minutes when Makinson was unable to gather McShane's kick into the in-goal and Greg Eden was on hand to touch down, with Luke Gale adding the goal.
Gale extended the Tigers' lead when they kicked a penalty for offside but Saints replied when Matty Fleming did well to score in the corner in the face of a challenge from Shenton. Mark Percival's goal made it 6-8, and Saints were in again two minutes later when Luke Douglas stretched out to score under the posts, with Percival's goal giving Saints the lead for the first time.
And on 35 minutes Percival touched down Theo Fages grubber into the in-goal, converting the try and then adding a penalty to give Saints a half-time lead of 20-8.
That margin was reduced to six points early in the second half with a Ben Roberts try, converted by Gale.
Saints forced several goal-line drop-outs, but couldn't convert them into points before Eden scored their second from a great passing movement on 59 minutes. Gale couldn't convert and the score stood at 20-18.
Saints got some breathing space, however, when winger Regan Grace scored their second try in as many matches, with Percival again converting and, although the Tigers scored a try on the hooter with Roberts' second, Saints had inflicted only their second defeat of the Super League season.
St Helens: 2 Tommy Makinson, 5 Adam Swift, 22 Matty Fleming, 4 Mark Percival, 28 Regan Grace, 6 Theo Fages, 7 Matty Smith, 10 Kyle Amor, 17 Tommy Lee, 8 Alex Walmsley, 36 Zeb Taia, 12 Jon Wilkin (C), 16 Luke Thompson; Subs: 14 Luke Douglas, 18 Adam Walker, Dominique Peyroux, 20 Morgan Knowles.
Tries: Fleming, Douglas, Percival, Grace; Goals: Percival 5
Castleford: 1 Zak Hardaker, 2 Greg Minikin, 3 Jake Webster, 4 Michael Shenton, 5 Greg Eden, 16 Ben Roberts, 7 Luke Gale (C), 8 Andy Lynch, 9 Paul McShane, 17 Junior Moors, 11 Oliver Holmes, 12 Mike McMeeken, 14 Nathan Massey; Subs: 11 Oliver Holmes, 13 Adam Milner, 15 Jesse Sene-Lefao, 16 Matt Cook.
Tries: Eden 2, Roberts 2; Goals: Gale 3
More details from this game will feature in next Monday's League Express
Ballymena United manager David Jeffrey pulled no punches as their side slipped to a 3-1 defeat at home to Warrenpoint Town on Saturday.
It was a third home defeat in seven days for the Sky Blues after Coleraine and Larne both won at Warden Street earlier in the week.
“I am going to be brutally frank I am not just disappointed, I am embarrassed,” said Jeffrey after the game.
“This is the third game in a week, we have injuries but we cannot capitulate like that.
“I would like to apologise to the fans because that was not good enough.”
After a bright start, which saw them edge in front through Jonny McMurray, United's day took a turn for the worse than Tony Kane missed a penalty, Warrenpoint scored a debatable penalty, and ran out comfortable winners in the end.
“I thought for the first 20 to 25 minutes we were very good,” said Jeffrey.
“We played some great football and we really should have been three goals to the good before we took the lead through Jonathan McMurray.
“The penalty goes against us even though I thought it was a great challenge that seemed to rock us to our boots.
“The second goal was a corner. Kofi Balmer let their man go and Ross Glendinning didn't deal with the cross.
“It's as simple as that and we came in at half-time and we told them that we had created lots of chances, so go out and continue to create.
“But then we go out and let a cross come in, let a man go free and we are 3-1 down.”
Croydon Sports Arena will be closed for more than two weeks this month so £25,000 of improvement works can be carried out.
The makeover at the arena, on Albert Road in South Norwood, will start on Wednesday (October 11) and involve the construction of a new pole vault area and long jump runways, as well as a full revamp of the eight lanes of the all-weather 400m running track.
The venue, which is home to Croydon FC and the Croydon Harriers Athletics Club, will also be getting a deep clean and a series of repairs during the works.
Croydon Council, which owns and operates the facilities at the arena, said in a statement that the timing of the "essential" works "has been agreed to minimise disruption to users".
The new facilities at the arena are expected to be completed by October 30, when it will reopen.
The arena is open for public use and members of the public can pay for either a day or season ticket to use the facilities.
The venue also hosts weekly archery sessions and the Wheel for Wellbeing and Cycling on Referral projects, which enable people with disabilities and special needs to cycle on tricycles.
The body of a man has been discovered on a mountain in Donegal.
The body of the man, who was reported missing on Saturday evening, was recovered on Sunday.
A rescue helicopter pictured during the recovery operation. (Photo: Donegal Mountain Rescue Team/Facebook)
The man was reported missing after they failed to return to their car which was parked near Glenveagh National Park.
The body was recovered on the Derryveagh Mountains.
The recovery operation was carried out by Donegal Mountain Rescue team.
Students from China continue to lead the growth of international enrollment at high schools in the United States as they try to get a leg up in making it into American colleges and universities, a new study has found.
The report, compiled by the Institute of International Education (IIE), a nonprofit, revealed that around 2 in 5 international students enrolled in American high schools came from China and that the total number of students from China rose by 48 percent between 2013 and 2016.
Chinese student Minzhe Zou answers a question in statistics class at Orono High School March 8, 2011 in Orono, Maine. Minzhe Zou has credited their year at the public school with helping them get accepted to five U.S. colleges. Robert F. Bukaty / AP file
By contrast, there was just an overall 12 percent increase during the same period for total international exchange students and diploma-seekers combined, the report said.
The data for 2016 covers enrollment in the 2016-2017 academic year.
“What we're really seeing is sort of a continued interest on the part of Chinese students to aim for a U.S. credential, except that we're now seeing that interest play out at a younger age,” Rajika Bhandar, director of the IIE Center for Academic Mobility Research & Impact, told NBC News.
A majority of international secondary students pursuing U.S. diplomas — 78 percent — hail from Asian countries, the report said. With China leading the way, they come to study at high schools, most of them private, on what's called an F-1 visa.
That visa is granted to students enrolled in programs that confer degrees, diplomas, or certificates on the elementary, high school or college level, according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. They are also given out for study at language training programs.
Nearly 3 in 5 international students on F-1s are from China, many of them from middle-class or wealthy families, according to the report and Bhandar.
Bhandar noted that insufficient causal data exist to show what positive impact studying at an American high school may have on the future of international secondary students. But they said there are many benefits.
“Students are really using the opportunity to be able to come to the U.S. earlier to really refine their English-language skills, to become acquainted with U.S. academic and social culture, well before they actually arrive on the U.S. college campus,” they said.
Between 2004 and 2016, the number of international high school students to the U.S. more than tripled, according to the study. But the overall growth rate has slowed since 2013, owing in part to efforts from governments of Asian and Southeast Asian countries to increase academic exchanges within the Asian Pacific region, Bhandar said.
Education consultants talk with visitors about studying in the United States during an education expo in Wuhan, central Chinas Hubei province, July 6, 2013. Sun xinming / Sun xinming - Imaginechina
One direct beneficiary has been Australia, which recorded a 34 percent increase in international secondary students between 2013 and 2016, the study found. That was the fastest growth rate among English-speaking host countries, though it came from the smallest base of students, according to the report.
In the U.S., high school enrollment figures for international students from China and Vietnam have continued to push upwards, according to the IIE.
That, the report said, is likely the result of a growing middle class in both countries with parents who want their kids to receive a high quality education.
RELATED: Survey Finds Foreign Students Aren't Applying to American Colleges
At the same time, South Korea saw a drop in diploma-bound secondary students headed to the U.S., the report said. It attributed that decrease to a decline in the youth population and a growing interest in study opportunities both locally and regionally.
These patterns have also appeared on the college and university level, the study noted.
New data from @IIEresearch: # of intl students coming to US for high school tripled btw 2004 & 2016. Explore data: https://t.co/6ETYXRAtEg pic.twitter.com/I2WnaxGvpK — IIEglobal (@IIEglobal) August 9, 2017
International students make up just a fraction of the more than 15.5 million high schoolers in the U.S., according to the report. In the fall of 2016, there were 81,981 enrolled in U.S. high schools, most on the F-1 visa. The remainder, around 28 percent, were part of cultural exchange programs, studying on what's called a J-1 visa, the report said.
China, South Korea and Vietnam were the top three countries from which students came to the U.S. to pursue high school diplomas, the study found. China, overall, sends the most international students, followed by India, then Saudi Arabia, according to the IIE.
RELATED: For Some ‘Parachute Kids,' A Hard Landing in American Schools
Responding to these trends, a growing number of U.S. high schools has begun recruiting international high school students, the report said. Some 2,300 secondary schools hosted them in 2013; that number shot up to 2,800 in 2016.
California, New York, and Texas (in that order) topped the list of states to enroll students on F-1 and J-1 visas, according to the study.
Bhandar said the fact that many international secondary students likely come from affluent families has implications for American colleges and universities that may be recruiting directly from U.S. high schools.
“These students are going to be different from perhaps other Chinese students and certainly from other international students,” they said.
“Institutions need to still diversify their recruitment efforts to make sure that they're drawing from a full pool of more diverse international applicants,” Bhandar added.
The growing trend among younger international students to study at U.S. high schools, meanwhile, may also have a payoff.
“What this is really laying the groundwork for is more and stronger economic and diplomatic ties between the U.S. and the countries that these students come from,” Bhandar said.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
The NFL playoff schedule has been announced for the first two rounds, and the Kansas City Chiefs are getting the maximum amount of rest.
It's a beautiful thing not having to play in the Wild Card round, isn't it? Instead of having to sweat anxiously throughout the next week, thinking about playing on the first weekend, Chiefs fans can sit back and relax. Kansas City is waiting for its next opponent, which will either be the Pittsburgh Steelers, Oakland Raiders or Houston Texans.
Regardless of who it is, the Chiefs will be playing at noon on Sunday, Jan. 15 at Arrowhead Stadium. The game will be televised on NBC, with Al Michaels, Cris Collinsworth and Michele Tafoya on the call. Of course, with a win, Kansas City will go to the AFC Championship Game for the first time since 1993.
By the time Kansas City kicks off, it will know whether the New England Patriots won or if a miracle happened. The Chiefs could host the conference title game, but only if New England gets knocked off in Foxborough by either the Miami Dolphins, Texans or Dolphins. I wouldn't hold your breath on that one.
We now have 13 days to wait. It's a great time of year.
More from Arrowhead Addict
This article originally appeared on
Aardman Signs Animation Director Daniel Hope Posted on Tuesday, February 14, 2017 · Leave a Comment
From the release:
Daniel Hope is the latest director talent to join Aardman's stable of top animation directors. The studio will represent them in the UK, Europe, United States and Canada.
Growing up in near Norwich, Daniel went on to spend many years working in London's top animation and visual effects houses before moving towards directing.
Working as a director in a range of styles and media on shorts, charity films, commercials and idents, Daniel has a passion for visual comedy, character exploration and nugget-sized storytelling. Daniel relishes the opportunity to experiment with new techniques, drawing from a breadth of experience and eclectic sources of inspiration.
“Daniel has a great understanding of story and characters along with a distinctive design style.” says Heather Wright, Executive Producer and Head of Partner Content at Aardman. “This along with their extensive CGI experience makes them a valuable addition to our roster of Directors.”
Currently based in Amsterdam, Daniel has worked with a range of big brands including Nike and Playstation.
www.aardman.com
More than 57,000 school-aged children have been returned to the classroom by a project targeting the country's estimated 300,000 children who are not attending school full-time, those involved in the effort said.
The Cambodian Consortium for Out of School Children said last week that it had reached its initial goal ahead of schedule, and that 2,000 more children were also expected to be enrolled before the project hits its three-year mark in November.
Komsat Pisey, 13, is one of the children helped by the program. In 2014, they dropped out of school when their family moved from Battambang to Poipet hoping to make more money. They couldn't afford the informal fees for them to attend state school, so they missed a year helping with household chores before they were identified by the consortium and placed back in a classroom, they said.
“I can go to school. I feel happy playing with friends,” the sixth grader said on Friday.
Since the program's intervention, they have not only been able to study the state curriculum, but has also begun English and computer courses.
“They gave me school supplies and medicine” that their family could not afford, they added. “My father thinks that the organization is a good place.”
The consortium began in 2014 with 17 NGOs—now more than 20—two help children overlooked by the country's education system. The target demographic includes those who have never attended school, late starters, dropouts and physically- or mentally-handicapped children.
As part of its efforts, the project has created accelerated curriculums for students entering school late, built schools in areas that previously lacked them and provided teacher training so that children with handicaps could be educated in state schools, said Leam Socheat, the program's director from international NGO Aide et Action.
“Our direct beneficiary is our schools, but in fact I think there are around half a million children that benefit directly or indirectly,” they said.
The project revealed that the situation of Cambodian children failing to attend school was worse than what was previously believed, representatives of the consortium said. Unicef had estimated that 250,000 children were not attending school full-time, but a survey taken alongside the project put the number at 300,000.
Vorn Samphors, country director for Aide et Action, which spearheaded the project, said the consortium now aimed to “scale up nationwide.”
In the next three-year phase, about 40 NGOs are set to enroll 100,000 more children across the country, Mr. Samphors said, emphasizing that retaining children in school was a critical goal. The project's budget was $19.3 million from 2014 to this year, and is expected to total $26 million in the next phase, they said. Education Ministry officials could not be reached for comment.
Miguel Chanco, lead analyst in the Asean region for the Economist Intelligence Unit, lauded the effort, suggesting it could help Cambodia play catch-up with its neighbors.
“I can only see this as a positive thing for Cambodia as the initiative helps to ensure that these young people have an opportunity—and in some cases, a second chance—to become more productive members of society,” they said in an email. “After all, Cambodia is at a demographic disadvantage to its ASEAN neighbors next door, such as Myanmar and Indonesia, and to its much larger peers further east; the Philippines and Indonesia.”
“On a separate note; while I applaud the success so far of this initiative, the fact that it even exists speaks poorly about the state of Cambodia's public education system, while highlighting the absence of any real safety nets for disadvantaged groups,” Mr. Chanco added.
(Additional reporting by Chhorn Phearun)
retka@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
This image released by Marvel Studios shows, from left, Tom Holland, Robert Downey Jr., Dave Bautista, Chris Pratt and Pom Klementieff in a scene from "Avengers: Infinity War." Marvel Studios via AP)
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Video
The Red Arrows closed the Blackpool Air Show with a dramatic display on Sunday.
Organisers said the free event showcased the best in British aviation with a host of amazing flying machines flown by some of the country's most talented pilots.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – A Youngstown man took home the jackpot from the Queen of Hearts drawing at Crickets Bar and Grill Monday night.
John Riley won 89.9 percent of $319,000, which is a total of $286,781.
The bar on Midlothian Boulevard in Youngstown started drawing tickets just before 7:30 p.m.
The remaining cards were drawn until there was a winner.
The jackpot was $230,000 after the last drawing two weeks ago.
LAWRENCE — A crew from the Kansas Geological Survey, based at the University of Kansas, will measure groundwater levels in 568 wells in early January to monitor the health and sustainability of the High Plains aquifer — the primary source of irrigation, municipal and industrial water for much of western and central Kansas, according to a media release.
The annual program is conducted in coordination with the Kansas Department of Agriculture's Division of Water Resources (DWR), which is in the process of measuring an additional 825 wells. Groundwater levels are measured in December, January and February to avoid short-term declines caused by pumping during the growing season.
The KGS crew will be near Colby and Atwood on Jan. 3, Goodland and St. Francis on Jan. 4, Tribune, Syracuse and Ulysses on Jan. 5, Elkhart and Liberal on Jan. 6, and Meade and Dodge City on Jan. 7, weather permitting.
Of the 1,393 wells to be measured in 48 counties by the KGS and DWR, 90 percent draw water from the High Plains aquifer, a massive network of underground water-bearing rocks that underlies parts of eight states and includes the extensive Ogallala aquifer. The rest of the wells are drilled into the Dakota aquifer and other deeper systems or shallow alluvial aquifers along creeks and rivers.
Most of the wells the KGS measures tap water from the Ogallala aquifer, which underlies much of western Kansas and makes up the bulk of the High Plains aquifer. On the whole, the wells have been monitored for years, some since the 1960s.
“Nine will be measured for the first time this year, with permission from the landowners, to fill in spatial gaps in the network of wells,” said Brett Wedel, manager of the KGS water-level-data acquisition.
Besides the Ogallala aquifer, the High Plains aquifer encompasses the Great Bend Prairie aquifer in west-central Kansas and the Equus Beds aquifer north and west of Wichita. DWR field offices will measure 825 wells in those central Kansas areas and other parts of High Plains aquifer in western Kansas. The Stockton field office will measure 222, the Garden City field office will measure 242, and the Stafford field office will measure 361.
“Given the above normal precipitation across much of western and south-central Kansas last year, I'm anticipating improved water-level changes relative to what we experienced three to five years ago, especially in southwest and south-central Kansas.” said Brownie Wilson, KGS water-data manager. “That may not hold true in Northwest Kansas, but we will see.”
Any cumulative slowdown of groundwater-level declines, however, would not be due to the excess precipitation seeping down and recharging the High Plains aquifer but to a significant reduction in pumping for irrigation, Wilson said.
Most wells monitored by KGS and DWR are within the boundaries of the state's five groundwater management districts (GMDs), which are organized and governed by area landowners and large-scale water users to address water-resource issues.
Historical annual measurements for each well are available at the KGS's website. Results of measurements made in January 2017 will be added in late February.
Palmetto (4-1) scored 21 unanswered points in the second quarter to pull away for a 45-20 win over North Miami (2-3) Friday night at Southridge Park.
“The offensive line gave me everything I wanted, we stayed focused and the defense was hungry,” Panthers quarterback Cairiq Rackley said.
The Palmetto defense dominated the second quarter and did most of the scoring on its own. Eddie Williams recovers a muffed punt and returned it for a 30-yard touchdown. Two plays later, Cuevas Russ scored on a 14-yard interception return. Corey Collier intercepted a pass on the following drive to setup a three-yard touchdown run by Rackley.
Lennox Howard scored the first points of the game when they turned a short pass from Rackley up field for 56-yards. North Miami respond with a 14-yard touchdown catch by Ronald Fanfan. The Panthers led 7-6 going into the second quarter.
The Panthers added ten points in the second quarter on a field goal by Tyler Larco and a one-yard Rackley quarterback sneak. Rackley throw their second touchdown pass to Joseph Hardy in the fourth quarter.
Rackley led Palmetto with 170 passing yards and four total touchdowns. Trey Flowers rushed for 102 yards on 12 carries. Ivan Thomas caught four passes for 30 yards.
Isaiah Velez led North Miami with 224 passing yards, three touchdowns and two interceptions. They left the game in the fourth quarter with an apparent leg injury.
Sunset 12, Goleman 11: Jamahl Horne scored two second half touchdowns to help the Knights (4-2, 2-1) overcome a 11-0 halftime deficit to the Gators (1-3, 0-2) Friday evening at Southridge Park.
“I had faith in my team and in the second half we came out stronger,” Horne said.
Gabriel Hernandez scored the only first quarter points when they connected on a 32-yard field goal. John Correa added a nine-yard touchdown run in the second quarter.
Horne's first touchdown came on a one-yard run in the third quarter. Their second score came on a bubble-screen pass from Joshua Jackson with 5:46 left in the fourth quarter. Horne took it 88-yards for the go-ahead score.
“Coach just told me to run on that last play,” Horne said.
A fumble recovery by the Gators setup a final drive inside the last two minutes. Goleman ran down to the Sunset two-yard line with 16 seconds left and no timeouts. Goleman ran it again on second down, but was stopped and time expired.
Horne finished with two receptions for 101 yards. Sunset will face South Miami next week and will try to gain ground on Doral Academy (5-1, 4-0) for the district 16 lead.
BOWLING
TERRA's boys and Ferguson girls' took home the Youth Fair championships on Friday afternoon at Bird Bowl.
Killian's Joseph Crusan bowled the highest series for the boys with a 665. Columbus' Giancarlo Perez bowled a high game of 257. TERRA swept Ferguson in the Baker bracket final.
On the girls' side, Braddock's Alexa Hernandez bowled a 667 high series and a 245 high game. Ferguson swept Krop in the Baker bracket final round.
MORE BOYS' BOWLING
▪ Southwest d. Belen 3-0: Fernando De La Lana (BEL) high game 194, Ethan Menéndez (SW) high series 457. ▪ Southwest d. Goleman: Ethan Menéndez (SW) high game 196, high series 525. ▪ Southwest d. Gulliver 3-0: Ethan Menéndez (SW) high game 235, high series 579 ▪ Krop 7, Miami High 0: Joshua Klein (K) high game 216, high series 563; K 6-1. ▪ American 7, Central 0: Gilbert Fulton (A) high game 140, Troy Robinson (A) high series 374; A 3-3. ▪ HML 7, Carol City 0: Trace Reid (HML) high game 236, high series 548. ▪ HML 7, Mourning 0: Trace Reid high game 227, high series 557.
GIRLS' BOWLING
▪ Southwest d. Goleman: Gabriella Avila high game 153, high series 418 ▪ Gulliver d. Southwest 2-1: Jessica Berman (GP) high game 186, high series 420. ▪ Krop 7, Miami High 0: Daniela Nechtman (K) high game 187, high series 438. K 6-1. ▪ American 5, Central 2: Melanie Starks (A) high game 122, high series 292; A 2-4.
GIRLS' VOLLEYBALL
Jordan Spieth has thing for celebrating major victories with a little love tap - just ask their caddie, Michael Greller.
And Sunday at the PGA Championship was no different. When good friend Justin Thomas broke through with their first major win, they couldn't help but congratulate them with a nice slap on the backside.
Jordan Spieth sneaks in the congratulatory slap on the ass for Justin Thomas pic.twitter.com/GrnJn5gHRp — CJ Fogler (@cjzero) August 13, 2017
If this golf thing doesn't work out for Spieth, he'd fit in perfectly with their favorite football team, the Dallas Cowboys.
Brevin Balmeceda, at bottom, battles Cardeionte Wilson of Miami Palmetto high School. Balmeceda goes on to defeat Wilson during GMAC wrestling finals at Ronald W. Reagan Doral Senior High School on Saturday, February 3, 2018. AL DIAZ adiaz@miamiherald.com
• A hawkish White House and the Saudi administration are likely to see eye-to-eye on bringing more pressure to bear on Tehran. The 2015 Iran nuclear deal needs to be signed off by Donald Trump in mid-April if it is to remain active. In January, the last time a US renewal was due, Trump kept the deal alive. The recent dismissal of Rex Tillerson from their position as Secretary of State means they may be closer to terminating it.• Washington, which has a major military base in Qatar, wants to see the feud brought to a resolution. The US wants to see a united GCC front against Iran and, while critical of many Qatari actions, does not agree with the Saudi and Emirati view that Doha is taking an intolerably belligerent stance in the region.• President Trump has called it “the ultimate deal” and would like to claim a big foreign policy success. They may feel compelled to make an announcement, but Saudi Arabia will certainly advise them against doing so. Riyadh has stressed there can be no deal without Palestinian approval, and Trump has been assiduously ignoring the Palestinians, and refusing to put pressure on the Israelis. The US decision to shift its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem angered Arab countries and Saudi Arabia may look for assurances that the next move will be more subtle.• The US wants Saudi Arabia to buy American technology for its proposed nuclear energy program, but also wants Saudi to hit stringent guidelines designed to prevent nuclear weapons development, including prohibitions on uranium mining enrichment. Saudi Arabia, with potentially lucrative uranium deposits, wants to keep its options open and may look to other nuclear nations, including Russia for reactor purchases. Riyadh has also said it will develop nuclear weapons if Iran does.• The US wants an initial public offering of Saudi Aramco to happen on the New York Stock Exchange, and is always keen to sell weapons to Riyadh. Saudi Arabia is keen to assure would-be foreign investors that property rights have not been undermined by the anti-corruption drive. Riyadh also is looking for ways to encourage economic entrepreneurship at home, for investment opportunities in the high-tech sector.• The US and Saudi Arabia have long been close allies, with close institutional ties in areas such as defense and intelligence-sharing. But a relatively new US administration and a new Saudi administration need to sound each other out in terms of the satellite personnel around the two leaders, who will be critical players in implementing policies.
Getty Image
The audience roars and claps their hands manically; the band plays; the host tells jokes. This is the recipe for the late-night show that has worked for decades now. When Jimmy Fallon took over The Tonight Show in 2014, they clung to the late-night show tradition — he's white, heterosexual, male, and mildly funny. However, they did bring something new to the show: the hip-hop band, The Roots. Prior to 2014, The Roots weren't well-known to the mainstream public that would be watching The Tonight Show, even if they were well known in the hip-hop community for being one of the most politically active rap groups of the ‘90s and ‘00s.
The Philadelphia group has always centered an Afrocentric aesthetic to accompany their politics and sound, so it's a strange thing to witness the flattening of The Roots when they are backing up Jimmy Fallon. The Roots' frontman, Black Thought, is known for their hard-hitting and political lyrics, and they exist in the hip-hop imagination as a kind of KRS-One-meets-Stokely-Carmichael character. Yet, on the show, they are just an attractive man with a sense of humor.
On The Tonight Show, they are seen freestyling about going apple-picking to a Rolling Stones-esque melody by the suggestion of a middle-aged white woman. This is a contrast to the man who rapped on “Making A Murderer”: “It's disturbing when a murderer enjoys homicide / Talented Mr. Trotter squad, beyond qualified / Multiplying the dollar sign, the grind is real it's Palestine / My sidekick came from Columbine.” Most importantly, they exist in the world of the show as a nicely-suited, non-threatening Negro.
AUSTIN, Texas — The Texas capital was on edge Monday after a spate of package bombings left two Austin residents dead and two others badly wounded.
The latest victim was a 75-year-old woman who was listed as critical but stable with "life threatening injuries" after a package they found outside their home exploded in their arms, Police Chief Brian Manley said Monday afternoon.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Austin on edge after spate of package bombs kills two 1:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The woman was hurt just hours after a 17-year-old boy was killed and another woman was injured by another deadly delivery, Manley said.
Both cases bear "similarities" to the death of Stephan House, 39, who was killed March 2 by a package bomb that was delivered to their Austin home, Manley said.
"This again [is] the third in what we believe to be related incidents that have occurred over the past 10 days," Manley said. "They are not ringing doorbells. Residents are coming out of their homes and finding them on their doorsteps."
Manley said it was too soon to say whether the incidents were the work of a serial bomber.
"But there have been a pattern of incidents," they said. "These are powerful bombs."
So far, police haven't determined a motive, Manley said, but they aren't ruling out the possibility that they could be hate crimes. The most recent victim was Hispanic, and the other three victims were black.
"We are not ruling anything out," Manley said.
Emergency vehicles block the road after a package exploded on Galindo Street in Austin, Texas, on Monday. Sergio Flores / Reuters
None of the dangerous packages was delivered by the U.S. Postal Service, officials said.
"If you have a package show at your home and you're not expecting one, call 911," Manley said. "The three incidences have all occurred at residences. It is important that people be aware."
That goes for the thousands of people attending South by Southwest, or SXSW, in Austin, although police said Monday afternoon that the explosions weren't believed to be related to the music, film and technology festival.
Many of the SXSW attendees interviewed by NBC News were unaware of what was happening.
Festival volunteer Kendra Shaw said they hadn't heard of the bombings or gotten any notifications from organizers.
Isaac Machado hides behind their hat against their mother, Delores, outside the scene of an explosion on Galindo Street in Austin, Texas, on Monday. Sergio Flores / Reuters
"We don't want everyone to start freaking out," they said. "I feel like South by Southwest has done a better job over the years of handling those things."
Jessica Stratton, who was attending the festival, said they saw TV reports about the bombings. "It seemed to be a non-festival-related incident, so I instantly relaxed," they said.
SXSW ratcheted up security four years ago after a driver plowed through a barricade and mowed down festival-goers, killing four of them.
The three blasts happened in different parts of east Austin, and House's death was initially investigated as suspicious, Manley said. It's now officially a homicide, they said.
The FBI and investigators from the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were assisting Austin police, said Special Agent Michelle Lee of the FBI's San Antonio office.
Abbruzzese reported from Austin. Siemaszko reported from New York City.
SALISBURY, MD – After a sizzling start to the 2017 season, the Delmarva Shorebirds are pleased to announce that outfielder Jake Ring has won the first South Atlantic League Player of the Week award for the week-and-a-half of April 6 through 16.
The 22-year-old from Ingleside, Ill. batted .421/.450/.842 over their first nine games, going 16-for-38 with 7 doubles, 3 triples, a home run, 13 RBIs, and 7 runs. Ring currently leads the SAL in doubles, triples, RBIs, extra-base hits (11), total bases (32), slugging, and OPS (1.292). They also notched two outfield assists from right field, including nabbing a runner at the plate to preserve the Shorebirds' 6-0 shutout win over Hagerstown on April 15.
Ring came up clutch for the Shorebirds on April 11 in Greensboro, belting a game-tying double in the top of the ninth inning. In Delmarva's four-game home series against Hagerstown on April 13-16, they batted .706 (12-17) with 8 extra-base hits and 8 RBIs, going 4-for-4 with a pair of doubles, a triple, and four driven in in the Sunday matinee on April 16.
This is the first career honor for Ring in the South Atlantic League and their minor-league career.
Robert Mueller's focus is not on what happened during the campaign but on Trump's obstruction of justice after the election, according to a new report from Axios:
“The top two topics that Mueller has expressed interest in so far: the firings of FBI director James Comey and national security adviser Michael Flynn,” reports Mike Allen.
Allen adds: “That suggests a focus on obstruction of justice while in office, rather than collusion with Russia during the campaign. But both sagas are interwoven with Russia: Trump themselves has linked Comey's firing to Russia, and Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about conversations with the Russian ambassador during the transition.”
Allen also spoke about their findings in a new MSNBC segment (above) on Monday morning.
Blink to Reveal Expanded Suite of Home Security Products and Services at CES
Brand Disrupts Home Security Once Again with Affordable, Battery-Powered Outdoor Security Camera, Home Security Kit, Monthly Service Plans and More
Blink, the ultra-affordable home security and HD video monitoring system, today announced it will officially launch its much-anticipated Blink XT outdoor camera at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in January. The company will also preview the forthcoming Blink Seecurity™ systems and monthly service plans. The news caps off an exciting year for Blink, as the company shipped over 250,000 cameras in 2016, providing consumers nationwide with accessible, DIY home security and video monitoring.
Now available for pre-order, the weatherproof Blink XT features two-year battery life, infrared night vision and 1080p full HD video. For the price of $119, it is the most affordable outdoor security camera on the market, making home security accessible to everyone. Alongside the Blink XT, the company will also roll out the following offerings in Q2 of 2017, all of which are compatible with existing Blink systems:
Blink Seecurity™ Products: Establishing itself as a full home security provider, Blink will be offering its own line of security products, which will be fully-integrated for the utmost ease and convenience to the user, including:
– 4G Cellular Sync Module with Battery Backup for Data & Video – The new Blink sync module offers the ability to operate with or without internet connectivity, even when the power is out
– Entry Sensors – Since homes have multiple vulnerable entry points, these entry sensors offer an easy and cost-effective way to secure every window and door
– Siren – With 105 decibels and both manual and motion-based triggering, this easily added unit will help scare away any intruder
– Keypad – Allows users and their trusted family, friends and neighbors to securely arm and disarm their Blink system with a unique passcode
– Water Sensor – Water damage is the leading and most expensive home insurance claim, which is why Blink's moisture sensor will instantly alert users of any leaks or flooding, allowing them to respond sooner and minimize damage
Blink Seecurity™ Kits: Ultra-affordable, these kits offer an unmatched level of home coverage the user can actually see, any time and from anywhere, thanks to Blink's unique philosophy of video-first security:
– Starter Seecurity™ Kit ($339) for new customers includes: 1 Blink Camera, 1 Blink XT Camera, 1 4G Cellular Sync Module, 1 Siren, 2 Entry Sensors and 1 Keypad
– Upgrade Seecurity™ Kit ($149) for existing customers includes: 1 4G Cellular Sync Module, 1 Siren, 2 Entry Sensors and 1 Keypad
– Customers will be able to add additional cameras and security hardware as needed through the blinkforhome.com website.
Blink Monthly Service Plans: In addition to the existing Blink video monitoring services, the company will offer value-added service plans that provide a more sophisticated security feature-set at an unmatched price. Blink's service plans support up to ten cameras per system with no extra per-camera monthly charges. The no-contract monthly plans include:
Blink believes that true home security starts with the ability to see throughout one's home, rather than video simply being offered as an expensive afterthought. Unlike competitors, Blinks' systems start with video at the forefront, differentiating the company in a rapidly changing $28B home security industry driven by consumer demand for DIY products and solutions.
“At Blink, we've created a core “Seecurity™” philosophy, meaning that the ability to see, and therefore know, exactly what is happening at home from anywhere at any time is vital to achieving true home security and peace of mind,” said Peter Besen, CEO of Blink. “Operating under that mantra, we have leveraged Blink's expertise to develop affordable, DIY products with video at the forefront. These new offerings will serve the growing segment of consumers demanding best-in-class, affordable and fully encompassing home security coupled with the flexibility to keep an eye on their homes while on-the-go.”
Blink at CES Information
The Blink XT outdoor security camera, Blink Seecurity™ systems and monthly service plans will be showcased at CES from January 5 through 8 (Booth #40136, Sands, Halls A-D), as well as CES Unveiled on January 3. Blink has also been named a CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree for the second consecutive year for its system within the Smart Home category, which was chosen by an esteemed panel of judges that includes industry designers, engineers and media.
To learn more about Blink Seecurity™ systems and to be notified when they are available, please click here. To learn more about Blink and its current video security products, please visit BlinkForHome.com.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News)—A Philippine mayor in Nueva Ecija Province had been shot dead at close range in Cabanatuan, located north of Manila, by a gunman who rode a motorcycle, becoming the second mayor to have fallen victim to assassination in two days, Philippine police said on Tuesday, according to media reports.
Local police chief Adrian Gabriel said that when Ferdinand Bote and their driver were leaving a government office in a SUV, the gunman approached the vehicle and shot them dead, the reports said.
Bote, 57, was mayor of General Tinio, which is located about 140 kilometers north of the Philippine capital. They became the 12th elected local official murdered since Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte took office two years ago, according to the reports.
Police said in their initial report that Bote was shot multiple times by a handgun and that the driver, who was not injured, had got away, according to the reports. Police found at least 18 shells at the crime scene.
Harry Roque, a spokesperson for Duterte, said the Philippine government will get to the bottom of the latest crime, the reports said.
At around 8:30 a.m. on July 2. Antonio Halili, mayor of Tanauan, located about 65 kilometers south of Manila, was shot dead by a sniper while attending a flag raising ceremony on the square in front of the city hall, according to the reports.
More people are on pace to die this year from drug overdoses in Hancock County compared to last year.
The county has seen 240 overdoses this year, according to the Findlay Courier.
Out of those 240, 13 have resulted in death with fentanyl as a contributing factor to nine of those deaths, according to the Courier.
Fentanyl is a synthetic opioid that is highly addictive. It is 50 to 100 stronger than morphine.
The Courier reports there were 19 total overdose deaths in 2016.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Islamic State has claimed responsibility for an attack on a Turkish nightclub that claimed the lives of at least 39 people and injured dozens, media reports said on Monday. In the early hours of New Year's Day, a lone attacker with a long-barreled weapon killed a police officer and another bystander before entering Reina, a club on the Bosporus, and opening fire on the crowd inside. A statement was distributed Nashir News, which publishes propaganda for Islamic State, which had been urging followers to target holiday celebrations in the run-up to the attack, The Wall Street Journal reported. Turkish authorities are still searching for the attacker.
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
Chelsea have announced that captain John Terry will leave the club when their contract expires at the end of the season.
The 36-year-old has won 14 major honours at Stamford Bridge after making their first-team debut in 1998, having risen through the youth ranks.
Terry has been a bit-part player for the Blues this season, featuring in just five Premier League games for Antonio Conte's league leaders.
In a joint announcement with the club, former England captain Terry said they remain committed until their contract expires and insists they have no plans in place beyond that point.
"I will decide on my future in due course, but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season," they said.
"After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club. From coaches, team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years, I can't thank you enough.
"There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks."
Everybody at Stamford Bridge would like to express our enormous gratitude to John and wish them the very best of luck for the future. pic.twitter.com/Yo9NrXNBMs — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) April 17, 2017
Terry has lifted four Premier League titles during their time in west London as well as five FA Cups and a hat-trick of League Cups.
They also won the Europa League under Rafael Benitez and lifted the Champions League trophy in 2012 despite being suspended for the final against Bayern Munich.
In announcing their decision to leave, Terry suggested they will one day return to Stamford Bridge.
"The club and I have always had a fantastic relationship, which will continue beyond my playing days," they added.
"We had some really positive talks but with everything taken into careful consideration I have decided it's the right time for me to leave.
"I've always been conscious that I depart at the right time, in the right way, and I feel that the end of this season is the right time for the club and I.
"I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me.
"I'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge. I will of course always be a Blue and am desperate to end my final season as a Chelsea player with more silverware."
Terry has not featured since a 2-0 FA Cup win over Wolves in February, with their last league appearance coming in November.
Other than a loan spell at Nottingham Forest, Terry has never turned out for another side and has racked up over 700 appearances at Chelsea.
They were named PFA Player of the Year in 2005 and collected 78 England caps before retiring from the international scene.
NEW YORK — The reaches of the galaxy far, far away might not be quite as vast as previously thought.
In a box-office blip that echoed through the multiplexes, “Solo: A Star Wars Story” didn't fare well over the Memorial Day weekend, amassing an estimated $103 million in ticket sales from Thursday night to Monday. Most movies dream of such openings, but the standard for “Star Wars” is different, as is the bottom line.
“Solo,” which switched directors mid-production, cost more than $250 million to make, and it was expected to debut with around $150 million. For the first time, the “Star Wars” juggernaut was humbled at the box office. The opening marked the worst debut in the franchise's history and Disney's stock slid 2.5 per cent in trading Tuesday.
No one yet needs to run panicked through the streets yelling “Save the Wookies!” But for the first time since Disney acquired Lucasfilm in 2012 for $4.05 billion, the profit potential within George Lucas' space saga no longer appears limitless.
Instead of opening up a new Han Solo trilogy, the disappointing arrival of “Solo” only intensified the questions bubbling around one of the movies' biggest properties. Is there a filmmaker beside J.J. Abrams that can win over both die-hards and new fans? How slavish should subsequent sequels and spinoffs be to the originals? Is there anyone in China who cares a lick about lightsabers?
“I think they knew they had a problem a long time ago,” said Jeff Bock, senior box office analyst for Exhibitor Relations. “What, 75 per cent of the directors are fired and don't finish the film? You've got internal problems.”
Those problems came to a head on “Solo,” where filmmakers Phil Lord and Christopher Miller were replaced during shooting by Ron Howard, who steered the film in a less irreverent comic direction that stayed closer to the script co-written by Lawrence Kasdan, the veteran “Star Wars” scribe of “The Empire Strikes Back” and “Return of the Jedi.” Once envisioned as a western-style prequel romp, “Solo” became an existential battle over the tone of “Star Wars,” as Lucasfilm struggled to find a balance between old and new.
“If this is the business of movies now — and these are the ones that are actually in theatres — then it's got to be this push and pull, constantly,” Kasdan said in an interview ahead of the film's release. “There's an added thing when you make a ‘Star Wars' movie. You run into people in England — and in Marin County but mainly in England — who have been working on it off and on for 40 years. That's like entering a cult. You have the same people who worked on Chewie's costume in the original film, still working on it.”
Finding a way to propel “Star Wars” forward while maintaining spiritual ties to Lucas' hallowed original trilogy is only going to get more complicated. Up next is Episode IX, which J.J. Abrams has taken the helm on after Colin Trevorrow was jettisoned. But after that film, which in December 2019 will close out the third “Star Wars” trilogy, a fleet of sequels and spinoffs are planned.
“Last Jedi” writer-director Rian Johnson is developing another trilogy in the main line of films. “Game of Thrones” creators D.B. Weiss and David Benioff will write and produce a separate batch of “Star Wars” films. Jon Favreau is writing and executive producing a live-action series for Disney's upcoming streaming platform. James Mangold (“Logan”) is to write and a direct a Boba Fett film. Rumours have long swirled about an Obi-Wan Kenobi spinoff. And Disney will next year add “Star Wars” villages to its theme parks.
The litany of releases has, for some, diluted the power of “Star Wars.” “Solo” followed “The Last Jedi” by just five months, leading some to wonder if moviegoers are showing signs of “Star Wars” fatigue.
“These first three films that we released did more than $4 billion. This is our fourth movie now in what is our fourth year of having the Lucasfilm franchise,” said Dave Hollis, distribution chief for Disney. “It feels a little premature to talk about fatigue. We're also planning our releases for ‘Star Wars' movies in the same rooms where we're planning movies for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. And we had ‘Thor,' ‘Black Panther' and ‘Infinity War' in November, February and May, and they were all wildly successful.”
But whether “Star Wars” can be Marvel-ified remains unclear. While the novelizations, merchandising and collective cultural force of “Star Wars” remains a mammoth industry, it all feeds primarily off that original trilogy of films. (64 per cent of the audience for “Solo” was over the age of 25.)
And its international footprint is also missing one very big toe. China, where Lucas' first movies weren't released, has shown scant interest in new “Star Wars” installments. “The Last Jedi” survived only a week in Chinese theatres. “Solo,” which earned a relatively paltry $65 million overseas, did even worse, opening with just $10.1 million in the world's second largest moviegoing market — an untenable black hole for any global blockbuster today.
“China in particular requires a longer conversation and probably a longer deployment of a strategy to introduce, in many instances, characters that other countries have had the benefit of growing up with,” said Hollis. “So it will take some work.”
Bock believes Lucasfilm needs to get more creative with “Star Wars,” trust filmmakers to experiment, try an R-rated film and do whatever it takes to boost popularity in China. “If that means hiring Dwayne Johnson for the next one, then that's what you do,” says Bock. “He's the franchise fixer.”
But the best solution for “Star Wars” might be even simpler. A full half — and, arguably, the clearly weaker half — of the “Star Wars” canon follows events leading up to “A New Hope.” “Solo,” “Rogue One” and Lucas' little-loved 1999-2005 trilogy all function as preludes for what's the come.
So whatever changes need to be made in the “Star Wars” universe, Lucasfilm could start with this: Look to the future, and give up the prequel.
——
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
Diamondbacks ace Zack Greinke will start this season in the dugout.
Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said Monday that Greinke won't pitch on opening day because of what's perceived to be a minor health issue.
Greinke exited their latest start after one inning because of tightness in their groin. He's scheduled to pitch again in spring training Wednesday.
The Diamondbacks don't want to push them to be ready for their first game March 29 at home against Colorado. Without this wrinkle, Lovullo said Greinke would've started the opener for the third straight year.
“Every staff has a No. 1 and they fit the bill perfectly,” Lovullo said. “He won 17 games last year. They were our staff ace.”
Lovullo said they aren't ready to say who would start against the Rockies. The likely candidate is Robbie Ray, who went 15-5 with a 2.89 ERA last year.
“There's a strategy,” Lovullo said. “We don't just look at opening day. We look at opening day and then beyond, so probably five or six days beyond that day. And we want to make sure that we hit things just right to get it to the point where we have good matchups all the way through.”
ELSEWHERE AROUND THE GRAPEFRUIT AND CACTUS LEAGUES
RED SOX 6, PHILLIES 5
Boston ace Chris Sale gave up four runs on five hits and three walks in five innings. They also struck out six. Mookie Betts hit two doubles and Xavier Bogaerts homered for the Red Sox. Aaron Altherr homered for Philadelphia.
MARLINS 9, NATIONALS 1
Washington ace Max Scherzer was tagged for three homers and six runs in six innings. Adam Eaton and Anthony Rendon each had two hits for the Nationals. Miami starter Trevor Richards worked four innings and allowed one run.
ASTROS 2, METS 0
Justin Verlander pitched seven shutout innings and Carlos Correa homered for Houston. Steven Matz struck out nine in six innings for New York.
ORIOLES 4, TIGERS 2
Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed one run in five innings. Detroit starter Michael Fulmer struck out five in five innings and gave up two runs. Dixon Machado doubled twice for the Tigers.
PIRATES 11, TWINS 8
Miguel Sano, who had three hits, and Brian Dozier homered for Minnesota. Josh Bell, Jose Osuna and Christopher Bostick connected for Pittsburgh.
BRAVES 6, BLUE JAYS 0
Julio Teheran pitched 6 2/3 shutout innings, striking out five and allowing four hits. The Atlanta ace has an 0.87 ERA this spring. Toronto starter Aaron Sanchez allowed two hits over 6 1/3 innings.
INDIANS 5, GIANTS 4
Yonder Alonso hit two home runs off San Francisco starter Johnny Cueto. Alonso had three hits and drove in four runs. Cueto allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. Cleveland starter Josh Tomlin gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings. University of Virginia alum Jarrett Parker, dogged by retriever jokes from their teammates after their Cavaliers were ousted from the NCAA tournament by the University of Maryland-Baltimore County Retrievers, hit their third spring training home run in their bid to make the 25-man roster.
The Indians released outfielder Melvin Upton Jr., who hit .189 in 18 spring games. The 33-year-old spent last year in the minors, seeing limited action for the Giants' Triple-A team while slowed by injuries.
WHITE SOX 15, DIAMONDBACKS 2
Matt Davidson, who homered, and Adam Engel each had three hits for Chicago and leadoff man Yoan Moncada got two hits and drove in three runs. Carson Fulmer pitched four hitless innings for the White Sox. Arizona relievers Neftali Feliz and Kris Medlen both got roughed up.
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) — A man who frequently checked a teenager out of school without their parents' knowledge and fled to Mexico with them will soon be in the custody of Pennsylvania authorities.
Federal agents and Mexican authorities found 45-year-old Kevin Esterly and 16-year-old Amy Yu in Playa del Carmen on Saturday and flew them to Miami. The Miami-Dade State Attorney's office says an extradition hearing was held Monday for Esterly, and they will be returned to Pennsylvania in the next two weeks.
The girl arrived Sunday in Philadelphia and was taken home to Allentown, 60 miles (97 kilometers) away.
Esterly faces a felony charge of interference with the custody of a child. Authorities believe Amy willingly traveled with them to Mexico.
11:40 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 'Netanyahu deceived us' Read more Though PM claims that failure to act on pledge to build in Beit El was due to US demand, sources close to Trump say decision was PM's alone. ► ◄ Last Briefs
There's a good chance you have an antivirus installed on your computer. Having antivirus is of course an excellent idea, and highly recommended — but its scope is limited. It protects only the device it's installed on. In today's era of always connected smart speakers, locks, and cameras, that's not good enough.
Bitdefender thinks it has a solution with the Box. Now in its second generation, the Box is a cross between a home router and antivirus software. It does the usual home router tasks, but also scans devices for common vulnerabilities, and warns you of unusual behavior.
Easy to install, usually
Simple, quick installation is a focus of the Box. It comes with straightforward instructions that get the router up and running within five minutes. Bitdefender knows that you likely already have a Wi-Fi network, and so prominently includes the option to clone your existing network, which makes for a seamless transition. That's an important feature given the number of Wi-Fi devices in today's homes. Resetting ever smart speaker, laptop, phone, and game console is a chore the Box avoids.
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
We did run into an issue setting up the Box with a Zyxel C2100z router provided by CenturyLink. Setup was easy yet wired Ethernet speeds were mysteriously constrained. Thankfully, this initial issue seems an exception, since we had no problem configuring the router with several other networks.
Simple, quick installation is a focus of the Box.
Box is designed as part of a full ecosystem of Bitdefender products including its Total Security software (a one-year subscription is included). That means you'll have to install Bitdefender on your PC and smartphones for fully functionally. The Bitdefender Central smartphone app makes that simple, as you can push email links to devices for quick setup.
The router's performance is acceptable. It supports 802.11ac Wi-Fi over the 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands, and we found it reliable at ranges of 20 to 30 meters, which is enough for most homes. Wired use is more limited because there's only a single gigabit Ethernet port. This seems to be a trend among more modern, security-minded routers. Still, given the price, we'd like to see more ports. There's no support for smart home standards like ZigBee of Z-Wave, either.
A watchful router
Once up and running, the Box is fully controlled through Bitdefender Central. Despite the name, Central is split between app and browser interfaces.
The app handles most tasks. You can use it to check up on data use, see what's connected to your network, pause devices, and so on. It also delivers notifications; for example, it will tell you when a new device connects to your network, or when any protected device attempts to access a malicious URL. That latter feature is, we think, a key benefit for families. Maybe you're being mindful of security, but what about everyone else who uses your computer or network? The Box can tip you off if someone's gullible enough to click on an ad promising a free iPhone.
Given the price, we'd like to see more Ethernet ports.
We can't tell you with certainty that the Box will defend against any threat, and even if it did protect against all malware at the moment you read this review, it wouldn't protect against malware that exists tomorrow. A degree of trust is required. Luckily, there is reason to believe in Bitdefender. The company's antivirus scores well in AV-Comparatives testing and has earned tops marks from the AV-Test Institute.
Parents may also be interested in the parental control features, which are mostly handled through the web interface. Box has the usual tricks, like restricting access by time or by type of website. It goes a step further though with phone management — and lets your kid check in as “safe” with the press of a button. An even greater degree of monitoring is available with Android phones, including real-time location tracking.
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Box can detect threats through social media, too. The software can, if given proper access, alert you if someone asks for your child's address. At the same time, the tool is built for a degree of privacy. Box doesn't continually log conversations, but instead exposes only the messages it believes a threat. It seems a nice compromise between privacy and safety.
Security, at a price
The Bitdefender Box is expensive at $250. It comes with a year's subscription to Bitdefender Total Security (with support for an unlimited number of devices) but, after that, you'll need to spend around $40-$50 per year on the software. The Box will work as a router without it, but its network monitoring and parental control features will be severely curtailed.
That adds up to a good chunk of change. You're likely used to free antivirus suites, and Bitdefender's Box is a step in a different direction. Whether it's worthwhile depends on your household. The bigger it is, the more sense the Box makes. A family of five will likely have at least five devices but, once you've added sensors and phones and laptops, it could be in the upper teens.
Just make sure you're okay going all-in on the Bitdefender ecosystem and paying a subscription fee each year. This is not just a router. It's a commitment.
DT Editors' Rating: 3/5
JEDDAH: Enhancing regional integration through tourism will be the theme when the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) holds the 10th session of the Islamic Conference of Tourism Ministers (ICTM) in Dhaka, Bangladesh, on Feb. 5-7.During this session, OIC Secretary-General Yousef Al-Othaimeen will present their report to the ministers of tourism of the OIC member states. The report includes the implementation of the OIC Framework for Development and Cooperation in the field of tourism in terms of promoting Islamic tourism; celebratory activities of Islamic tourism capitals; promotional tourism activities; organizing tourist exhibitions; establishing a tourism portal; tourism capacity-building programs; tourism publications; and tourism statistics and studies.The ICTM will also discuss the development of Islamic cultural and heritage tourism; the plan for the development and promotion of Islamic tourism; and a study on branding Muslim-friendly tourism in the global market.Participants will also review the progress in tourism projects such as the Regional Project for Sustainable Tourism Development in a Network of Cross Border Parks and Protected Areas in West Africa.The forthcoming ICTM is also expected to address challenges faced by the OIC on the successful organization of various tourism fairs and the development of a joint strategy for the successful organization of Islamic tourism exhibitions.The session will also select the two Islamic tourism capitals of 2019 and 2020, and review programs to facilitate the diverse celebration of this year-long event.
Buy Photo Iowa senior linebacker Josey Jewell waits for the Nebraska snap on Friday, Nov. 24, 2017, at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, Neb. (Photo: Bryon Houlgrave/The Register)Buy Photo
Josey Jewell of Iowa has won the Lott IMPACT Trophy as the college defensive player having the biggest influence on their team.
The other finalists were Micah Kiser of Virginia, Harrison Phillips of Stanford and Minkah Fitzpatrick of Alabama.
Jewell received the award Sunday night from Ronnie Lott at the Pacific Club in Newport Beach. It goes to a player with strong academic work, community involvement and team leadership.
The senior linebacker from Decorah, Iowa, had 136 tackles, 13.5 tackles for losses and 11 passes broken up this season. They were an All-Big Ten selection and also was an academic All-Big Ten selection, with a 3.0 GPA as an environmental study major.
Iowa will receive $25,000 for its general scholarship fund.
The Hawkeyes play Boston College in the Pinstripe Bowl on Dec. 27.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mauricio Gonzalez, uncle of Juventino Mata-Hernandez, the worker who fell to their death last week at the Legacy Union building site, talks about their nephew and their skepticism about the results of the pending investigation.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Darian King, a qualifier from Barbados, knocked off No. 5 seed Bernard Tomic 6-4, 6-4 on Tuesday in the first round of the Memphis Open.
King, ranked 140th in the world, dropped just 12 points in 10 service games and never faced a break-point situation against the 32nd-ranked Tomic.
Other first-round winners Tuesday included No. 7 seed Steve Darcis of Belgium, Ryan Harrison of the United States and Matthew Ebden of Australia.
Harrison won 6-3. 7-5 over Russia's Konstantin Kravchuk to advance to a second-round matchup with No. 3 seed Sam Querrey. Darcis won 7-5, 3-6, 6-4 over Radu Albot of Moldova.
Ebden rallied from a break down in each of the last two sets to beat Canada's Peter Polansky 6-7 (4), 6-3, 6-1 in a matchup between two qualifiers. Ebden won the last six games of a match that featured a total of 14 service breaks.
Police have said they are keeping an open mind on whether a series of raids and attempted thefts in Aberdeen are linked.
A four-figure sum of money was stolen from Nigg Bay Golf Club.
The Bobbin pub on King Street and the Goals soccer centre at the Bridge of Dee were also broken into, but nothing was stolen.
Murdo's Bar on Caincry Road, Kings Links Golf Centre and a Spar shop on Ashgrove Road were also targeted.
The incidents all happened between Thursday night and the early hours of Friday morning.
Detectives want to trace three men who were seen in the vicinity of some of the crimes.
They are described as being in their 20s and wearing dark clothing.
It is thought they may have had the use of a vehicle.
In this past month of March 2017, Lawyers of Distinction is proud to announce we have welcomed over 100 new members from throughout the United States.
New York, NY (PRUnderground) April 17th, 2017
Lawyers of Distinction is recognized as the fastest growing community of distinguished lawyers in the United States. Lawyers of Distinction were recently featured in Times Square, New York City. Membership is limited to the top 10% of attorneys in the United States. Members are accepted based upon an objective evaluation of an attorney's qualifications, licenses, reputation, experience, and disciplinary history. Please see www.lawyersofdistinction.com for further details concerning membership qualifications.
In this past month of March 2017, Lawyers of Distinction is proud to announce we have welcomed over 100 new members from throughout the United States.
Lawyers of Distinction does not offer membership to more than 10% of attorneys in any given state. Lawyers of Distinction uses it own independent criteria, including both objective and subjective factors in determining if an attorney can be recognized as being within the top 10% of attorneys in the United States in their respective field. This designation is based upon the proprietary analysis of the Lawyers of Distinction organization alone, and is not intended to be endorsed by any of the 50 United States Bar Associations or The District of Columbia Bar Association.
Lawyers of Distinction recognizes lawyers from the following practice areas: Bankruptcy, Corporate and Transactional, Criminal Defense, Disability and Workers Comp, Employment & Labor Law, Estate Planning – Wills & Trust, Family & Divorce, Immigration, Intellectual Property – Patents, Trademarks, Copyright & Licensing, Mediation, Personal Injury, Real Estate & Property, Civil Litigation. Lawyers of Distinction may add additional practice areas upon request.
Member attorney's may use the Lawyers of Distinction trademarked materials including the brand logo on their letterhead, law firm pamphlets, and mailing materials as well as print media and other forms of advertising. Members may also use the logo and other trademarked materials on their website. Other benefits of a Lawyer of Distinction membership include: a customized 8″ x 10″ genuine cherry wood plaque, a 10″ tall translucent customized crystal, valuable Search Engine Optimization enhancement, a personalized profile within our member directory, extensive member discount program, and a national press release.
Membership roster publications continue throughout the year as well as print advertising in Trial Magazine, National Law Journal, Daily Business Review and others. Member advertisements run continuously online in New York Times, CNN, Fox News, Huffington Post, Yahoo and others.
Wayne Harper ESQ. – Florida
Shawn Sedaghat ESQ. – California
Mark P. Witzig ESQ. – California
Richard Klein ESQ. – Missouri
Richard Luthmann ESQ. – New York
Kelley Joseph ESQ. – Florida
Nancy Wallace ESQ. – California
Lori Hershorin ESQ. – California
Joshua D. Hammons ESQ. – Michigan
Michael Politis ESQ. – Florida
Aaron Coltrane ESQ. – Michigan
Logan Jones ESQ. – Oklahoma
Timothy Ingram ESQ. – Florida
Janice Burton Sharpstein ESQ. – North Carolina
Jacob Whitehead ESQ. – California
Michael Pittman ESQ. – Arizona
Roland Dale Peddicord ESQ. – Iowa
Kate Cook ESQ. – Georgia
Kathleen Schmidt ESQ. – Nebraska
Melissa Sanford ESQ. – Georgia
Joseph Dedvukaj ESQ. – Michigan
Thomas Gibbs ESQ. – Florida
Stephanie Gurrola ESQ. – Florida
Margaret Pascual ESQ. – Utah
Randi Nelson ESQ. – Connecticut
Adam Shapiro ESQ. – New York
Miles G. Lindner ESQ. – Wisconsin
Katrina Washington ESQ. – Texas
Philip Outhier ESQ. – Oklahoma
Deborah Ebel ESQ. – Georgia
Achsa Klug ESQ. – New Hampshire
Debra Vernon ESQ. – California
William MJ Farris ESQ. – North Carolina
Maj Vasigh ESQ. – Florida
Otis “Trey” Bonner ESQ. – Georgia
J. Kenneth Findley ESQ. – Texas
Perry A. Craft ESQ. – Tennessee
Bernard Walsh ESQ. – Florida
Sharon Babakhan ESQ. – California
Jason Stevens ESQ. – Illinois
Vernon Ready ESQ. – Colorado
Tiffany Feder ESQ. – California
Nicole Schmidt ESQ. – California
Brian J. McCormack ESQ. – California
Demetra Mehta ESQ. – Pennsylvania
James Cosgrove ESQ. – Georgia
Laura Canada Lewis ESQ. – Texas
Kevin Humphrey ESQ. – California
Jeffrey Kelly ESQ. – Georgia
Thomas Fredericks ESQ. – Colorado
JoAnne Krabbe ESQ. – Wisconsin
Anthony Marrone ESQ. – New York
Christopher Davis ESQ. – California
Francisco Cieza ESQ. – Florida
Mason Standley ESQ. – Texas
Daniel D. Geoulla ESQ. – California
Craig Geno ESQ. – Mississippi
Margaret Fernandez ESQ. – Georgia
Scott Breitenwischer ESQ. – Texas
Donna Jackson ESQ. – Oklahoma
Karthik Krishnan ESQ. – California
Jason Allan Watson ESQ. – Florida
Jeff Del Rio ESQ. – Florida
Gary Martoccio ESQ. – Florida
Laura Shattuck ESQ. – Connecticut
Richard Bertolino ESQ. – California
Tamra Katcher ESQ. – New Jersey
Dylan Taylor ESQ. – California
Michael Throneberry ESQ. – Illinois
Jeff Prostok ESQ. – Texas
Michael Johnson ESQ. – Illinois
Jay English ESQ. – Texas
Willmore Holbrow III ESQ. – California
William Douglas Bloodworth II ESQ. – Texas
Domenick Di Cicco Jr. ESQ. – Florida
Chris Knight ESQ. – Oklahoma
Verna B. Lilburn ESQ. – Connecticut
William Payne ESQ. – Georgia
Diane Hvolka ESQ. – California
Randy Harvey ESQ. – Oregon
Kinnery Patel ESQ. – California
Jennifer Lancaster ESQ. – Arkansas
John Parsons ESQ. – Oregon
Michael Machat ESQ. – California
Frank Kruppenbacher ESQ. – Florida
Robin Pearson ESQ. – California
Elina N. Agnoli ESQ. – California
Risa Kass ESQ. – New York
About Lawyers of Distinction
Lawyers of Distinction is recognized as the fastest growing community of distinguished lawyers in the United States.
STAR JOURNAL REPORT
The Rhinelander High School boys tennis team picked up another Great Northern Conference victory last week before entering the Easter weekend by winning one of three matches at an invitational.
On Thursday, the Hodags swept their conference road match at Lakeland Union High School, 7-0.
“Lakeland may not have had a full lineup but the players they had were good,” said RHS head coach Bob Heideman. “We were very fortunate to leave with a 7-0 victory. To win three three-set matches after losing the first set in all of them is extremely rare.”
Those three-set victories for the Hodags included wins at the top-three singles spots with Logan Wild defeating Aaron Petersen in No. 1 singles, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3; Markus Johnson downing Vincent Yu at No. 2 singles, 2-6, 7-6, 6-3; and Russell Benoy beating Matt Holmes at No. 3 singles, 5-7, 6-1, 6-2.
“Early on Logan was plagued with errors, but as the match wore on they got more and more consistent,” Heideman said. “He started to hit some winners off their ground strokes and then they were hard to catch.
“Markus had to do a major shift in their game after losing the first set. They went back to taking pace off the ball and their opponent did the same, which was to Markus's advantage. Yu started playing Markus's game.
“Russell added a shot which drew Holmes into the net and that changed things around. They had a much easier time in the second and third sets.”
GBSW INVITE
The Hodags then closed out the week by being able to get in three matches at the weather-shortened invitational hosted by Green Bay Southwest.
“We travel to Green Bay to get the competition and we got plenty of that,” Heideman said.
RHS was swept 7-0 by Southwest and also lost 6-1 to West De Pere, but pulled out a 4-3 victory over Oshkosh North.
Johnson recorded the Hodags' only victory against West De Pere at No. 2 singles over Quinn Norton, 2-6, 6-1, 14-12.
RHS recorded only one singles match victory against Oshkosh North with Wild winning in straight sets at No. 1 singles over Max Bossert, 6-4, 6-3. The Hodags picked up straight-set victories in all three double matches with Grant Gilbert and Jared Fabich winning at No. 1 doubles, 6-4, 6-2, Connor Young and Jared Haug victorious at No. 2 doubles, 6-3, 7-5, and Russell Benoy and Marshall Bessette getting the win at No. 3 doubles, 6-3, 6-1.
RHS, which is now 2-0 in the GNC and 5-3 overall, has its first home meet of the season Tuesday against non-conference foe Phillips.
Will strong persecution come to North America in our lifetime? Seasoned preacher and Christian author David Ravenhill believes it will. They state that in their lifetime, we could see the "underground Church" start in North America because of persecution.
Currently around the world, persecution against believers in Jesus Christ is on the rise. Many churches' theology leaves out the possibility of persecution, because in their lifetimes, they did not have any
However, the Gospels are clear that coming worldwide persecution will happen before Jesus comes a second time:
You will be arrested, punished, and even killed. Because of me, you will be hated by people of all nations. Many will give up and will betray and hate each other. Many false prophets will come and fool a lot of people. Evil will spread and cause many people to stop loving others. But if you keep on being faithful right to the end, you will be saved. When the good news about the kingdom has been preached all over the world and told to all nations, the end will come (Matt. 24:9-14).
You can read below a transcription of David Ravenhill sharing a stern warning of what could happen and the need for revival in the church:
advertisement "How many of you know that we need revival? Unless we have revival in this nation, we won't have a nation. My father [Leonard Ravenhill] said, way back in the 80s, that "if America does not concentrate in prayer, it will pray in concentration camps." And I used to laugh not outwardly, because I respected my father, but inwardly I would think, This is America! The land of the free, the home of the brave. We have a Constitution. We have a Bill of Rights, and so on and so forth. But I have learned that those things are fast disappearing. And the church is being turned against. We are the ones who are the problem, if you like. We are the ones who speak out against homosexuality and all the other things we know are wrong morally. Yet we are the ones [who] are mocked and laughed at and so on. We will be, I believe in a number of years, driven underground. It would not surprise me that in my lifetime we will have an underground church in North America because of the persecution. And the only answer is revival. The Spirit of God coming and sweeping through this land."
Greg Gordon is the founder of SermonIndex.net, which was established in 2002. Millions of audio sermons have been distributed through this world-wide ministry.  They are also the author of The Following of Christ and other books. Greg has traveled to many countries and across North America to thousands of churches and ministries bringing a message of radical Christian discipleship. They have also been involved in organizing over 12 international historic revival conference events where thousands of lives were impacted.
Leaders are readers! Subscribe now and get 3 magazines for the price of 1. Get Ministry Today, Charisma and SpiritLed Woman all for $24. YES - Sign me up!
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Click Here to draw closer to God!
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
A cautious Unai Emery refused to get carried away despite Paris Saint-Germain's stunning 4-0 win over Barcelona in the Champions League.
The French champions hammered Barça in the last-16 first leg at Parc des Princes on Tuesday, with Angel Di Maria netting a brace to go with goals from Julian Draxler and Edinson Cavani.
No side in Champions League history has ever overcome such a deficit in a knockout tie but despite their side's huge advantage heading to Camp Nou, Emery is still wary of the LaLiga giants.
"It is a great motivation to play against Barcelona, and a difficulty," the Spaniard said in quotes reported by Marca.
"The game leaves a good taste in the mouth, but you have to be careful because we have 90 minutes to play.
"We have overcome them and we have made a very complete game. We have to try to maintain the level of concentration because their game is very varied.
"I'm very cautious with the next game. We have to try to continue in the same way."
Di Maria put PSG ahead with a brilliant free-kick before a good finish from Draxler doubled the lead before half-time.
Another superb Di Maria effort from range and a Cavani goal sealed the rout for the hosts.
It marked just Emery's second win in 24 matches against Barça, but the former Sevilla and Valencia coach said their team as a whole could take the plaudits.
"When we win, we all win and when we lose, we all lose," they said. "It was a great game, both individually and collectively."
The return leg iat Camp Nou is on March 8.
The events leading to Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week, with constant new updates about what they said, to whom and when. But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer. Here's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser, less than one month into the Trump administration.
June through November, 2016
Early in the summer, the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee. Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump, as well as internal emails and chats.
In late July, WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers. Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC Chair.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, eggs the Russians on.
"Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," they say.
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months, saying in a debate that China or "somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds" could have been behind the breaches. Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it's "confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails," Trump dismisses concerns about the breach.
"You ever notice anything that goes wrong, they blame Russia? 'Russia did it.' They have no idea," they say in a speech.
Nov. 8, 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election.
Nov. 18, 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be their national security adviser. Flynn, it is later reported, had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election.
Dec. 9, 2016
Then-President Obama orders a "full review" of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections, going back to 2008.
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election.
The Trump transition office issues a statement:
"These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," the statement says. "The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. [Note: This is incorrect.] It's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again.' "
Dec. 12, 2016
Trump tweets: "Unless you catch 'hackers' in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
Dec. 15, 2016
Trump tweets, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking, but they also "had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening."
President Obama tells NPR's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia, one way or another, in response to that country's attempts to influence the U.S. election.
"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, that we need to take action," they say. "And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be."
They added, "But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this, because I spoke to them directly about it."
Dec. 25, 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays (per remarks later made by Sean Spicer, on Jan. 13, 2017).
Dec. 29, 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia's Federal Security Service, the FSB; the country's main foreign intelligence agency, known as the GRU; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU.
In addition, the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were "used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes."
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Ambassador Kislyak regarding sanctions took place (this story would break on Jan. 12, 2017). According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9, two officials "said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."
Jan. 6, 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election, and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee.
"Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting them unfavorably to him," the report says. The authors added that "Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process."
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report's contents. Afterward, they release a statement lumping Russia in with China and "other countries" and insisting that the hacking had "absolutely no effect" on the election's outcome:
"While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines."
However, as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier, it's impossible to know the impact: "Certainly the intelligence community can't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made. There is no way for us to gauge that."
Jan. 10, 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee (and Alabama Sen.) Jeff Sessions says in their confirmation hearing that they "has no reason to doubt" the report's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack.
Jan. 11, 2017
In their confirmation hearing, then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that they think it's "a fair assumption" that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election. They also add that the intelligence report on Russian hacking "clearly is troubling."
Jan. 12, 2017
The Washington Post's David Ignatius reports that "a senior U.S. government official, Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29," the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats.
Jan. 13, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak, but that the conversation was on Dec. 28, and that it wasn't about sanctions.
They said that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th, asking if they could give Flynn a call. Kislyak then called that day, and according to Spicer, "the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after they were sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call. That was it, plain and simple."
This later proved to be untrue.
Jan. 15, 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss "whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications," as the Washington Post has reported.
Later that day, on CBS's Face the Nation, Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions.
"What I can confirm, having spoken to them about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions," Pence said.
Upon further questioning from Dickerson, Pence added, "I don't believe there were more conversations," as well as, "I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion."
After the Pence interview, the Post reports, the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was "more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call, contrary to public statements."
Jan. 19, 2017
According to the Washington Post, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, DNI James Clapper, and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications.
Jan. 26, 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak, as Spicer reported at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing.
Feb. 8, 2017
In an interview, Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to the Washington Post.
Feb. 9, 2017
A Flynn spokesperson says that the retired lieutenant general "indicated that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions, they couldn't be certain that the topic never came up," according to the Post.
Feb. 13, 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn "does enjoy the full confidence of the president."
Later in the day, press secretary Sean Spicer says that Trump is "evaluating the situation" regarding Flynn.
That night, Michael Flynn resigns as national security adviser. In a statement, they admit accidental wrongdoing:
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology."
The White House announces that retired Lt. General Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser.
Feb. 14, 2017
Two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that Flynn did talk to Kislyak on Dec. 29.
Sean Spicer says that 17 days prior, White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when they told Pence they hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak, as reported by the New York Times.
At a press briefing, Spicer says of the resignation, "We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," adding that Trump was "concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others."
Politico reports that there's still more to come on the Flynn story, according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence committee:
"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning, and more information will surface in the coming days, according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's contacts with Russian officials, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the intelligence committee says Flynn should meet with the committee "very soon."
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom.
Figures released by the National Caravan Council (the NCC) confirm the UK's continuing enthusiasm for caravanning and motorhoming.
Staycations and domestic trips in leisure vehicles are also on the rise.
The Motorhome and Caravan Show 2017 heads to Birmingham's NEC from 17 to 22 October, where leisure vehicle manufacturers and dealers show their 2018 product ranges and around 100,000 visitors are attracted to the annual event.
According to the NCC, production of touring caravans was up 13.7% in the first six months of 2017 compared to the same period last year, while motorhome registrations rose by 11.3%.
Caravan holiday homes are also steadily increasing, with a 5.6% growth in deliveries to holiday park locations between year start and end of June 2017 compared to 2016.
From January to April 2017, Britons took a record 14.4 million domestic holidays, or 'staycations' within Great Britain: a figure up 3% over the same period last year.
VisitEngland reports that British residents took 44.7 million holiday trips in England during 2016, up 2% over the previous year. Over 10.2 million, or nearly one in four of these vacations, used caravans, motorhomes or camping as accommodation. Short breaks of one to three nights made up two thirds of all English holiday trips, with 29.3 million taken in 2016.
VisitEngland's figures also demonstrate that Brits are increasingly using caravans, motorhomes and camping as accommodation for other trips made, such as to sporting events or to visit relatives, contributing to a grand total of 11.94 million trips taken in England during 2016: an increase of 2.5% over 2015.
The Camping and Caravanning Club, formed in 1901, has grown to a record membership of 300,000 households this year. With over 100 UK sites, pitch night sales have risen 9% year to date compared with 2016. The club puts the increase in caravanning, motorhoming and staycations down to warmer British summers, lower fuel prices and a wider range of camping options such as glamping.
The Caravan and Motorhome Club's membership continues to grow as it invests in new and existing sites in the UK and enhances its offering in Europe. Overall bookings for the 2017 summer are up 2.2% on last year and motorhome bookings are up 8%. The club has also witnessed a 5% increase in family bookings.
"We see a consistently strong market for leisure vehicles, and their continuing appeal as accommodation on a wide range of trips away in both the UK and abroad," says Jenny Summers, Group Marketing Director for the NCC. "The European tourer and motorhome industry is providing innovative and stylish products at competitive prices, with products such as campervan conversions appealing to a younger market. These figures also endorse the popularity of staycations in the UK."
The Motorhome and Caravan Show is the biggest launch event of its kind in the UK, with all the new-for-2018 motorhome and caravan models revealed. Visitors can access over 700 leisure vehicles from leading manufacturers and dealers and try their hand at caravan towing and motorhome manoeuvring. Celebrity chefs cook from newly-launched leisure vehicles in the LIVE Theatre and industry experts share their tips on leisure vehicle ownership and holidays. With attractions for all the family, children enter free.
Tickets are on sale now for the UK's largest leisure vehicle show from as little as GBP8.50*. Visit www.mcshow.co.uk or call 0844 873 7333.
Operations Managers are very familiar with all the reasons their appliance-based networking infrastructure needs to be reconsidered—they live the problem constantly, day in and day out. Speed is the key driver urging them to find alternate ways to deploy new network functions and services—the traditional model of appliance-based network hardware simply does not allow for fast updates or service rollout. Other problematic aspects of this old model include overhead costs, specialized skill sets required by dedicated hardware appliances, underutilization of existing appliances, and the cost-prohibitive nature of high availability with network appliances. Operations personnel are looking for more flexible and cost-effective ways to keep pace.
By virtualizing network functions, operations teams can keep pace with demand, spinning up virtualized instances to support new server and application requirements, reducing deployment time from weeks to hours or even minutes. Moving to a virtualized infrastructure model such as Cisco's Network Function Virtualization Infrastructure, or NFVi, isn't really a question of “should” or “could” for operations managers—it's a question of “when” and “how soon”? The trend toward virtualized network functions has reached critical mass.
To solve for the problems of speed, scalability, and flexibility brought on by the break-neck pace of server and application demands, Network Operations Managers are looking to Cisco's NFVi to be a silver bullet, and in many ways it is. Virtualized networking functions help customers break out of the outdated model of appliance-based networking hardware.
Read the entire article here, The Solution Capacity Management Has Been Waiting For
via the fine folks at Cisco Systems.
DEVON, Pa. — A horse has broken free at a Pennsylvania horse show, sending people running for cover as it galloped toward the stables.
WPVI-TV reports the horse got loose and jumped over a fence at the Devon Horse Show Tuesday night. Cellphone video shows the horse making a run for it as onlookers scream in the stands.
The horse was caught in the stable area. It suffered minor scrapes.
Officials say the rider was able to dismount from the carriage before the horse ran away and was uninjured.
The horse show is expected to continue through the week as planned.
Forget "winter is coming." Winter may already be here for HBO. It looks like the cybersecurity incident affecting the "Game of Thrones" network may be getting a lot worse.
The person — or group — who claimed last week to have hacked HBO has now released what appears to be a trove of stolen information — and the network has called in the FBI for help.
Those documents are said to include "Game of Thrones" scripts, personal emails that belong to an HBO executive, and other proprietary information, according to reports.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed New Details Emerge About HBO Cybersecurity Hack 1:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"HBO believed that further leaks might emerge from this cyber incident when we confirmed it last week. As we said, the forensic review is ongoing," an HBO representative told NBC News. "While it has been reported that a number of emails have been made public, the review to date has not given us a reason to believe that our e-mail system as a whole has been compromised."
Related: HBO Hacked, Thieves Claim to Have ‘Game of Thrones' Info
Game of Thrones Season 7 production still with Lena Headey, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau. Helen Sloan / HBO
The apparent hacker or hackers, who go by the name "Mr. Smith," also released a video addressing HBO Chairman and CEO Richard Plepler, demanding the company pay a ransom in order to stop further leaks, according to the Associated Press.
NBC News has not seen the alleged video. However, in it, the hackers reportedly ask for their "six-month salary" to be paid in Bitcoin — implying that the figure would be around $6 million.
HBO has not commented on the scope of the breach nor the specifics of what was stolen.
Last week, material that had yet to air from "Ballers" and "Room 104" was apparently leaked online, according to reports. Various reports claim the hackers have 1.5 terabytes of data. For some perspective, 1 TB can hold an estimated 500 hours worth of movies, according to a ballpark estimate from PC Ninja.
Mr. Smith also reportedly claims HBO is its 17th target — and that only three others have failed to pay.
The FBI does not support paying ransom to criminals and has, in previous instances, made the point that there is no guarantee a victim's proprietary information would be returned. The FBI's Internet Crime Complaint Center — also known as IC3 — collects reports about internet-facilitated crimes.
"Paying a ransom emboldens the adversary to target other victims for profit, and could provide incentive for other criminals to engage in similar illicit activities for financial gain," the FBI wrote in a bulletin last year.
However, the decision is ultimately up to the victim. The FBI said "it recognizes executives, when faced with inoperability issues, will evaluate all options to protect their shareholders, employees, and customers."
HBO's statement said the company's team is working "around the clock with outside cybersecurity firms and law enforcement to resolve the incident. Meanwhile, our dedicated employees continue to focus on delivering the high quality of entertainment and service for which we are known."
The hacking nightmare — just the latest in a string of incidents that have shaken Hollywood — unfolded last week, prompting Plepler to break the news to employees in an email on July 31.
“Any intrusion of this nature is obviously disruptive, unsettling, and disturbing for all of us. I can assure you that senior leadership and our extraordinary technology team, along with outside experts, are working round the clock to protect our collective interests," they wrote.
Despite it all, some "Game of Thrones" fans are vowing not to look at the leaked materials.
Screw you "Mr.Smith," I'll wait for HBO to release GOT #GameOfThrones #hbohack — John Butler (@butlerbssp) August 8, 2017
Netflix fell victim to hackers earlier this year when some episodes of "Orange Is the New Black" were leaked prior to the series' June release date.
As far as entertainment industry hacks go, Sony suffered the biggest one yet in 2014 when thieves leaked personal information and email exchanges, some of which were between actors and executives. The hack was apparently prompted by the satirical film "The Interview," in which a news crew scores an interview with Kim Jong-un — and is asked by the CIA to assassinate him.
However, sometimes an alleged hack isn't quite what it seems. Some hackers have been known to overstate their claims. Earlier this year, Disney was the target of a hoax, in which hackers claimed to have a copy of the newest "Pirates of the Caribbean" film in their possession.
Does it look like all the schools already on Foster's offer list have something in common? Until VT arrived they were all based in their home state of Texas. That gives the Hokies the honor of being the first national program (and one of the first couple in Power-5) to offer him. There's an advantage to that first-mover status, and with the staff's recent surge in attention to the Lone Star state, there's hope they can build some serious connections there (especially in the far northern portions, close to the Oklahoma origins of many on the staff). They plan to check out every school that offers - and we'll see if Foster sticks to that plan now that the offers have a bit more geographic spread.
Mauricio Gonzalez, uncle of Juventino Mata-Hernandez, the worker who fell to their death last week at the Legacy Union building site, talks about their nephew and their skepticism about the results of the pending investigation.
The cast of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" joined a jam-packed world premiere of the latest chapter in the beloved space saga on Saturday night in Los Angeles.
The much-anticipated film received a warm reception from audience members, including J.J. Abrams, who directed 2015's "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" and will helm the next installment in the series. Although formal reviews won't be released for a few days, critics offered up early praise on social media, hailing "The Last Jedi" for taking the franchise into new territory.
While the movie brings back plenty of fan favorites and beloved icons, including the late Carrie Fisher, it also introduces a handful of fresh characters and a new writer/director. Here's a guide to the incoming class.
Benicio Del Toro as DJ in "Stars Wars: The Last Jedi." Jonathan Olley / Lucasfilm
Benicio Del Toro
Notable credits: "The Usual Suspects" (1995), "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" (1998), "Traffic" (2000), "21 Grams" (2003), "Che" (2008), "Sicario" (2015)
Benicio Del Toro makes their "Star Wars" debut as a mysterious computer hacker, or "slicer," named DJ. "This character could come straight out of a Bob Dylan or Tom Waits song, or even a Dostoevsky novel," Del Toro told Empire. "He's like something out of Dickens. There have been characters like them in all kinds of literature."
Del Toro has carved out a niche playing mercurial tough guys on both sides of the law, typically in gritty dramas about drug underworlds. They broke into the mainstream as a mumbling small-time crook in "The Usual Suspects," earned acclaim as grief-stricken brooders battling addiction in "21 Grams" and "Things We Lost in the Fire," and won an Oscar for their turn as a Mexican cop in the drug trade epic "Traffic." In recent years, the Puerto Rican native has balanced performances as sinister cartel hitmen ("Savages," "Sicario") with small parts in Marvel movies.
That background apparently prepared the 50-year-old actor for their enigmatic role in "The Last Jedi." They have compared their character to a knife, telling Empire: "If you grab them by the blade, he'll cut you. If you grab them by the handle, they can be very, very useful."
Laura Dern as Vice Admiral Amilyn Holdo in "Star Wars: The Last Jedi." Lucasfilm
Laura Dern
Notable credits: "Blue Velvet" (1986), "Jurassic Park" (1993), "Citizen Ruth" (1996), HBO's "Enlightened" (2011-2013), "Wild" (2014), HBO's "Big Little Lies" (2017)
Laura Dern joins the franchise as the strong-willed, lavender-haired Vice Admiral Amilyn Holdo, leader of the Resistance rising up against the evil First Order. The character nods to "stereotypes about women bosses" in the real world, Dern told Entertainment Weekly. "Like if they look a certain way, they can't achieve the job or they must be brazen," they said. "You know, all the different versions of what we label someone."
In an eclectic career spanning more than four decades, Dern has swung between appearances in high-profile commercial fare ("Jurassic Park," most famously) and edgy turns in unconventional art-house projects. They have won a cult following for their long-running collaboration with the surrealist auteur David Lynch, co-starring in their experimental dramas "Blue Velvet," "Wild at Heart," and "Inland Empire." (She also showed up in this year's reboot of the director's groundbreaking series "Twin Peaks.")
"The Last Jedi" caps a busy year for Dern, who won an Emmy for their supporting part in the HBO miniseries "Big Little Lies." If their track record is any indication, the Oscar-nominated actor could put a quietly quirky spin on the "Star Wars" universe. "She enters the Resistance to shake things up," Dern told Entertainment Weekly.
Writer and director Rian Johnson on the set of "Stars Wars: The Last Jedi." Lucasfilm
Rian Johnson
Notable credits: "Brick" (2005), "The Brothers Bloom" (2008), "Looper" (2012), "Breaking Bad" (2010-2013)
Before they were tapped to write and direct "The Last Jedi," Rian Johnson was an up-and-coming genre filmmaker with three features (and a few TV gigs) under their belt. They were also, like so many Gen-X sci-fi nerds, a lifelong "Star Wars" fan. "It was so emotional to step onto the Millennium Falcon set, because that was the play set we all had when we were kids," Johnson told The New York Times. "Suddenly, you were standing in the real thing. There's this rush of unreality about it."
Johnson made their directorial debut in 2005 with "Brick," a throwback to hard-boiled 1940s detective mysteries starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt as a teenage gumshoe. The low-budget indie film attracted a small but devoted fan base, and Johnson went on to direct some of the most memorable episodes of "Breaking Bad" as well as the time-traveling noir thriller "Looper."
Lucasfilm, the production company behind the "Star Wars" franchise, apparently loved what Johnson brought to "The Last Jedi." They have already been tapped to create a brand-new "Star Wars" trilogy that, according to Lucasfilm, "will introduce new characters from a corner of the galaxy that 'Star Wars' lore has never before explored."
Kelly Marie Tran and John Boyega in "Stars Wars: The Last Jedi." Lucasfilm
Kelly Marie Tran
Notable credits: NBC's "About a Boy" (2014), "XOXO" (2016)
Kelly Marie Tran enters the "Star Wars" galaxy as a quick-thinking Resistance mechanic named Rose Tico — reportedly a key player in "The Last Jedi." With their breakout role, Tran will make franchise history:  They are the first major "Star Wars" character to be played by an Asian-American woman.
"It's something I think about a lot," Tran told Buzzfeed News, referring to that milestone. "I just remember growing up and not seeing anyone that looked like me in movies."
Tran has been mum about their character, but they have hinted that their performance draws on their real life. "Sometimes I think Kelly informed Rose, and sometimes I think Rose informed me," Tran told BuzzFeed. "It's such a messy, tangled relationship, which I think is kind of beautiful. She's always going to be a part of me and I'm always going to be a part of her."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
T3 Lite 300WSM TSX reloads help Will be receiving a new SST/SYN Tikka T3 Lite by weeks end in 300 WSM have been researching powders for it and are a little overwhelmed as the number of powders I'm finding that are reported to work quite well, but also have seen many postings claiming some of the best powders such as RL-17 and RL-22 for the 300 WSM are prone to considerable temperature sensitivity and I hunt in wildly varying temperatures.
I did three searches here but came up with surprisingly little information.
I will be developing loads for THE Barnes TSX IN two bullet weights at first.
Bullet #1 165 grain Barnes TSX primary use is for deer and antelope. Would like to achieve a minimum MV of 3000fps with this bullet.
Bullet #2 180 grain TSX for elk. Would like to achieve a minimum MV of 2850-2900fps with these bullets.
Please also share with me how far off the lands you set your bullets that gave you your best accuracy, or any other helpful facts concerning reloading TSX's.
Due to cost, would like to limit my selection at first to only two powders that will give me best possible accuracy and very good velocities, but accuracy is my first priority. The only reason I am somewhat hesitant to try VV powders is they are not available anywhere near me OTC and I have very good access to all other powders, bullets and primers OTC and would like to avoid the cost of buying powders through the mail.
Thanks, for any and all help,
Art.
“You're killing me, Smalls!”
Any fan of classic baseball movies knows the famous line from “The Sandlot.”
With the movie approaching the 25th anniversary of its release, a few Milwaukee Brewers including former Marlins' outfielder Christian Yelich decided to reenact one of the film's iconic scenes.
The nine Brewers players including Yelich took some downtime during spring training and put together a roughly two-and-a half minute film playing out the scene when a home run ball goes over the outfield fence and into the neighbor's yard for the first time.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The scene introduces the character, “Smalls,” to the neighbor's Mastiff or “The Beast” as their friends call it.
In the short film, Yelich plays the role of Benny “The Jet” Rodriguez played by Mike Vitar in the 1993 movie.
There are heroes and there are legends. Heroes get remembered but legends never die. pic.twitter.com/z7mKroaOQ1 — Milwaukee Brewers (@Brewers) March 19, 2018
It isn't the first time an MLB team has paid homage to The Sandlot as a few members of the New York Yankees did something similar reenacting a different scene from the movie during spring training of 2015.
Yelich, who played their first five seasons with the Marlins, is entering their first season with the Brewers after being traded to Milwaukee on January 25th for prospects Lewis Brinson, Isan Diaz, Monte Harrison and Jordan Yamamoto.
Video
Simon Ostrovsky, a friend of Arkady Babchenko, told BBC Radio 5 live that they feel anger and relief in equal measure after discovering the Russian journalist is alive and well.
Mr. Babchenko turned up at a news conference less than 24 hours after it was reported that he'd been shot dead in Kiev.
Ukraine said it staged the fake murder as part of a sting operation to foil a Russian assassination plot.
Mr. Ostrovsky said: “From being incredibly gloomy and sad yesterday to frankly anger today, that we've all been hoodwinked and made to believe our friend died.
“It's a very confusing time.”
This clip is originally from 5 live Drive on 30 May 2018.
Chad Allen Wiggins, 37, of Sedalia was arrested on Wednesday (Source: Graves County Jail)
A western Kentucky man has been arrested for two separate vehicle thefts.
Chad Allen Wiggins, 37, of Sedalia was arrested on Wednesday, May 30 after they were found hiding in a vehicle in the parking lot of a factory north of Mayfield.
Shortly before 6 a.m., a deputy got a report of a gas drive off from Fristoe's Market in Folsomdale. The vehicle had been stolen overnight from Sedalia. The owner of the vehicle did not know the vehicle was stolen.
The market owner got video of the drive off. It was reported that the suspect had a gun.
The vehicle was found behind grain bins between Sedalia and Cuba.
An investigation showed the suspect was connected to a stolen truck theft in Pryorsburg in November 2017.
Residents and business owners helped in the search.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Wiggins faces a number of charges including, unlawful taking, theft, possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Charges from 2017 include, theft burglary, meth possession, fleeing/evading police and drug paraphernalia possession.
Copyright 2018 KFVS. All rights reserved.
Blue Jackets' defenseman Zach Werenski took a puck straight to the face during Sunday's Game 3 in Columbus, and they did their best to battle through it. They made it further than most of us non-hockey folk would have by getting stitched up and returning to the game sporting a massive, swollen black eye with a gnarly cut underneath.
Werenski eventually had to leave the game once the eye was too swollen to see out of, and the picture they shared after the game was pretty horrific:
On Monday morning, the Blue Jackets announced that Werenski's season was over due to a facial fracture.
That season may only be one more game (the Penguins currently lead the Jackets three games to none in their opening-round series) but losing Werenski is a huge blow. The 19-year-old rookie has been tremendous on Columbus' blue line this season.
Zach Werenski is out for the remainder of the season, per John Tortorella. Watch live: https://t.co/DPKBmxz5lI #CBJ — ColumbusBlueJackets (@BlueJacketsNHL) April 17, 2017
If it's any consolation, he'll be going out in the good graces of their teammates, coaches and fans. Following Sunday's loss, the perpetually-cranky Blue Jackets coach John Tortorella praised Werenski, saying they have “balls as big as the building.”
About
Published:
The Switch. The Beginnings of Neo-Avant-garde in Upper Silesia Exhibition identity, catalogue and flyer design.
WTT Zeiss Conquest 6.5-20x50 for 2 scopes
I am in need of a scope for the AR that I built and on a shoe string budget, this is what I am having to do. I have the Zeiss conquest 6.5-20x50 with target turrets that has only seen the field 1 time and I still have the box and all for. I am wanting to trade for 2 other scopes that are both 12x + power and one needs to be 1" tube for my Ruger #1 I am taking this off of. I know its a long shot and I absolutely love my conquest but I am going try this to get a scope on the AR and replace this for now.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
Waterford have appointed Pat Fenlon and Alan Reynolds as part of their new management team in director of football and head coach roles respectively.
Fenlon makes their return to the game after leaving Shamrock Rovers, while former Blues player-manager Reynolds moves to the RSC having been assistant first-team coach at Cork City last season.
Fenlon said: “I am delighted to be involved in such an exciting project. Waterford has always been a great football city, with a fabulous history.
“Being director of football is a new and exciting role for me and I would like to thank [the club owner] Lee Power for giving me the opportunity to put the structures in place to bring the club forward.
“I am looking forward to working closely with Alan Reynolds and will support them and the other technical staff in our efforts to bring success to the club.”
Reynolds, who looks set to manage day-to-day first-team matters with Fenlon's guidance, said: “I'm thrilled to be involved with this new era for Waterford. Working with Pat Fenlon again is something that I'm really looking forward too.
“Hopefully we can get the people of Waterford behind the club, supporting the team and we can look forward to some exciting nights at the RSC.”
The club's new owner Lee Power has immediately brought changes to the First Division outfit, including a rebranding to Waterford FC from Waterford United.
The high-profile appointment is sure to raise eyebrows as they look for a complete turnaround from a disastrous season in 2016.
Power said: “To me, it was always about getting the right people to lead the club forward and with Pat's experience and Alan's knowledge of Waterford, I think that we've got the perfect combination to lead this club back into the Premier Division which is our aim for the 2017 season.
“It's exciting times ahead for the club and I thank our fans for their patience in waiting for these key appointments. The announcement of both Pat and Alan is a signal of our intentions to make this club a great one again. I welcome them both and wish them all the success in building a squad that's aim will be to bring top flight football back to Waterford.”
Three signings have also been confirmed by the club.
Striker Paul Murphy has put pen to paper on a deal from Wexford Youths, Dean O'Halloran has also joined the club after spells with both Fulham and Bohemians, while Dave Mulcahy has also rejoined the club from Cork City.
AUSTIN, Texas — Oklahoma's star first-year student Trae Young had been off their game but was starting to find their stroke when Texas guard Matt Coleman took a pass, stepped out and swished a 3-pointer before heading back up the court and waving their hands to urge the home crowd to get on its feet.
Then came another long jumper. Then a tough layup.
Even a missed dunk fired up the crowd by the sheer aggressiveness of the move. Coleman's burst sparked a second-half rally as Texas stormed back late and closed the game with a 22-8 run to beat the No. 12 Sooners 79-74 on Saturday.
“I see every game as a gift and an opportunity,” said Coleman, who finished with 22 points. “That was probably the turning point of the second half. We were down 10 and I felt like our sprit wasn't great. We just needed something, a stop or block or steal or dunk or something to get us over that hump.”
Texas coach Shaka Smart leaned on their guard in a timeout to find a spark for their team.
“I told Matt if we play with spirit, we will win the game,” Smart said.
Coleman's biggest mental test came when they made four consecutive three throws in the final two minutes. They helped clinch a victory that came after they missed three free throws late in a loss at Texas Tech just a few days earlier. Texas missed 13 free throws in that loss, but made 13 in a row in one stretch against the Sooners.
Kerwin Roach II added 19 points for Texas (15-8, 5-5 Big 12).
Young, the national scoring leader, came in averaging 30.3 points, but finished with 19 on 7-of-22 shooting and made just two 3-pointers while guarded mostly by Coleman and Roach. They also had 14 assists. The loss kept the Sooners (16-6, 6-4) from pulling into a three-way tie atop the Big 12 with Kansas and Texas Tech.
“I don't think I got a rhythm,” Young said. “All my shots were short or long. They were all online.”
Oklahoma was just 3 of 22 on 3-pointers as the Sooners refused to abandon their long-range attempts despite the struggles.
“I wouldn't say it gets in our head,” Young said. “We've got to do what got us here.”
Young scored seven points in a flurry early in the second half that pushed the Sooners to a 50-40 lead before Coleman's play reeled them back in. Texas forward Dylan Osetkowski's two free throws tied the game at 66 before Young missed consecutive 3-pointers on Oklahoma's next two possessions. Coleman made a driving layup over two defenders and another by Roach put Texas ahead by four with 3:32 to play.
Coleman had come back from the Texas Tech loss aching to make up for their late misses. They went 8 of 13 from the field with two 3-pointers and was 4-4 from the free-throw line.
“Every night since Texas Tech he's been here late at night working on their 3-point shooting and free-throw shooting. It burns them up that teams back off of him,” Smart said.
BIG PICTURE
Young continues to show they can do more than score when they run into an unfriendly rim, and their sharp passes easily carved up a Texas defence that had eyes locked on him. Young had nine assists in the first half, most of them leading to easy dunks and layups as the Sooners scored 34 points in the paint in the half.
Young would have had more assists, but their teammates sometimes got caught watching them as well and dropped several passes for turnovers.
“He's the best player in the country,” Smart said. “A phenomenal player. If you can hold them under 20, that's a win.”
Texas got its third straight home win over a ranked opponent and continues to protect its home court in the rugged Big 12. The Longhorns did it despite an unusually quiet game from first-year student forward Mo Bamba, who scored 13 and had nine rebounds, but didn't provide the defensive wall the Longhorns have come to depend on. Bamba has already set the Texas season blocks record with 96 but had just one against the Sooners.
SCHEDULE QUIRK
The Big 12 is slightly irregular in that rivals Oklahoma and Texas didn't meet in the first half of the conference schedule. That means they will play their rematch in Norman in just two weeks on Feb. 17.
JONES CANCER TREATMENT
Texas guard Andrew Jones is making progress in their cancer treatment and was recently able to get out of their hospital bed, their family said Saturday. Jones was diagnosed with leukemia in early January and is currently being treated at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. Teams around the Big 12 have rallied to support Jones, and a website set up by Texas for the family has raised more than $156,000.
Jones made the game-winning 3-pointer at the buzzer to beat Oklahoma in Austin last season.
At halftime Saturday, a message from Jones' Twitter account said, “I would like to thank everyone for all the support and love. I'm doing a lot better and still fighting.”
UP NEXT
Oklahoma hosts No. 15 West Virginia on Monday.
Texas hosts Kansas State on Wednesday.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
SALINE COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect after a weekend altercation with a shovel.
Just after 10p.m. Friday, deputies responded to the Kampgrounds of America, 1109 West Diamond Drive, after a man allegedly attacked a co-worker, according to Saline County Sheriff Roger Soldan.
A 19-year-old co-worker told deputies Israel Ortiz, 45, of Texas, was staying with the victim and another man at the campground. When Ortiz returned Friday night, the others were asleep in the trailer. According to Soldan, Ortiz became upset because they accidently locked them out.
When a co-worker let them in, Ortiz allegedly attacked the man shovel and fled before deputies arrived.
A deputy located Ortiz later at the Salina Petro, 2125 N. Ninth Street. They were arrested and booked into the Saline County Jail for aggravated battery.
The 19-year-old victim sustained minor injuries and refused medical treatment.
Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be planning a UK wedding after becoming secretly engaged in October.
It was recently suggested that the singer and their partner Simon Konecki, 42, had married after they were believed to be wearing a gold ring on their wedding finger.
However, this would seem to have misled and the singer may have simply become engaged to their partner of five years. Accordingly, they are now planning a ceremony in the UK for sometime in 2017.
According to The Sunday People, the 28-year-old secretly agreed to wed in October. Although the couple wanted in fact to marry this Christmas, their plans did not materialise.
It is speculated that there would have been too short notice for their respective families to travel to the United States where the couple are currently living.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Greystone Logistics reported a net loss attributable to common shareholders for the third fiscal quarter ended Feb. 28 of $152,554, or 1 cent per share, compared with net income attributable to common shareholders of $773,667, or 3 cents per share, for the third quarter of the previous fiscal year.
By Radio.com Staff
It's Valentine's day and artists are taking to social media to show love for their fans and significant others.
Related: John Mayer is Cupid's Secret Weapon
Katy Perry, Paul McCartney and Miley Cyrus are just a few of the musicians to spread the love.
Chris Young had their tongue planted firmly in their cheek when they wished fans a “Happy Taco Tuesday,” and then there was Kesha, who loves their fans, but worries their cats will eat them Valid concern.
Check out the best Valentine's Day messages below.
❤✨So much love for my #KatyCats on this mushy day! Thanks for keeping me floating and grounded all at the same time… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… —
KATY PERRY (@katyperry) February 14, 2017
All we need is love. Happy Valentine's Day. X #ValentinesDay https://t.co/DsxieopcYJ —
Paul McCartney (@PaulMcCartney) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day https://t.co/p4VIPntyHx —
Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) February 14, 2017
Have a Happy Hippie Valentimezzzzz! TBTuesday to my date night with @tywrent!!!!!! It's all about L-O-V-E everyday.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… —
Miley Ray Cyrus (@MileyCyrus) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day to all our fans ❤️ https://t.co/IzYZEVsyEX —
Pearl Jam (@PearlJam) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day ❤😘😍 I love you —
Austin Mahone (@AustinMahone) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentines Day X Adam https://t.co/eiKiysyNE3 —
(@U2) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine's Day, ya creeps. —
Mark Hoppus (@markhoppus) February 14, 2017
I think I'm forgetting something today... Oh yeah! Happy Taco Tuesday everybody! —
(@ChrisYoungMusic) February 14, 2017
NASHVILLE — All-Pro safety Kevin Byard believes it doesn't get much better for they and their Titans teammates: First learning from defensive co-ordinator Dick LeBeau and now Dean Pees.
"Just having two legends as coaches on the defence, man, I was blessed," Byard said.
Now, what the Titans' defence with look like under Pees, that remains somewhat a mystery. Neither Pees nor the Titans are sharing many, if any, details right now. Oh, there's been talk of showing different looks on the defensive line and being consistent in coverages.
But that's about as much as Pees is willing to share.
"I'd like to be more little more precise, but I really don't want to talk about scheme particularly and what we're doing," Pees said Wednesday when asked about coverage consistency.
The Titans made a change from Mike Mularkey to first-timer Mike Vrabel as head coach in January mostly to get more production from an offence led by young quarterback Marcus Mariota. Even though the Titans were the AFC's best against the run and allowed a league-fewest five touchdowns rushing and tied for fifth in sacks, they still have plenty of room for improvement on defence.
Maybe because the Titans were so good against the run, they faced more passes than any other defence in the NFL. They also gave up the most first downs through the air last season. The Titans ranked 25th defending the pass, giving up 239.3 yards per game, and 17th in points allowed. Despite Byard intercepting eight passes, Tennessee finished with 12 interceptions overall — tied for 18th in the league.
With Pees last season, Baltimore ranked 12th in yards allowed per game. The Ravens led the NFL with 22 interceptions and also tied for 10th against the pass giving up 213.8 yards per game.
Pees, 68, has spent the last 14 of their 45 years as a coach in the NFL. But they haven't talked with LeBeau, someone he's always admired and wanted to have a relationship with as a coach. The new Titans co-ordinator has been busy learning their new players and installing their defensive schemes with a little more than third installed as of Wednesday.
Outside linebacker Derrick Morgan, now on their fifth head-coach with this franchise, said the defence remains primarily a 3-4 base. Each coach uses different language to describe plays, and Morgan said learning that is the biggest challenge.
With its Nazi symbols and slogans, the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend evoked painful feelings for many, especially survivors of the Holocaust.
"Looking at swastikas, neo-Nazis, hatred of Jews — and not just Jews, but African-Americans and Mexicans and Muslims — it's really troubling," said Michael Bornstein, who barely escaped alive from Auschwitz more than seven decades ago.
"To see this prejudice is still here is very troubling."
Bornstein, 77, a Polish native who now lives in New Jersey, was 4 years old when they were liberated from the infamous Nazi concentration camp in Germany. They only have fading memories of the horrors there: the smell of the ovens where bodies were cremated, the sound of soldiers' boots marching, the feeling of being starved nearly to death.
Michael Bornstein, who escaped from Auschwitz at age 4, shows their concentration camp serial number tattooed on them during the Holocaust. Courtesy Bruce Challgren / PhotoPixels LLC
But they distinctly remember the discrimination they endured even after they got out. They and their mother lived in Germany for six years — their brother, father and several grandparents had all died at the hands of the Nazis — before coming to the United States.
Related: Trump Condemns Hate Groups, Calls Racism ‘Evil' Days After Charlottesville Violence
"There was a lot of anti-antisemitism in Munich, but I didn't think when we came to the United States, that I'd see this," Bornstein said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 72 Years Later, A Reunion for Three Survivors Seen in Iconic Holocaust Image 1:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Bornstein said they felt America was welcoming to them when they became a citizen. That's what made it even more stunning for them to see white supremacists and Ku Klux Klansmen marching over the weekend, chanting Nazi slogans and displaying swastikas. They said they were glued to coverage of what was happening in Virginia.
"The U.S. is wonderful," they said. "I can't think of a better place to live in. But here it is again. The neo-Nazis and their supporters, the white supremacists, are finding another voice."
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum also expressed alarm at the events and condemned "the violence and neo-Nazi, racist, and antisemitic symbols and language used by some of the participants, including reported chants of, 'The Jews will not replace us.'"
"Neo-Nazism in any form is antithetical to American values and has no place in American society," the Washington, D.C., museum said in a statement.
Meanwhile, a photo spread on social media of a protester in New York holding up a sign that read, "I escaped the Nazis once. You will not defeat me now." NBC News could not independently verify the photo's authenticity.
Bornstein, the Holocaust survivor, was among a chorus of critics who felt President Trump wasn't strong enough in their initial response to the Charlottesville rally, which turned deadly when a car rammed into a group protesting the white nationalists and killed 32-year-old Heather Heyer. Nineteen others were injured.
On Monday, facing growing criticism, Trump made a fresh statement from the White House in which repudiated the racist ideology by KKK and called hate groups "repugnant."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Condemns 'Repugnant' Hate Groups After Charlottesville Attack 0:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect called on Trump to go further.
"The president made it worse. They said we should all unite, but there's no way on God's Earth we will ever unite with Nazis," Steven Goldstein, the center's executive director, said.
.@POTUS spoke and still cannot get it correct. Our organization's full statement: pic.twitter.com/0xSvol1Gt3 — Anne Frank Center (@AnneFrankCenter) August 14, 2017
Borstein said they hoped this weekend would be viewed as a chance for change.
"I think this is a perfect opportunity for Americans to stand up, never forget, and to oppose this hatred we're seeing in the United States," they said.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating their mother and threatening them with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. rammed their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
The records from the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police they stood behind them wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked them in the head and locked them in the bathroom after they told them to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control theirs temper.
Earlier Monday, Fields was denied bond after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent them because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. The judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in, Charles Weber, who did not immediately respond to phone messages. No one answered the door at their office Monday.
Fields was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform. Seated, they answered questions from the judge with simple responses of "Yes, sir" when asked if they understood what was being explained to him. Fields also replied "No, sir" when asked if they had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for Fields, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out in the 9th grade by officials at the Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, for their "deeply held, radical" convictions on race, their former high school teacher Derek Weimer said Sunday.
Keegan McGrath, 18, who said they were roommates with Fields on a class trip to Europe in 2015, said Fields referred to Germany as "the Fatherland," had no interest in being in France, and refused to interact with the French.
"He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us," McGrath told the AP on Monday.
McGrath challenged Fields on their beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. They said they went home after three or four days because they said they couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because they had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
"He was just a normal dude" most of the time, although they occasionally made "dark" jokes that put their class on edge, including one "off-hand joke" about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
McGrath said that Fields wasn't ostracized and doesn't believe Fields deserves sympathy.
"He had friends, they had people who would chat with him, it wasn't like they were an outcast."
Weimer described Fields as an "average" student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany.
"Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy," Weimer said. "It would start to creep out."
Fields also confided that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when they were younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Weimer said.
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers who were killed when a helicopter crashed during the large-scale police response.
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the "take America back" campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect.
Meanwhile, a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be "bigger than Charlottesville."
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when they came back they were quieter about politics until their senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what they believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, they said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to become a tank commander in the Army. Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided them through the process of applying, they said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help dispel their white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said they lost contact with Fields after they graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the Army.
Army spokesperson Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015, but was released from active duty four months later "due to a failure to meet training standards."
This story has been edited to clarify who participated in the white nationalist rally and who posted the message promising future events.
ALTOONA, Iowa - A Missouri man is facing serious charges after firing shots into a van that they believed was carrying two missing children.
Police say Matthew Golden was traveling east on Interstate 80, when they heard an Amber alert for two missing children from Toronto, Iowa.
The car described in the Amber Alert was a silver sedan.
Despite this description, Golden spotted a white panel van and decided that they had found the vehicle authorities were searching for.
"After ramming the vehicle probably more than once, they get out of the vehicle and begins giving commands to the driver, and then they fire two rounds at him," Chief Stallman said.
The driver of the panel van was uninjured.
Police say none of Golden's choices were correct.
Read more from WHO.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
FILE - In this Nov. 3, 2016, file photo, British labor rights activist Andy Hall talks to reporters at the Supreme Court in Bangkok. A Thai court of appeal dismissed criminal defamation charges against Hall who was sued by a fruit packaging company after they alleged human rights violations at its factory. Sakchai Lalit, File AP Photo
Officials in Montague County are looking for a man they said evaded two law enforcement agencies on Tuesday.
According to the Montague County Sheriff's Office Facebook page, deputies are looking for Christopher Dellinges.
Dellinges is not as escaped convict, as previously reported.
MCSO officials said Dellinges was last seen in the Bowie area on Wednesday morning.
Montague County Sheriff's deputies attempted to stop Dellinges on Tuesday when a chase ensued.
Follow a spike strip maneuver, Dellinges ditched their vehicle near FM 1749 and FM 455 and took off on foot.
Dellinges is wanted for driving a vehicle without permission and two felony warrants according to the Montague County Sheriff's Office Facebook page.
If you have any information on their whereabouts call the sheriff's office at (940) 894-2871.
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
SANTA FE, N.M. (AP) — New Mexico's high school juniors would be required to apply to at least one college or show they have committed to other post-high school plans as part of a new high school graduation requirement being pushed by two state lawmakers.
The proposal is scheduled for its first legislative hearing on Thursday. If it eventually becomes law, New Mexico would be the first state to require post-high school plans of students, said Jennifer Zinth, who is the director of high school and STEM research at the Education Commission of the States, a Denver-based group that tracks education policy.
The bill sponsored by Rep. Nate Gentry, a Republican, and Daniel Ivey-Soto, a Democrat, would make it mandatory for public school juniors to apply to at least one two- or four-year college. Exceptions would be made for students who can prove they have committed to military service, a vocational program, or work upon graduation in an apprenticeship or internship. Parents and school guidance counselors would have to approve of the students' plans.
The measure was drafted with the aim of reversing declines in college enrollment across the state, which fell nearly 14 percent from 155,065 enrolled students in 2010 to 133,830 in 2016.
Ivey-Soto, an attorney and former educator, said it also could encourage prospective first-generation college students to seriously consider getting into a higher education institution.
"There's a reason we call graduation commencement because it's the beginning of their future," Ivey-Soto said. "Let's take that seriously."
The New Mexico bill is modeled after a similar requirement that Gentry said was put in place for high school students in San Marcos, Texas, more than a decade ago. And last year in Chicago, Mayor Rahm Emanuel made post-high school plans a graduation requirement — saying students had to either have plans to enter the military, take part in a "gap year" program, get a job offer or apprenticeship, or have an acceptance letter from a college.
The New Mexico proposal has received a mixed response from educators, with some questioning whether the bill that asks for no extra funding will further strain schools without enough counselors to give students the attention they need to develop post-graduation plans.
"We just need to make sure that the schools are funded well enough that there is a counselor or a person who can help each student," said Betty Patterson, president of the National Education Association-New Mexico union representing more than 8,500 school employees.
The bill seeks to boost the state's college enrollment rate in the hopes the state would have a better educated workforce. That could attract more companies to New Mexico, where the unemployment rate is 6.5 percent, the second highest in the U.S. and more than two percentage points higher than the national rate.
While students would not be required to attend college, Gentry thinks requiring them to fill out applications will make them more likely to do so. Applying to the flagship University of New Mexico costs $25.
Many of the state's community college don't charge application fees and applying online can take as little as 20 minutes.
At the Academy for Technology and the Classics charter school in Santa Fe, Principal Susan Lumley said they were wary of the bill if it didn't come with extensive support for helping students apply to college.
The school in Santa Fe graduated 43 students last year and all but one enrolled in college. The only one who did not enroll in college went to a vocational school for tattoo artists.
"You've got to provide the support to make that happen," Lumley said. "First-generation kids, for a lot of them, the reason they don't go to college is they have no idea how to even start that process."
Following the Kibera Tribute show for Kevo Abbra's father, their former friends in Accra, Ghana decide to also set up a show to honour the man who inspired them to venture out from being simple tailors to become iconic fashion designers in their respective hoods. The following are images from their tribute show in Agbobgloshie showcasing their designs.
NORFOLK, Va. — A non-profit that tracks pollution in America's largest estuary says the health of Chesapeake Bay is improving, but huge challenges remain.
The Chesapeake Bay Foundation has released a midpoint assessment of a federal plan to curb pollution flowing into the watershed by 2025. States are required to cut phosphorous, nitrogen and sediment from treated wastewater as well as runoff from farms and cities.
The good news in Wednesday's report is that the bay's oxygen dead zone is shrinking. Underwater grasses and oysters are making a coming back. Maryland, Pennsylvania and Virginia have reduced pollution coming from sewage treatment plants.
But the foundation asserts they're not doing enough to tackle the pollution running off farms, and says Pennsylvania is particularly falling short.
(Terry Flores/Kenosha News via AP). Emergency response vehicles gather at Great Lakes Dragaway on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, near Union Grove, Wis. Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event at the facility, a Wisconsin sheriff said. Kenosh...
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) - Three Illinois men who were shot to death at point-blank range during a drag racing event in southeastern Wisconsin may have been targeted by a rival gang member, a sheriff's official said Monday.
The three were fatally shot as they stood near a concession area in the parking lot of the Great Lakes Dragaway near Union Grove about 7 p.m. Sunday, according to Kenosha County sheriff's officials.
The shooter remains at large, sheriff's Sgt. Mark Malecki said Monday.
"The victims were known gang members," Malecki said, adding that they came from the Aurora area in Illinois. Deputies were investigating the possibility that the assailant was a rival gang member.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died in an ambulance on the way to a hospital.
Sheriff David Beth urged any witnesses to the shooting to contact their department.
"A lot of people may not have wanted to come up and talk to the sheriff's department initially because maybe they were afraid someone was going to see them," Beth said. "So what I'm hoping happens is someone who knows what's going on or saw what happened will call us, give us more information and help us catch the individual who did this."
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as "Larry's Fun Fest." The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bullying is the number one concern for parents ahead of Scottish schools going back this week, according to a poll by leading charity, Action for Children Scotland.
The survey of 1000 families across Scotland also highlighted parental worries about children's emotional wellbeing, the cost of school uniform and simply getting kids back into the school routine.
Families revealed that they would benefit from one to one support to help with issues, and more availability of after school clubs and classes.
The charity is using the survey results to highlight the need for parents to talk to their children regularly, monitor use of social media and build family time into busy lives, when young people and children are more likely to engage and open up about their problems.
Paul Carberry, Director of Action for Children Scotland, said: “We want starting the new school year to be a positive, exciting time for children and their parents. Our staff are on hand to provide practical and emotional support to help with the transition back to school, recognising the range of challenges that some families face. This includes bringing parents and teachers together to resolve difficulties jointly and at an early stage.”
The charity has welcomed the Scottish Government's ‘Pupil Equity Fund' which can be used by Head Teachers in a flexible way to tackle issues and difficulties which may result in some children being disadvantaged at school by circumstances outside their control.
Paul Carberry added: “The ‘Pupil Equity Fund' is a real opportunity to make a difference to those children who are at greatest risk of non-attainment, and to bring in flexible support to help address the challenges.”
The charity has issued their Top Five tips for parents as children go back to school. Louise McKechnie is a Family Support Practitioner at Action for Children Scotland's Glasgow Family Wellbeing Partnership which supports vulnerable families in Glasgow. Louise says:
1. Bedtime routine: Establishing a good bedtime routine is key. Over the summer holidays, children are usually out of this routine. Having a chat to children about that change and making sure that children are prepared for making it is important to avoid chaos in the morning!
2. Be prepared: Preparing uniforms, shoes and lunches the night before is very important. If these things aren't ready in the morning, then that's another stress for both parents and children. By having everything ready the night before, it means the children can be ready to go quickly in the morning.
3. Speak to teachers: Often parents we work with have concerns about bullying, additional needs or emotional wellbeing. Communication with the school in advance and setting out a support plan helps to reduce any worries for parents and child.
4. Know what school policies are: Particularly in relation to late comings and absence and how to report these. Having the school numbers handy and having them logged in your phone is essential as is making sure your phone has credit.
5. Finding out about school clubs: This poll highlighted how valuable parents regard these sorts of activities for their children. The school handbook details what clubs are available and schools often issue letters about activities happening throughout the year. Schools are easily contactable so there are a number of ways to find out what is available and the sort of activities your children can take part in.
Close on 11, 500 people attended Wednesday's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open Championship Pro-Am day at Ballyliffin Golf Club.
This week's competitors mixed with 'A' list celebrities and the not so famous as the course opened its gates to the public for the first day this week.
In the Championship Village there is plenty to keep all ages amused, away from the Fairways and Greens.
Faraday Future Dramatically Lowers Automotive Ambitions
Faraday Future is running on fumes. But it's still running. The Gardena-based luxury electricstart-up raised $14 million in emergency funding and will lease an assembly plant at an old factory near Fresno that will enable it to turn out 10,000 cars a year.
The company has dramatically lowered its ambitions. Its goal now is to try to remain solvent enough to start manufacturing and selling the FF 91, a powerful, technology-packed luxurious electric sedan with a base price expected to top $100,000.
As recently as last year, the company had plans to turn out 150,000 cars a year from a massive new $5-billion assembly plant near Las Vegas.
Those plans were dashed when the company's primary investor, Chinese entrepreneur and LeEco Chief Executive Jia Yueting, ran into severe financial difficulty in their home country, including a government-decreed freeze on assets. Faraday financing dried up, and the Las Vegas factory never got off the ground.
Last week, a two-year-old investment firm called Innovatus Capital Partners handed Faraday $13.75 million on a one-year loan, but not before laying claims to Faraday's Gardena headquarters as collateral. The cost of the loan was not made public.
Faraday's new factory sits along a two-lane road in Hanford, a town of 55,000, and a railroad crossroads. Armstrong Rubber Co. first opened the building in 1962 to manufacture tires. In 1985, Italian tire-maker Pirelli bought the factory but shut it down in 2001, citing foreign competition and lower wage rates in Brazil and Venezuela.
The building has been mostly empty since, though late last year a medical marijuana supplier sought city permission to use it as a growth farm and processing plant, provoking a debate over morals versus economic development in the conservative community. The company bowed out in March after the city said it would wait until after the Nov. 18 election to decide.
Then Faraday stepped in. About 400 of Faraday's 1,000 Gardena employees volunteered to drive to the Hanford site on Saturday to "see it, touch it, work on it, paint an FF sign on it," said Stefan Krause, the company's chief operating officer, who joined Faraday in March.
A Deutsche Bank and BMW veteran, Krause is on the hunt for capital to keep Faraday alive. The recently borrowed $14 million is peanuts against the tens to hundreds of millions of dollars Krause must raise.
An assembly plant and a schedule for production will help, they said: "For investors, it makes it more real." The Hanford plant covers a million square feet with a section more than 300 yards long once used for tire making, the right shape and length for an auto assembly line.
When Krause came in last March, they saw how much time and money a brand-new plant would require, and steered the company in a new direction. The need for speed is urgent, they said. "It's strategically important to be the second (luxury electric car) after Tesla.
A luxury electric car start-up based in Silicon Valley, Lucid Motors, is also seeking new capital as it races against Faraday and others, including Lynk & Co., a new luxury electric carmaker in China that plans to sell in the U.S. through Volvo dealerships.
If Faraday's plans are met, the first production cars will come off the line headed for customers by the end of next year.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
A Texas state representative is lucky to be alive after a stray bullet hit them in the back of the head while they and their family celebrated New Year's Eve. It came within millimeters from piercing their brain.
Rep. Armando Martinez, a Democrat who is in their seventh term serving District 39, was celebrating the New Year at a friend's house in Weslaco, Texas, when they got shot with the stray bullet. In a phone interview with NBC Latino, Martinez said the partygoers had huddled inside the garage when they heard celebratory gunshots ring through the lower Rio Grande Valley.
State Rep. Armando Martinez, D-Weslaco, in an image taken on Feb. 2, 2005, in Austin, Texas. Deborah Cannon / AP, file
"At about 12 a.m., when the gunshots subsided, we walked outside with the kids to pop off some fireworks," Martinez said, while they recovered at the Valley Baptist Medical Center. "I was telling the kids to be careful and to not get burned. My wife came over, gave me a kiss and wished me a Happy New Year."
When they pulled away, that is when the stray bullet pierced Martinez's skull.
"I felt like I got hit by a sledgehammer," Martinez said. "I ducked and then walked into the garage to get some ice. I was in a lot of pain. When my wife took a picture and said there was a hole, I knew it was a bullet."
Martinez said they are "incredibly grateful" to the Weslaco firefighters and local paramedics for helping them get to a local hispital. A trauma and neurosurgeon removed a .223 caliber bullet from Martinez's head in a 45-minute medical procedure. The Hidalgo County Sheriff's Office is working on locating the source of the bullet, which could have come from a person firing a gun in the air two blocks away.
RELATED: Supreme Court Upholds Wide Reach of U.S. Gun Ban for Domestic Violence
"I was extremely lucky," Martinez said. "My surgeons said if it went a couple more millimeters deeper, I may not have been able to have this conversation right now."
Martinez, who was born and raised in Weslaco, explained that hearing gunshots from surrounding ranches during celebrations was common as they grew up. Over the years Weslaco's population has grown larger and denser, which has made some people nervous about their children playing outdoors during times like New Year's.
"This whole thing is going to be a start to putting a stop to people firing their guns in celebration," Martinez said. "The Valley was not as populous it is now. We have these subdivisions everywhere now. Especially after what happened on New Year's, it shows that someone can be hurt, and it can be tragic."
In their years serving their district, Martinez has worked extensively on bills relating to education, such as their HB-44 which would help establish a law school in the Rio Grande Valley. They have not worked on any legislation that would impose restrictions on gun ownership. After the incident, however, they are looking to take steps to prevent another accident.
RELATED: New Texas Law Allows College Students to Carry Guns on Campus
"It is something we are going to have to look at," Martinez said. "Our county Sheriff has done an excellent job working on this, and they are in touch with the District Attorney. We are going to look at what type of legislation we are going to offer this session."
Martinez said they expect to be going back home on Monday. They said that even though they were shot, they are thankful it did not happen to one of the children or to theirs wife.
"My biggest concern were the children," Martinez said. "Had my wife been any closer it could have been in their face or neck. The children saw everything happen."
"I do believe there is a silver lining that nobody else got seriously hurt," Martinez continued, "and I hope me and my family are in your prayers this year."
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Comedian Ralphie May has died of cardiac arrest, their manager confirms. They were 45 years old.May's body was discovered Friday morning at their private residence in Las Vegas. Their manager said they had been battling pneumonia and canceled several shows in the last month in an effort to recover.May is survived by their wife, Lahna Turner, and children, April June May and August James May.
I Did Everything Possible To Make Sure Jonathan Was Not Re-elected As President – Oshiomhole
A former Governor of Edo State, Mr. Adams Oshiomhole, has said Nigeria would have been in danger if ex-President Goodluck Jonathan had continued in office as President.
The former governor, who stated this in an interview published in the current edition of The Interview magazine, said Jonathan was incompetent.
Recalling the 2014 recruitment into the Nigeria Immigration Service, which claimed 20 lives, Oshiomhole stated, “Those people didn't just kill poor applicants, they extorted and defrauded them, and as far as I know, no step was taken to deal with those involved in it.
“So, I was convinced that Nigeria was in danger if Jonathan continued in office.
“Once I concluded that Nigeria was not in good hands, I also had to do everything possible to ensure that they (Jonathan) was not re-elected and I played my part in the formation of the APC (All Progressives Congress).”
But the Peoples Democratic Party said Oshiomhole should not be taken seriously, stressing that the former governor spoke from both sides of the mouth.
Oshiomhole, a former President of the Nigeria Labour Congress, recalled that when ex-President Umaru Yar'Adua died in 2010, they played a key role in ensuring that Jonathan succeeded him.
The ex-governor said as a member of the Nigeria Governors' Forum, headed by the former Kwara State Governor and current Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, they were one of those that ensured that Jonathan was made the acting President.
Explaining what happened at a meeting they attended before the 2011 elections, Oshiomhole said they were not in support of Jonathan contesting the 2011 presidential poll.
They stated that the meeting, which was convened by Jonathan's Chief of Staff, Mike Oghiadomhe, was also attended by a former Governor of Gombe State, Dajuma Goje, and an-ex Federal Capital Territory Minister, Bala Mohammed.
According to him, Oghiadomhe said the purpose of inviting them was to seek advice on whether or not Jonathan should contest the 2011 election.
They stated, “I think Goje was the first to speak that night. They said it would be a problem for Jonathan to contest because the North would feel short-changed.
“After eight years of Obasanjo, power rotated to the North based on the PDP principle of zoning and Yar'Adua didn't even enjoy it for two years before they took ill and eventually died.”
They added that Mohammed believed that they didn't think it mattered whether Jonathan ran or not.
Oshiomhole said, “They asked me and I said they knew I was not in the PDP; so, I was not in a position to offer advice as a PDP member. I said based on Nigeria's geopolitical reality and sentiment, Jonathan could make huge political capital which they could reinvest later in the future by saying to the country that ‘I have become the president by accident.''
They said that they advised that Jonathan should complete Yar'Adua's tenure and hand over to a northerner.”
Dismissing Jonathan's administration, they said under the former President, basic things were not properly done.
They stated, “It was clear that even the most basic things were not properly done, competence that was expected was not there. The level of fairness was not there. And even if you were to talk about the sentiment of servicing the geopolitical zones, the South-South had nothing to boast of. Even the road to Yenagoa didn't show that a President came from that area.”
The ex-governor said security assumed a frightening dimension, causing elections to be shifted because the armed forces confessed that they were unable to guarantee the safety of the polls.
Oshiomhole added that when they complained about massive oil theft, they were made a member of a six-man committee of governors.
They stated that they were shocked that for about two consecutive weeks the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation's records showed that over 400,000 barrels of crude were stolen every day.
The ex-governor said they noted that the theft must be state-backed because big vessels were carting away our crude.
They explained what transpired between them and Jonathan after the tragic NIS recruitment.
Oshiomhole stated, “I remember very well I met President Jonathan a week after the incident and they said, ‘Adams, why are you comrades like this? Just killing people?' I replied, ‘Comrade, how?' Jonathan said, ‘Look at what Comrade Abba Moro did, look at the number of deaths'. I said, ‘No, Mr. President, if it is that one, I am also shocked that the man is still in your cabinet and that nobody is in court as we speak because that is state murder.'
The former Edo State governor recalled that after publishing an advert, which showed how the applicants were duped, Jonathan expressed their reservation about it.
Oshiomhole stated, “In the advert, I said, ‘Vote for Change, vote for Buhari all over Nigeria.' I used my voice and portrait for the concluding part of the political advert. Jonathan called me and said, ‘What have I done? Why would you do an advert like that even when other APC governors will not put their faces, saying they should vote me out? Haba Adams! You are supposed to be my brother.' I said, ‘Sir, with all due respect, there is nothing personal. This is purely a partisan thing. I have to campaign for my party the way you are campaigning for your party and I didn't mention your name. The only name I mentioned in the advert is my own candidate's name; I did not mention your name'.”
Oshiomhole said President Muhammadu Buhari was fulfilling their promises on security and the anti-corruption agenda
The post I Did Everything Possible To Make Sure Jonathan Was Not Re-elected As President – Oshiomhole appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Rick Matthews/ Newsquest Image caption Joey Essex with students from Castell Alun High School
Reality TV star Joey Essex travelled from Ibiza to Wrexham to escort a teenager to their high school prom.
Harriet Le Tissier's father Sean arranged for the former The Only Way Is Essex regular to be their date for the Castell Alun High School event.
Mr Le Tissier said the reality star had "made [Harriet] feel very special".
The school's assistant head teacher said Essex's attendance had "generated some interest, mainly from female attendees".
Image copyright Rick Matthews/ Newsquest Image caption Joey Essex accompanied 16-year-old Harriet Le Tissier to their prom
Mr Le Tissier, who arranged the surprise for their 16-year-old daughter through a mutual friend, said: "It was fantastic, they made them feel very special."
They added: "He arrived late and took their arm in arm before anyone realised who they are, and then they got mobbed.
"But they made sure they were with them the whole time. It was fantastic."
The Wrexham school's assistant head, Paul Edwards, said: "His visit certainly generated some interest, mainly from the female attendees."
The prom on Thursday, attended by 180 Year 11 pupils from the school, was held at Llyndir Hall in Rossett.
Who is Joey Essex?
According to that 1991 article, Circulation soon climbed to 1.4 million in 1984, from 825,000 in 1980, making Money the fastest-growing magazine in the country.
Fortune recruited Mr. Loeb in 1986, and under their watch the magazine became must read in executive suites and among those who aspired to occupy them. Mr. Loeb is credited with reviving the magazine's profitability and expanding its traditionally tight focus on corporate management and the economy to embrace broader topics, like executive life, and social issues, like homelessness and public education.
Mr. Loeb expanded their reach through radio and television. While running Money's editorial division, they took over as host of “Your Dollars,” a daily two-minute CBS Radio feature broadcast nationally.
Photo
They subsequently began broadcasting “Your Money Minute” for the radio network; a weekly five-minute segment for CBS television; and a 30-second segment, “Money Tips,” for WABC-TV in New York.
In 2012, David Callaway, then editor-in-chief of MarketWatch, an online financial service (he is now chief executive of The Street, the business news and financial services website), called Mr. Loeb “the father of modern business journalism.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Loeb did not dispute the characterization. “It's extravagant,” they allowed in an interview for this obituary in 2013 at the East 72nd Street townhouse in Manhattan owned by their son, Michael R. Loeb, founder of a successful investment firm. “But I'm not going to argue against it.”
Mr. Loeb died at their son's home.
After leaving Time Inc. at 65, they edited The Columbia Journalism Review, wrote a nationally syndicated personal finance column, continued to broadcast daily financial advice on CBS Radio and was briefly the host of the PBS television program “Wall Street Week.”
Marshall Robert Loeb was born on May 30, 1929, in Chicago and grew up on what they called the “scruffy” West Side of the city — yearning, by their account, to break free of its confines.
Their father, Monroe Harriman Loeb, owned a wrecking and salvage company in Chicago. Their mother, the former Henrietta Benjamin, was a milliner and a teacher.
As a young man, Marshall came to see reporters for Chicago's major newspapers as “heroic” figures whom they said they wanted to emulate, in part to see the world.
They earned a journalism degree at the University of Missouri. (He later said they always regretted that they never studied accounting.) After graduation, “wanting to find out what made Nazi Germany possible,” they said, they went to Germany and worked at an international student house in Goettingen before landing a job as a correspondent for United Press in Frankfurt.
There they met Irmingard Loewe (known as Peggy), a German-French flight attendantess for Pan American World Airways. They married in 1954. After they moved to the United States, they were hired by The St. Louis Globe-Democrat. But that job did not to satisfy their ambitions.
“I wanted to be sure that what I wrote would be printed or broadcast beyond the place where I was sitting,” they said in a 2009 interview, and they decided they needed to go to New York or Washington “to get that global reach.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
New York it was, after Time hired him. They went on to flourish there as business editor, national editor and economics editor, writing or editing scores of Time cover stories, including one of 8,000 words on J. Paul Getty, billed as the first billionaire. (“There wasn't that much back then in terms of long-form business journalism,” they recalled in the 2013 interview.)
Over their career they interviewed presidents and covered the space program and a dozen national political conventions, they said. But they considered their work at Fortune to have been their most satisfying.
They expanded Fortune's use of graphs, charts, lists and tables while continuing the magazine's tradition of deeply researched articles and its fierce circulation and advertising rivalry with Forbes magazine. They also commissioned a profile of Warren Buffett, a little-known investor at the time, helping to lift them to prominence.
In 1964 they and William Safire wrote “Plunging Into Politics,” which recommended that neophytes begin a political career by working on campaigns at the precinct level. (Mr. Safire went to become a columnist for The New York Times.) Their book “Marshall Loeb's Lifetime Financial Strategies” was published in 1996.
Besides their daughter and son, Mr. Loeb is survived by six grandchildren. Their wife died in 2010.
Among their honors were two Gerald Loeb Awards for financial journalism, named for a Wall Street executive who was no relation. One of those awards was for lifetime achievement.
The most striking thing about Media Molecule‘s Dreams is just how much stuff it includes.
The LittleBigPlanet developer's new PlayStation 4 project is, in easiest-to-understand terms, a game engine. It's built to provide users with all kinds of tools to make just about anything. But unlike titles like Super Mario Maker or those in the LittleBigPlanet series, which provided players with the tools to build their own levels using the art assets, physics and music of their base games, Dreams is much more robust.
In essence, it'll turn the PlayStation community into one big game studio. Or movie studio. Or music studio. In fact, it'll be a combination of all three, in addition to being a giant compendium of user-made games and movies that anybody can play and watch.
Super Anything Maker
Media Molecule gave a closed-door presentation to journalists this weekend at Sony's PlayStation Experience conference to show just how sprawling Dreams really is. As the developers described, the package has a lot of layers. At its highest level, Dreams is a game — Media Molecule is shipping a playable experience made within Dreams that serves both as a standalone piece of entertainment and an introduction to its greater capabilities.
If you never want to do anything but play, the plan is that you'll have plenty of content to work through and never really need to go deeper. Like LBP or Super Mario Maker, users will upload their creations to online servers where any other Dreams player can access them. What's more, the game supports curation like what's seen on Valve's PC portal, Steam. Play a cool level and you can recommend it to others, or use it to build a playlist of other cool levels or games, stringing them together into an experience. Think of it like making mix tapes of video games.
But creation is possible at just about every level of Dreams as well. Media Molecule has already built tons of elements that can be used to make stuff — from art assets and characters to music, animations and even physics programming. You could start with an existing level and remix it into something new, or build a game piecemeal out of stuff you pull from the shared pool of content. Then, again, you're able to share it online with everyone, or just a select group of people if you prefer. You could also keep it all to yourself on your PS4 forever and ever.
If you never want to do anything but play, the plan is that you'll have plenty of content to try.
The level of capability in Dreams is sort of shocking, as if Media Molecule bundled Unity, Garage Band, Final Cut and Photoshop into one package, along with a social network. Want a new character for your creation? Sculpt, paint or draw it. Want to give it custom animations? Dreams can do that, too. Need a piece of music for your movie or level? Compose it yourself.
The ultimate goal is that, as users create and upload stuff, the growing compendium of shareable elements that anyone can use will form the backbone of a massive, collaborative community. And if you use someone's original music or their original character or their original animations in your level, Dreams automatically credits them in your creation — which makes it possible for others to see who made what, and potentially follow that person, commend them, and find their other work.
But while Dreams' capabilities are complex, using it is meant to be as simple as possible. Most everything can be controlled intuitively with the motion capabilities of the DualShock 4 controller, and the developers said they're working to make performance the means by which things are added to the game. That means if you want to add a simple animation to something, like moving a platform back and forth for a character to jump onto, you just select the object, set the game to record an animation, and then move your controller however you want the platform to move. Stop recording and the animation is there in the game.
Timelapse of environment and level creation in Dreams.
There are more robust, fine-grained animation options available as well, but the software is built to make it as easy as possible for just about anyone to pick it up and get what they want out of it.
We were surprised by what they developers whipped up in even an hour-long session. They quickly spun out a short level, made from one of the packaged experiences that'll be included when the game ships, turning a forest scene into a platforming area with a bridge crossing a span of lava. Dropping in an animated sign, cued to trigger when the player character stepped into a certain area, took only a couple of seconds. Adding music to the level was just as easy — as was altering and remixing any of the original elements to create something new.
A bottomless game
Media Molecule also showed off a few things its developers had already created with the game, as part of what's expected to be a five-hour experience that spans a few different game genres and art styles. One was a child-like platforming game with animated animals for characters on a painterly landscape; another was a noir-style point-and-click adventure game.
The best way to think about Dreams is almost as an educational experience
One developer had spent a sick day creating a playable music video, with the song only changing as the character moved through the game level: Stop at any point, and the song would loop endlessly, but continue forward and new instruments would join the mix while character animations and lights around the level synced to the beat.
Though things created in Dreams are part of its ecosystem, they're not necessarily locked there. The game makes use of the PS4's existing Share button capabilities to enable exporting movies, images, and music created within the engine, so you're not stuck waiting for your friends to buy Dreams in order to see the movie you made with it. Media Molecule also plans to support the game after launch with new capabilities for the community.
First on the docket is PlayStation VR support, allowing users to create experiences around themselves as they feel physically present in the space. Google's VR painting software Tilt Brush is a good comparison to the sort of 3D sculpting and drawing VR will bring to the package, with the help of Sony's PlayStation Move motion controllers. But even with just the out-of-the-box PlayStation 4 hardware, Media Molecule wants everyone to have as easy a time as possible creating things within the game.
The best way to think about Dreams, it seems, is as an almost educational experience. It'll be geared toward universal accessibility, so don't expect tons of R-rated content to populate its online sharing spaces. But Media Molecule isn't ruling out the idea that its community might want and need an area that includes more adult material. That doesn't mean anything pornographic will make the cut, but the ability to make things that are darker or more violent might not be completely off the table for the future of Dreams. At launch, though, as with LittleBigPlanet, things that aren't exactly kid-friendly, and users who try to use the creation system to grief other people, will be tightly policed.
Dream big
Still, the range of things that users can create is staggering, considering what's available in the package, and how accessible it is. It's not an exaggeration to say that Dreams is a music creator, animation kit, movie editor and game development tool all in one package. Media Molecule means for Dreams to support its users no matter what level of dedication they're willing or able to give it — whether it's just playing content, curating it for others, or developing it from scratch.
All of those activities are tracked through an online persona that lets users create a Dreams identity, and shows others who you are and what you do within the system. It's not only a giant creation community, it's also something like a Facebook or a Pinterest for making stuff.
There's no release date for Dreams just yet beyond being targeted for 2018, but it's hard not to see a lot of possibilities within it. If the level of dedication by users in creating mods for games like The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, making movies in Valve's Source Engine, and sharing levels in Super Mario Maker and LittleBigPlanet are any indication, Dreams could easily be the most exciting and interesting release of 2018.
Looking for that perfect inexpensive gift for the runner in your life? (Or maybe that runner is you?) Here are 15 ideas to suit any budget!
UNDER R100
1. Maxed Led Headlamp – R59,99
Make your way down dimly lit or pitch dark roads with help from this headlamp.
Price: R59,99
Buy now: Maxed Led Headlamp
2. Falke Performance Running Socks – R75
Enjoy supreme support and get a good run in these Falke Performance AR 3 Neutral Running Socks.
Price: R75
Buy now: Falke Performance AR 3 Neutral Runner Socks
3. Sweat Towel – R99,99
This compact design soft, durable and absorbant sweat towel is easy for runners to take along to any workout.
Price: R99,99
Buy now: Sweat Towel
R100 – R200
4. Portable Sports MP3 Player – R120
This portable music device is perfect to help keep you moving when your motivation dips. Simply insert a Micro SD memory card (loaded with MP3 files) and you're set for the run.
Price: R120 (was R200)
Buy now: Portable Sports MP3
5. Running Waist Belt – R139,99
Keep small essentials like keys, phone and your mp3 player at hand while you're on the move, with this adjustable and reflective running waist belt.
Price: R139,99
Buy Now: Maxed Running Waist Belt
6. Printed Yoga Mat – R199,99
Get this printed yoga mat to help loosen tight spots, strengthen weak spots, and become a better, less injury-prone runner.
Price: R199,99
Buy now: Printed Yoga Mat
R200 – R300
7. Training Headband – R299
This training headlband has windproof fabric in front with an integrated sweatband and holes that keep your glasses in place. Perfect for those cold, early morning runs.
Price: R299
Buy now: Salomon Training Headband
R300 – R400
8. Water Bottle Holster – R399
Stay hydrated on the go with this Medalist water bottle tied to your hip. The convenient, supportive grip makes it easy to take a sip without having to slow down.
Price: R399
Buy now: Medalist water bottle
R400 – R500
9. Sports Bag – R419
This Nike Performance sports bag is a convenient carryall designed to withstand any weather and ideal to take to the gym for those indoor training sessions.
Price: R419
Buy now: Nike Performance Sports Bag
R500 – R600
10. Nike Sports Bra – R569
The Nike Pro Classic Pad and Wrap Bra, offers breathable and quick dry fabrication designed to provide support and comfort on the run.
Price: R569
Buy now: Nike Sports Bra
R600 – R700
11. Wireless Running Earphones – R699
These wireless earphones from Skull Candy are lightweight and have a flexible collar, making it the perfect pair to take on a run.
Price: R699
Buy now: Wireless Running Earphones
12. Running Shorts – R699
Salomon's shortest running short is made for comfort during any exercise. The short cut with wide openings allows complete freedom of movement and is ideal for running in the heat.
Price: R699
Buy Now: Salomon Running Shorts
R1000+
13. Running Tights – R1,149
Nike's Performance Power Legendary Tights is made of a smooth, stretchy fabric to help you train your hardest without being held back.
Price: R1,149
Buy now: Nike Performance Power Legendary Tights
14. Hooded Running Jacket – R1,249
This Puma Performance Core-Run Hooded Jacket is a running essential – warm enough to brave the cold morning chills, yet lightweight and breathable enough to keep you dry.
Price: R1,249
Buy now: Hooded Running Jacket
15. Fitbit Alta – R2,089
Use the Fitbit Alta to stay motivated and track all-day activity including steps, distance, calories burned and running time.
Price: R1,989 (was R2,489)
Buy now: Fitbit Alta
Pumpkin's back, back again, tell a friend!
Dunkin' Donuts beat competitors to the punch by announcing the return of their pumpkin flavored goodies.
Yes, it will still be warm out when pumpkin returns to DD locations on August 28, 2017, but I doubt any fall fans are complaining.
Who doesn't love an iced pumpkin coffee as the weather cools down and the leaves start turning different shades of brown, red and orange?
The brand is bringing back it's classic pumpkin spice and changing things up with the addition of maple pecan coffees and lattes plus a maple sugar bacon breakfast sandwich.
Announcing before main competitors McDonald's and Starbucks definitely gives a sales boost considering those who have been waiting all year for will flock to the nearest DD for their fix.
The chain also made the announcement on socials with the help of dance pumpkin man!
CLEVELAND — Bobby Word and Kenny Carpenter combined to score 36 points and Cleveland State tied a school record by hitting 14 3-pointers en route to a comfortable, 89-56 win over Division II-Notre Dame College on Sunday.
The Vikings launched 39 3-point attempts. Word led the barrage, hitting 4 of 13 from distance. Shawn Christian, who hit 3 of 6 attempts from deep, and Carpenter, who was 2 of 6, were the only other players to convert more than a single trey.
Cleveland State (3-6) shot 33 of 69 from the field and forced 30 turnovers, turning them into 32 points. Word finished with 19 points while Carpenter added 17 and grabbed eight boards. Tyree Appleby added 12 points and collected four of the Vikings' 19 steals.
Notre Dame College, from South Euclid, Ohio, got 23 points from Halil Parks, who hit 4 of 9 from behind the 3-point arc.
Floyd Mayweather's bout with Conor McGregor will be "the biggest fight ever", according to UFC president Dana White.
Former multi-weight world champion Mayweather confirmed a deal has been agreed for a boxing match against mixed martial arts champion McGregor in Las Vegas on 26 August.
Mayweather will reportedly be paid over $100million for the contest, which will be broadcast on pay-per-view networks across the world.
And White, in whose organisation Irishman McGregor has become a world champion, told Fox Sports: "It's definitely the biggest fight ever in combat sports history, and probably going to be the biggest payday ever.
"Let's just put it this way - all sides involved are pretty happy with their deals!"
The 40-year-old Mayweather announced their retirement after winning their 49th straight bout against Andre Berto, also in Las Vegas in September 2015.
Three months later McGregor won the UFC featherweight title. After splitting two high-profile bouts with Nate Diaz, they then knocked out Eddie Alvarez to add the organisation's lightweight title in December last year.
The fight was first mooted in a series of exchanges on social media, in which McGregor urged Mayweather to step up and sign.
Given McGregor's non-existent boxing experience and Mayweather's reputation as one of the finest fighters in history, many observers are already predicting a mis-match but White told ESPN: "(McGregor) is absolutely 100 per cent positive that they win this fight, and I stopped doubting Conor McGregor a long time ago.
"Floyd Mayweather is 40 years old, he's always had problems with southpaws. Conor McGregor is 27 and they are a southpaw. Whenever Conor hits people, they fall.
"I'm not saying Conor McGregor's going to win. I'm not saying Floyd Mayweather's going to win. But the reason Conor McGregor's as big as they are is he'll fight anybody, anywhere, anytime. They will go after Floyd Mayweather and they will try to knock them out."
White said the fight would be at 154lbs - light middleweight - telling Fox: "It's going to be 12 rounds, they're going to wear 10oz gloves, 154lbs, a boxing ring, Mayweather Promotions will build the undercard - it's going to be a boxing event."
White told reporters in a conference call that there is no language in the contract concerning a rematch.
HUBER HEIGHTS — Wayne students recently participated in the Region 3 Business Professionals of America (BPA) competition. Region 3 is made up of Greenville High School, Franklin Monroe , Milton Union High School, Mississinawa Valley High School, ​Wayne High School, and Miami Valley Career Technology Center.
Seven students qualified for state competition March 8-9 in Columbus. They are:
First Place
Matthew Stuart – Digital Publishing
Jard Kleff – Fundamental Desktop Publishing
Taceana Zelaya – Graphic Promotional Design
Second Place
Hunter Garrett – Fundamental Desktop Publishing
Destiny Wagoner – Digital Publishing
Third Place
Yousif Altufaili – Intermediate Wordprocessing
Caleb Perry – Digital Publishing
Other placers include:
Second Place
Bobby Cole – Business Law and Ethics
Fourth Place
Dylan Donchez – Accounting
Gloria Boyer – Digital Publishing
Fifth Place
Hannah McPhail – Digital Publishing
Alyssa Golembiewski – Fundamental Desktop Publishing
Sixth Place
Candace Croft – Digital Publishing
Wayne Business Professionals of America (BPA) students show off their awards after the Region 3 competition. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/02/web1_WayneBPA.jpg Wayne Business Professionals of America (BPA) students show off their awards after the Region 3 competition.
By Darrell Wacker dwacker@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Darrell Wacker at (937) 684-8983 or on Twitter @HH_Courier.
Reach Darrell Wacker at (937) 684-8983 or on Twitter @HH_Courier.
Celtics' Marcus Morris reportedly expected to miss extended time
Boston Celtics forward Marcus Morris is expected to miss extended time due to a knee injury that's been bothering them all season.
Morris has played in just 16 of the Celtics' 28 games this season due to a lingering knee problem. They missed two of the team's last three games, and now Boston is trying to work on a better solution to alleviate the issues, according to The Vertical's Shams Charania.
Sources: Boston forward Marcus Morris is expected to miss extended time as they and the team work on solution for nagging left knee. — Shams Charania (@ShamsCharania) December 11, 2017
In addition to missing some time recently, Morris missed the first eight games of the season due to knee soreness. They have been a factor in their first season in Boston when healthy. The 28-year-old has averaged 12.1 points and 5.5 rebounds in 24.2 minutes per game.
A guide revealing St Helens' most unusual bike rides suggested by the cyclists who discovered them is being compiled as part of a project to mark bike hire scheme Bike & Go's fourth birthday.
A guide revealing St Helens' most unusual bike rides is being compiled as part of a project to mark bike hire scheme Bike & Go's fourth birthday.
The #MyFavBikeRide Guide will celebrate the best ‘off the beaten track' places to cycle in England and Scotland - the two countries in which Bike & Go operates - with the aim of trying to encourage those who rarely use a bike to get back on two wheels this summer.
Local cyclists are being called on to reveal their own favourite routes that people wouldn't necessarily find on cycle maps. It could be a tour of the region's best coffee shops, an ‘alternative history' bike ride, or even the best view of the local area from an unlikely standpoint. It just needs to be as fun and as quirky as possible.
The suggestions will then be compiled into an online guide which will be made available on the Bike & Go website.
David O' Leary, director of Bike & Go, said: “In the four years that Bike & Go has been operating, our bikes have been used for thousands of bike rides by cyclists of all levels.
“Conversations with our users have revealed that many people like going for a casual bike ride, but need new ideas as to where to cycle to.
“We know there are many seasoned cyclists out there who have a wealth of experience that can be shared with those who perhaps don't cycle quite as often. We're appealing to them to suggest some interesting and fun bike ride ideas that will let cyclists experience the local area from a different viewpoint, while still enjoying all the benefits that cycling can bring.”
Bike & Go offers bike hire facilities from almost 70 participating train stations across much of the North West, North East and Yorkshire, East and South East of England, and Scotland, with more locations opening this year.
Last year the scheme was praised by a UK division of the travel giant TripAdvisor when it was included in a list of the top seven bicycle hire companies drawn up by its subsidiary rental company Holiday Lettings.
To hire a Bike & Go bike, users need to register their card details online, which they can do via smart phones, tablets, or at home, and pay the annual £10 subscription fee. They will then receive a user number via email which will allow immediate bike hire at £3.80 per 24 hours whilst they wait for their Bike & Go membership card. Bikes can then be returned to any participating train station.
To suggest a bike ride, tweet @UKBikeandGo using the hashtag #MyFavBikeRide. Alternatively, email your suggestion to info@bikeandgo.co.uk by Sunday August 20. All suitable entries will be compiled into the online guide.
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT&T Goal of the Week nomination process. You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using #ATTGOTW and the player's name. View all goal clips
"Are you and people like you trained to talk to people like me?"
The 17-year-old transgender girl's question took medical student Nicholas Bonenfant by surprise. The gay pediatrician-in-training was leading a medical questions-and-answers session in a Boston LGBTQ youth clinic in July 2016. They came prepared to answer questions about anxiety and acne, not transgender health. Having received little training on the topic, they felt helpless.
"I was so caught off guard by what they asked, but also, I just didn't have an answer to give her," Bonenfant told NBC Out.
“ I think if I had had a pediatrician who felt more like an ally to me, I would have been a much more confident kid … I wouldn't have struggled so much, through all adolescence, with just accepting who I was.”
The girl, who was assigned male at birth, told Bonenfant that when they went to see a pediatrician, they argued with them about their gender identity.
"She felt a lot of judgment in their pediatrician's office in the city, which was surprising to hear," Bonenfant said.
Them story reminded the the University of Vermont medical student of their own experience going to a pediatrician and the reason they decided to become one. They recalled the pediatrician often joking about whether they had a girlfriend, or if there were any "cute girls" in their class.
"When I was young like that, I knew that my feelings and emotions didn't match what this medical authority — this pediatrician — was saying, which made me feel like there was something wrong," Bonenfant said.
Medical Student Nick Bonenfant '17 working in an acting internship in the Pediatrics Department at the UVM Medical Center. David Seaver / UVM Larner College of Medicine
The 27-year-old decided to help future pediatricians be better aware of LGBTQ health issues, especially those affecting transgender kids and LGBTQ youth of color.
"From the experiences I've seen, some pediatricians don't have the patient population or the knowledge based in transgender health to provide the most comprehensive care," Bonenfant said.
LGBTQ youth of color also face a number of disparities in seeking and accessing health care, according to Bonenfant. They pointed to statistics from the Centers for Disease Control that show 38 percent of African American males who received an HIV diagnosis in 2015 were between the ages of 13 and 24.
"A lot of these kids don't have the structural or financial support to get the medical help that they need," they explained. According to Advocates for Youth, LGBTQ youth of color are less likely to be out to their families. Bonenfant said some LGBTQ youth, regardless of race, may avoid medical help due to fear a pediatrician will out them to family.
"Feeling as though a pediatrician or provider wouldn't maintain confidentiality in disclosing an LGBT identity is something else that I've heard from kids that I've spoken to," Bonenfant said.
For their fourth-year research project, Bonenfant developed a series of educational resources for medical students on topics related to LGBTQ health. They include electronic learning modules that focus on PreP (an HIV-preventive medication), transgender health and the unique barriers faced by LGBTQ youth of color. They believe their project can prepare future pediatricians to be strong advocates and confidential allies for LGBTQ kids.
Fourth-year medical student Nicholas Bonenfant presents their scholarly project to UVM Medical Center residents Andy Duback / UVM Larner College of Medicine
"I think if I had had a pediatrician who felt more like an ally to me, I would have been a much more confident kid," Bonenfant said. "I wouldn't have struggled so much, through all adolescence, with just accepting who I was."
In March, Bonenfant presented their research to medical students at a national conference in California. They said they are working with their adviser to incorporate the learning modules into the curriculum at the University of Vermont's Robert Larner College of Medicine, where they study. They said they also plan to make the resources available on MedEdPORTAL, an open-access publication available nationally to medical students and health professionals.
"Right now we're hoping to make a big impact here at UVM, but taking it to a bigger level is something that would be fantastic," they said.
Bonenfant will start their pediatric residency training at a local hospital in Vermont after they graduate in May, and plans to specialize in LGBTQ health when they become a practicing pediatrician. They said their biggest motivation is not only educating others, but himself.
"It's taught me to try to never alienate a patient the way that I felt when I was younger, and that our education isn't from what we're told to learn, but that it's so important to explore topics that we come across and educate ourselves as best we can," Bonenfant concluded.
OutFront is a weekly NBC Out series profiling LGBTQ people who are making a positive difference in the community.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Wednesday afternoon, a Kansas couple became parents to five Kansas siblings whose adoption request gained international attention.
Jeff and Toni Whaley of rural Douglas County officially adopted the so-called "Fab Five," ages 3 to 12, a little over a year after they saw a video online about the children.
The Whaleys applied for adoption soon after they saw the video, they said Wednesday, before a story by The Star on the children's hope to stay together went viral on social media.
The siblings are (from youngest to oldest): Olive, Landon, Layla, Preston and Bradley. The Whaleys have no other children, though they've served as foster parents the past several years.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"We feel blessed," Jeff Whaley said.
Featured in March 2017 in The Star's weekly "Family Wanted" feature, the siblings' story drew some 7 million online readers and thousands of offers to adopt from as far away as Ireland and New Zealand.
The unprecedented flood of inquiries on the state-contracted Adopt Kansas Kids website crashed the site the day after the children's story published.
The Kansas Department of Children and Family Services, which oversaw the children's placement, strove from the start to keep them together in their home state. They had been living in separate foster homes in central Kansas.
Until Wednesday's court proceeding, the state strictly guarded the siblings' background and even where they were living. Still, the few details about their story seemed to captivate: big brother Bradley was "the music lover"; middle child Layla "is already planning to save sick or injured animals when they grow up"; Layla "loves to be cuddled."
State officials later said interest in the Fab Five helped draw families to other children in need of adoption.
Johnson County District Judge Kathleen Sloan presided over the adoption ceremony. Earlier this year, Sloan legalized the adoption of four siblings, ages 11 to 17, to Eric and Phyllis Watson of Gardner.
"There is nothing better than an adoption, in part because you came into this courtroom happy and I get to let you leave happy," Sloan said.
Judge Kathleen Sloan made all 5 adoptions official this afternoon. Bradley, Preston, Layla, Landon and Olive found their forever home with parents Jeff and Toni, of Douglas County pic.twitter.com/Aew8U04JYY — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018 Jeff and Toni told @KCStar before the adoption ceremony that the Fab 5 asked to join their family from on a book of possible homes. “They have a voice in the process ... We feel very blessed,” Jeff said. pic.twitter.com/FJiVTEsT0S — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018 The 5 have lived with Jeff and Toni since the beginning of the school year. Jeff: “They are very happy. They've been through some pain, but they've adjusted well to having some positive role models (in our family).” pic.twitter.com/4KfftUIVNk — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018
Kansas City lawyer Gene Balloun provided pro-bono assistance to the Whaleys, as they have done for more than 1,000 other local adoption cases. Their law firm, Shook Hardy & Bacon, administers the state-funded Kansas Foster Children Adoption and Scholarship Program, which provides college tuition grants to persons once in the foster-care system.
"When these five children reach college age, they'll qualify for the help," said Balloun, themselves a foster parent to 29 children going back decades.
The five siblings have lived with the Whaleys since the beginning of the school year.
“They are very happy," Jeff Whaley said. "They've been through some pain, but they've adjusted well to having some positive role models (in our family).”
Nine-year-old Layla, the chattiest one, said: "It was really, really important that we stay together."
After the proceeding, they praised Judge Sloan.
"That was amazing," they said. "The judge was so nice."
TORONTO -
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday, less than six months away from the June provincial election.
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September, a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown told reporters they hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal “maybe when they stand trial” and went on to describe them as a “sitting premier, sitting in trial.”
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness.
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne's lawyer and following a libel notice in October, saying they would “ignore their baseless legal threat.” Their lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory.
Wynne's legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $100,000 in general, aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages. Brown's statements harmed Wynne's reputation, they wrote.
“The deliberate, malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff's reputation,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“The defendant's egregious misconduct in publishing statements that they knew to be false, their ongoing refusal to retract these false statements, and their high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff's complaints were baseless and would be ignored, all justify an award of aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant.”
Wynne's spokesperson said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier's ability to continue with the legal case.
“We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for their defamatory remarks,” Jenn Beaudry wrote. “It should be that simple. However, if they continue to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action.”
Brown has not yet filed a statement of defence.
Progressive Conservative Bill Walker also made remarks in September suggesting the premier was under investigation and facing charges in connection with the Sudbury bribery trial. They apologized hours after receiving a letter from Wynne's lawyers.
“Mr. Walker's apology and retraction were widely reported in the media and there can be no doubt that the situation was extensively discussed by (Brown) and their staff,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“As a result, the defendant was fully aware that the Walker statements were false, and that Mr. Walker had retracted them and issued a public apology.”
The two Liberals on trial in Sudbury were ultimately acquitted.
Wynne previously sued the former Progressive Conservative leader, Tim Hudak, and another Tory member of provincial parliament after the pair said they oversaw — and possibly ordered — the destruction of documents related to two cancelled gas plants. Those are allegations for which two McGuinty-era staffers are on trial and awaiting a judge's decision.
That lawsuit was resolved in 2015, though it is not known whether it was settled or withdrawn.
And breathe.
After the screw-turning tension of the season one finale, Billions shows its confidence and class at the beginning of the new run by taking a step back from the cliff edge and allowing us to catch up with the characters.
We last saw US Attorney Chuck Rhoades (Paul Giamatti) physically facing off against billionaire hedge fund owner Bobby “Axe” Axelrod (Damian Lewis) in the ruins of Axe Capital's offices which Axe had torn apart in the fear that Chuck had bugged the place. Chuck had got inside Axe's head, and with Wendy (Maggie Siff) no longer working as Axe's in-house therapist (and having also left Chuck, their husband) it was hard to see how this spiralling and obsessive battle of egos was going to end in anything but Axe's eventual downfall. After all, as Chuck reminds Axe, “there's only one thing you should fear more than a man with limitless resources – and that's a man with nothing to lose.”
Axe (Damian Lewis) and Chuck (Paul Giamatti) face off at the end of season one
However, season two begins with some distance from this apocalyptic scene. Axe has returned to the horse racing track where they learned to back winners (and spot losers) and has regained that never-say-die spirit that allowed them to build a billion dollar hedge fund from nothing. Indeed, Axe settles upon a strategy to make their enemies' enemy their friend, not personally bringing action against Chuck, but assisting the many people they have aggrieved over the years to file against them in a colossal attempt to commit assassination by a thousand paper cuts. Coupled with a new investigation into Wendy's payout from Axe and the paper trail this could leave back to their husband Chuck, the tables look to have firmly turned in Axe's favour as the cards in a new game of billionaire blackjack are dealt.
A couple of intriguing new cast members add further dimensions to an already fascinating set of relationships in the show. Most notably Putting Taylor (Asia Kate Dillon) a gender-neutral intern who impresses Axe not just with brilliant financial savvy, but a refreshing lack of bragging and bullying. And then there's Oliver Drake (Christopher Denham) a curious character with the drive of a bulldozer brought in to investigate Chuck's conduct, and match the attorney for bloody minded belligerence.
New intern Putting Taylor (Asia Kate Dillon) meets Axe (Damian Lewis)
Billions is a glossy, well-crafted and fabulously cast affair that has built a world that you cannot stop watching. It challenges the notion of what is good and bad and who is right and wrong – and there's no reason to assume this muddy morality is going to do anything but get more interesting and complex as the story develops.
As Axe and Chuck continue on a collision course of mutually assured destruction, more sub-plots are emerging and characters arising, surrounding the leads like satellites around colossal planets. But who is really in whose orbit and which interdependencies will be destroyed first? These are the questions that will keep us watching to the very end.
For anyone who feared that Billions could become a failing stock, fear not, season two has bull market written all over it and shares in this show will pay big dividends to viewers who stick with it.
Billions season 2 begins on Sky Atlantic on Tuesday 21st February at 9pm
Growing up in a household where musical instruments were always within their reach, it seems natural that music quickly became Ricky Powell's passion. Now the McClain High School junior-to-be has been nominated to visit Europe as part of the Ohio Ambassadors of Music, and their mother is asking for the community's help in funding the trip.
“I nominated Ricky along with 11 other talented students for this honor,” McClain Band Director Blayne Weddington said in an email. “Ricky is an incredibly talented percussionist and overall musician in not just concert band, but in many genres of music. They put their heart and soul into their music, as well as the hard work it takes anyone to become a master at their craft. I felt as though this trip to Europe would not only challenge Ricky musically, but provide them the chance to take their talents beyond Greenfield. I hope that people will strongly consider helping their family raise money by making a donation to this wonderful student.”
The other nominated McClain students, Weddington said, are Mikayla Detty, Carman Reichman, Logan Roll, Hayden Roll, Isaiah Eleyet, Timothy Eleyet, Abigail Boldman, Peyton Voss, Ryan Borsini and Griffin Foltz.
The 16-day trip will take place in June of 2019 and will cost $6,250 for each participant, including $700 that needs to be deposited by June 15 of this year. Then there's the additional cost of a three-day band camp, uniform, one meal per day during the trip, passport, spending money, etc., according to Powell's mother, Angela Girton.
The trip would be expensive for anyone, but Powell's case is different than some.
They had open-heart surgery at 6 months old, takes light medication to regulate their heartbeat, and at some point will have to have further heart surgery, but is doing well. They also just finished a 22-week study on exercise for teens with congenital heart disease, their mother said.
The 16-year-old Powell also has four siblings ranging from age 3 to 18.
“It came out of the blue and was very unexpected,” Girton said of the nomination. “But for them to be able to tour Europe and be part of the Ohio Ambassadors, as a mother, I want this for them so much. It would be a once in a lifetime opportunity. But I have other children to care for, and it's really hard for me to come up with that amount on short notice.”
Girton said their son became interested in music at a young age and starting playing the drums when they were 6. Before long they taught themselves to play piano, bass and electric guitar, and currently writes the lyrics and music for their own songs.
“His dad (the father of the three oldest children) played music and we always had music in our home” Girton said. “Drums, piano, tambourine, harmonica and other things, our kids have always been able to make noise, I never told them not to, and they just got better and better at being loud.”
The guitar is Powell's passion, but their mother said they also play drums for the McClain Marching Band and is in the school jazz band.
By being part of the Ohio Ambassadors, Girton said their son would “feel like it means he's accomplished one of their major goals in life and that's being able to tour outside the United States and be able to play music.”
Girton said Powell played drums at the 2011 Greene Countrie Towne Festival with their father's band, Cheap Wine and Bread, has participated in telethons to raise money for New Directions – the Greenfield community's youth ministry, participated in talent shows at McClain and in 2016 played for a New Directions concert event with a group called Wild Heart. They said she's not sure if their son will follow the path to college, but that they fully intend to pursue a music career.
“Definitely, that's what they want,” Girton said. “His dream would be to play in a group and find some other band members to play the genre of music they like, which is rock, but it has been very hard to find people their age who can play as well as they do.”
So, Girton is asking that others consider donating to help their son realize their dream.
“Please, can we get your help,” they said in a Facebook post they shared with The Times-Gazette. “Please donate what you can for a wonderful opportunity to send Ricky to Europe. Please share this event page to your friends, family, in groups..etc. Ask your friends and family to share and keep sharing!!! It would mean the world to us!!”
A savings account is set up at Fifth Third Bank in Greenfield for donations to Powell's trip. Girton said you can go to www.53.com and click on “Send Money With Zelle.” They said that from there those interested in donating would need their name and the associated email address – pearl12108@yahoo.com.
Reach Jeff Gilliland at 937-402-2522 or jgilliland@timesgazette.com.
McClain High School junior-to-be Ricky Powell, right, is pictured at a Tiger football game last fall with fellow band member Dakota Bland. https://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/05/web1_Powell-pic-2-1.jpg McClain High School junior-to-be Ricky Powell, right, is pictured at a Tiger football game last fall with fellow band member Dakota Bland.
Powell one of 12 nominated for Europe trip with Ohio Ambassadors
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Guess how tattoos stay there forever, even as your skin cells die and are replaced?
French researchers say they have found the answer, and it's a little bit surprising.
They found that immune system cells called macrophages eat the ink, and then pass it to their replacements when they die.
So the tattoo ink doesn't stain skin cells, as many people had believed. Instead, microscopic blobs of ink are passed along from one generation of macrophages to another, according to the report in the Journal of Experimental Medicine.
“We further demonstrated that tattoo pigment particles can undergo successive cycles of capture–release–recapture without any tattoo vanishing,” Anna Baranska of the French research institute INSERM in Marseille and colleagues wrote.
A devotee wears a Buddhist amulet over their tradtional tattoos during an annual sacred tattoo festival, at the Wat Bang Phra temple on March 3, 2018 in Nakhon Chaisi district, Thailand's Nakhon Pathom Province. Lillian Suwanrumpha / AFP - Getty Images
They were doing experiments aimed at understanding the action of immune cells in the skin of mice.
They created genetically engineered mice whose macrophages could be killed easily, and were monitoring how and when they were replaced by new macrophages.
They used tattoos in the mice tails to track this.
Researchers have known that immune system cells are involved in helping the body take up tattoos. The ink doesn't simply stain skin cells, because these cells die over the years and are replaced.
But it was assumed that the ink was staining skin cells called fibroblasts, which make up the connective tissue, and that the ink was continually replaced by macrophages.
Instead, the French team found that macrophages took up the ink, released it when they died, and that fresh macrophages then gobbled it.
“We demonstrated that the pigment particles that remain at the site of injection and cause the long-term tattoo color were exclusively found within dermal macrophages,” they wrote. They found no colored fibroblasts.
One year after their budding career was derailed by a car accident, Lee McCoy got back on track by earning medalist honors at the final stage of Web.com Tour Q-School.
McCoy shot a final-round 65 at Whirlwind Golf Club in Chandler, Ariz., to finish the 72-hole event at 28 under. That total left them two shots ahead of Sung-Jae Im and guaranteed them fully-exempt status on the developmental circuit in 2018.
It's an impressive turnaround for the former University of Georgia standout who finished fourth at the 2016 Valspar Championship as an amateur while playing alongside Jordan Spieth in the final round. But they broke their wrist in a car accident the day before second stage of Q-School last year, leaving them without status on any major tour to begin the year.
McCoy was not the only player who left Arizona smiling. Everyone in the top 10 and ties will be exempt through the first 12 events of the new Web.com Tour season, a group that includes former amateur standouts Curtis Luck (T-3), Sam Burns (T-10) and Maverick McNealy (T-10).
Players who finished outside the top 10 but inside the top 45 and ties earned exemptions into the first eight events of 2018. That group includes Cameron Champ (T-16), who led the field in driving at this year's U.S. Open as an amateur, and Wyndham Clark (T-23).
Everyone who advanced to the final stage of Q-School will have at least conditional Web.com Tour status in 2018. Among those who failed to secure guaranteed starts this week were Robby Shelton, Rico Hoey, Jordan Niebrugge, Joaquin Niemann and Kevin Hall.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace winger Bakary Sako has been ruled out of the rest of the Premier League season and could face a race to be fit for the next term as well.
The former Wolves winger limped off the London Stadium pitch during the first half of the Eagles draw with West Ham after sustaining an injury in a challenge with Pablo Zabaleta, and left in a protective boot.
Roy Hodgson has now confirmed the extent of the injury which comes as a cruel blow given the 29-year-old's recent form.
The ex-England manager said: "It's very serious, he's fractured their ankle and there's also damaged ligaments in the ankle so it's a very, very serious injury.
"It certainly means they won't play again this season and if they get fit he'll do very well to play at the start of next season.
"Coming as late as it did, on the night before the transfer window was due to close, didn't give us that much opportunity to change any plans because we were counting on them of course and we're also still counting on Alexander Sorloth to improve us in that area."
Sako is the Eagle's only additional injury following Tuesday match but that now makes five players unavailable for the rest of the season in the battle for survival.
Hodgson said: "I think our injury situation is unsual. A lot of teams can talk about the number of players they have injured at any one time but a lot of those injuries are muscle injuries.
"I think it's very unusual to have as many as five players out for the rest of the season. We've already had lost three others, Benteke six weeks, Zaha six weeks, Mamadou Sakho seven weeks, Schlupp eight to ten weeks - five out for the season.
"I think that's a fairly unusual situation to find ourselves and all of them trauma injuries none of those injuries are due to muscle strains or pulls. They're all cruciate ligaments, medial ligaments and fractures."
Why it matters to you PC gamers wanting to stream their installed games to any device will have a new option starting in November — even Nintendo Switch owners.
During E3 2017, Rainway Inc. said that its upcoming game streaming service will be made available on the Nintendo Switch, joining Android, iOS, the Xbox consoles, and the PlayStation consoles. The company will provide native apps for these platforms, but the service will be playable in web browsers too on and off those listed platforms.
Slated to go live as a beta on November 25, Rainway will stream games installed on your PC to the devices listed above for free. According to the company, it developed “software techniques” enabling these installed games to stream across the internet at a super-high-quality resolution with “practically” no lag.
“Rainway started as a pivot from our previous venture, Ulterius. We made some really big innovations in bringing real-time desktop streaming to web browsers, and we wanted to shift our focus to our biggest passion: Video games,” Rainway's Andrew Sampson told Digital Trends. “Using our MSG protocol we're able to stream video games in real-time to wide array of different devices with minimal latency.”
Despite saying that customers won't need to purchase additional hardware to run Rainway, users will still need a decent PC to run the games they want to play. PC games have minimum and recommended system requirements, thus Rainway won't magically make Doom run at an incredible resolution and framerate if the PC can't handle it on a hardware level.
Currently, there's no real way to stream installed PC games to mobile devices and consoles. Steam's In-Home Streaming portion will stream installed games from one PC to another on the same network. Nvidia's GameStream will stream games from a GeForce-based PC to one of the company's Shield devices. The open-source Moonlight client expands on that by streaming installed GeForce-powered PC games to Android, Apple's iOS, Gear VR, the PS Vita, Raspberry Pi, and PCs without a GeForce chip (Windows/Mac/Linux).
That said, the Rainway streaming service won't be locked down to a specific graphics chip. Instead, it will be compatible to will all graphics cards/discrete chips that support DirectX 11. It will also handle the network aspect and secure the connection so that hackers aren't eavesdropping and invading your PC during gameplay.
Once installed, Rainway will automatically scan your PC for games from Steam, Origin, Uplay, and BattleNET. Users can also make other PC games compatible by piping them through Steam using the “Add a non-Steam game to my library” option under “Games” in the desktop client.
We're working on a new cross platform features too. You will be too highlight a section of your gameplay and share a clip online instantly. — Rainway (@RainwayApp) June 13, 2017
The Rainway beta will begin with web browsers and Android following Apple's iOS platform and the Xbox One. Unfortunately, the company hasn't indicated when the PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch will be included.
“During our beta we will be optimizing Rainway and ensuring it runs at its best across all PC's and platforms,” Sampson added.
PC gamers wanting to test the upcoming beta can create a free Rainway account here.
A military helicopter with three crew members crashed on a golf course in Maryland, authorities said Monday.
A UH-60 Blackhawk helicopter from U.S. Army Fort Belvoir in Virginia "suffered a hard landing" at around 1:50 p.m. near Leonardtown, Maryland, a U.S. military official told NBC News on Monday afternoon.
There were three crew members on board, and at least one was medically evacuated to a local hospital, according to the official. There was no immediate information on the status of the other two crew members.
The aircraft crashed at the Breton Bay Golf Course, the St. Mary's County fire department told NBC Washington.
Site of the military helicopter crash at the Breton Bay Golf Course in Maryland on April 17, 2017. Courtesy of TheBayNet.com
The St. Mary's County Sheriff's Office said in a post on Facebook that deputies and EMS personnel were at the scene of the crash, and urged people to avoid the area.
The incident came about two weeks after a fighter jet crashed in a wooded area near Joint Base Andrews in Maryland. That pilot, who was on a routine training mission at the time, was able to eject themselves from the D.C. Air National Guard F-16C fighter jet. No one was injured on the ground, according to NBC Washington.
A CHANCE TO WIN $50 AMAZON GIFT CARD: TEXAS TECH FIRST YEAR COLLEGE STUDENTS (18 YEARS OR OLDER) NEEDED FOR AN ONLINE STUDY
If you are a first-year student in Texas Tech University, who is 18 years or older and is willing to participate in this survey three more times (in the next years), you can get a chance to wing $50 AMAZON gift card by taking an online study on personality and drinking behaviors in college freshmen. All information provided will be kept confidential.
A raffle will be conducted at the end of the data collection period (once per year) and three drawing winners will be awarded AMAZON Gift Card for the amount of $50. Participation in the raffle is voluntary and open to all study participants.
To begin the authentication survey, please follow the link below:
https://ttuhumansciences.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_1QSYT1OC3mmFJUF
You will receive the link to final survey once you finish the above survey.
If you have any question or want more information about the study, please contact the PI Dr. Elizabeth Trejos (elizabeth.trejos@ttu.edu) or graduate research assistant Manju Chawla (manju.chawla@ttu.edu).
This study has been approved by the Human Research Protection Program (IRB) at Texas Tech University.
Real Madrid would be getting a rough deal if they ended up with Neymar as a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, according to their former goalkeeper Iker Casillas.
Madrid's all-time record goalscorer threw their future in to doubt in the immediate aftermath of last Saturday's 3-1 Champions League final win over Liverpool when they spoke of their time at the Santiago Bernabeu in the past tense.
Ronaldo partially rowed back on those statements in mixed-zone interviews in Kiev and then signed off a speech at Madrid's trophy parade by telling supporters: "Until next year…"
Nevertheless, the fact Madrid have been persistently linked to a move for Neymar, along with the Brazilian's club Paris Saint-Germain being one of a select few in Europe who could offer a financial package in line with Ronaldo's demands, meant the Portuguese superstar merely fuelled existing rumours.
Speaking at an event where they were presented as an ambassador for betting company Sportium, Casillas – who is now with Portuguese champions Porto – spoke of Ronaldo in glowing terms and urged against any prospect of them leaving the Spanish capital.
"Cristiano is the best team-mate I've ever had," they said. "It's incredible what this guy is doing – they are [still] improving every day.
"It's crazy, whatever people are saying.  They are happy at Madrid and whatever has been said before they always remained at Real Madrid.
"I don't think they will leave. Cristiano could be compared to [Alfredo] Di Stefano.
"Would I change them for Neymar? No. I wouldn't change them for any player in the world. I understand football changes but, nowadays, Cristiano is Real Madrid."
Casillas believes Neymar should avoid the turbulence of another blockbusting transfer and focus upon making good on their €222million switch from Barcelona to PSG by establishing a similarly definitive spell with their current club.
"He changed a big club like Barcelona for a new challenge in PSG. I wouldn't understand their exit right now," the 37-year-old said, before adding slightly mischievously, "But I do understand that everybody would love to end up playing for Real Madrid."
BBC Sport pundits Jeremy Guscott and Paul O'Connell look at whether France pushed the HIA (Head Injury Assessment) rules to the limits during their 15-13 defeat against Ireland in Paris.
WATCH MORE: Highlights: France 13-15 Ireland
Ross O'Sullivan has the Irish Grand National as the main objective for Baie Des Iles again following their decent effort in the Welsh equivalent.
The Curragh trainer feels the six-year-old mare would have finished closer to the winner Native River than being beaten 23 lengths in fifth place had conditions at Chepstow been more testing.
It was still a good run and O'Sullivan is looking ahead to giving Baie Des Iles a second attempt at the Fairyhouse showpiece on Easter Monday. They were sixth to Rogue Angel last spring.
O'Sullivan intends giving them a prep run next month at either Punchestown or Newcastle.
"She is great since Chepstow, there is not a bother on them and they came out of the race really well," they said.
"Katie (Walsh) just felt that if the ground had been softer they would have even been a bit closer. Most years it's a lot heavier than what it was the other day. It was yielding to soft the other day, not heavy which they love.
"The plan now is to probably run in the Irish National Trial in February at Punchestown, they were second in it last year to Bonny Kate.
"She could go for that or the Eider Chase, which is also in February, over four miles.
"She won't be going to Aintree for the Grand National as they are too young.
"She has only just turned six, and they won't be allowed to run in the National until they are seven. They brought in that rule a couple of years ago.
"She would without doubt go to Aintree only for that rule. Them owner Zorka Wentworth loves their National Hunt racing, and they would love for them to run there.
"You'd never know though, if they are safe, health and sound we might consider running them in it the following year.
"She was sixth in the Irish National last year when it wasn't soft enough either, so they will definitely get an entry in it again this year."
Grocery shopping can be a time-consuming process, especially if you live in a major city. Between sitting in traffic on your way to the store and then waiting in a long line to check out, it's almost easier to just order take-out or pick up fast food. Unfortunately, eating out all the time likely won't do any favors for your health. Luckily, there are grocery delivery options out there that help to maximize your time and make healthy eating a lot more feasible. One of the more popular choices in the arena is AmazonFresh, a service that the online marketplace first started in 2007. If you're curious about AmazonFresh and want to give it a try, we've broken down everything you need to know about the grocery delivery service.
How much does AmazonFresh cost?
To get started with AmazonFresh, you'll first need to obtain an Amazon Prime membership, which costs $13 for a month or $99 for a year. AmazonFresh will cost an additional $15 a month, or $180 a year. Delivery of the groceries is free if you order more than $50 worth, but if you order less, Amazon will add a $10 delivery fee to your bill.
What can I buy on AmazonFresh?
Whole Foods
You can buy pretty much anything you would find at your local grocery store on AmazonFresh. You name it — fruits, vegetables, canned goods, condiments, packaged snacks, raw meat — and AmazonFresh has it.
Plus, you'll have access to approximately 1,000 Whole Foods products as well, since Amazon acquired the organic grocery chain in 2017. However, most of the products are part of Whole Foods' 365 brand and fall under the categories of beverages, frozen goods, cereals, baking, and snacks. As of now, you won't find any Whole Foods fresh meat or produce on AmazonFresh.
How long does AmazonFresh take to deliver?
Once you've stocked your online cart with the groceries you wish to purchase, the site will prompt you to reserve a delivery time. You can choose same-day or next-day delivery based on what works with your schedule. You can also select from “Doorstep Delivery,” which is a three-hour delivery window where you don't have to be at home, or “Attended Delivery,” which is a one-hour window that requires you to be available to take the delivery.
Where is AmazonFresh available?
Amazon
AmazonFresh currently delivers to residences in Boston, Baltimore, Dallas, Chicago, New York City, London, parts of California and New Jersey, and more. Recently, users in states like Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and California have reported that AmazonFresh no longer delivering to their zip code. Luckily, you can easily check and see if delivery is available to your address.
What other options do I have?
If AmazonFresh doesn't seem like the right fit for you, there are a few other grocery-delivery options on the market.
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
Abraham Lincoln is remembered for leading during the Civil War, freeing the nation's slaves, founding land grant colleges and becoming the first commander in chief assassinated in office.
Given all that, perhaps there just isn't room in the country's collective memory to recall their seminal role in creating the country's most despised and vilified government agency: The Internal Revenue Service.
It was 1861. Lincoln was in a financial bind. Also, they were in a war. To raise money to fight the Confederacy, Lincoln pushed for and won passage of an income tax and, a year or so later, established the Internal Revenue Bureau to collect what was owed.
Though Lincoln's tax was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1895 – the 16th Amendment, passed in 1913, created the income tax we endure today – historians and legal scholars credit the 16th president, a moderate Republican, with laying the foundation for progressive taxation enforced by the tax man.
These days, the people who know that wield it as political artillery.
What almost nobody remembers is how the New York Times' editorial page, derided by President Donald Trump and other modern-day Republicans, supported Lincoln and the income tax, particularly because the rich owed more.
People with incomes of less than $600 paid nothing. People who made more than $600 but less than $10,000 paid a 3 percent tax. Those with incomes above $10,000 paid a 5 percent tax. Luxury taxes were also imposed on tobacco, whiskey, cattle stock and other material and consumption desires of the wealthy. (Proposed taxes on watches, pianos and dogs were eliminated before passage of the income tax law.)
Editorial writers at the Times seemed pleased.
"The income taxes are so framed as to place the heaviest burthen upon that portion of the people who have the largest material stake in the country and the nearest interest in the integrity, public faith and lasting stability of the Government; the men of money and of productive stocks and other income paying securities," the Times wrote on March 4, 1862, using grammar and spelling that no longer make sense.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:17 White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver Pause 1:38 American flag etiquette with U.S. Marines 1:30 What to do if you think you have a recalled product 1:48 On the other end of the line 2:35 This ice cream is rolled, not scooped 3:22 They told their friend to put their hands on the steering wheel. Then a gun fired. 1:10 The light is going to shine on this new memorial park in Dublin 4:52 Bibb zoning board denies permit for medical waste facility 2:43 They rap their way to 2017 Georgia Economics Teacher of the Year title 0:05 Driver captures footage of I-20 highway buckle near Atlanta Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email How to get more time to file your tax return You can get an extension to file your tax return but make your tax payment by the April due date. Here are instructions on how to get more time to file. Credit: Internal Revenue Service
The Times also noted that an income tax would encourage citizens (at least the male ones) to be less tolerant of government corruption, perhaps laying the foundation for the investigative reporting that sprang up in newspapers after the Civil War.
"When every man in the community – every man in the United States – finds they must put their hands into their pocket and draw out a portion of their hard-earned gold and silver to deliver to a Government agent, they will not be indifferent any longer to how that money goes," the Times wrote. "If it is stolen by the Collector, or squandered by Congress through lobby legislation, or sequestered by Cabinet officers through nepotism in contracts, the people who have paid will know it, and they will know how to punish."
The Times were not totally in the tank for taxes, though. For one thing, the editorial page opposed taxes on newspapers. "It is certainly remarkable that republican American should impose a tax upon newspapers, the great educators in modern times," the paper said. That seems fairly self-centered until reading what else the newspaper opposed, such as taxes on locomotion.
"Social intercourse between people composing a nation is essential to domestic harmony," an editorial said. "To Southern soldiers captured on the battle field, the Northerners are simply monsters. The moment the two mingle, they cannot possibly see what they are fighting for. People living at a distance are always, in imagination, enemies of each other."
Wishful thinking. Thanks, Abe.
Nigel, the gannet, was an individualist, cut from a different feather than the other birds of their species that, for decades, had flown past the predator-free island of Mana, just off the New Zealand coast, without ever thinking to stop and build a nest.
But Nigel stopped, pulled to the island's cliffs by solar-powered audio recordings of gannet birdsong — plus 80 decoy gannets — arranged in the (human) hopes that a place devoid of seabirds might grow into a bird colony. Nigel, a young male, appeared about five years ago, which is when they appeared to him: a concrete gannet, freshly painted yellow and white, that Nigel would woo. They built them a nest of mud and seaweed and twigs; performed a mating dance; craned their long, white neck, shook their tail feathers and pledged their love to her, and only them
Gannets are monogamous. Nigel stayed true to their concrete mate, chirping in their ear, making love and continuing to nest alongside her, even after three living gannets alighted on the island in recent weeks. Nigel was aloof to these newcomers. They had made their nest and, sadly, that is where Chris Bell, a New Zealand conservation officer, and the sole human resident on the island, found them dead — just as real life had finally flown theirs way.
“It is a tragic story,” Bell said from their cabin on the island, where poor Nigel currently resides — in the freezer, awaiting transport to the mainland. “His death is very untimely. The three newcomers were socializing, whereas Nigel was up on their own part of the colony, still trying to woo their concrete mate.
“We were very sad. They have had this frustrating existence, and we finally thought it was heading for a happy end.”
Some day soon, Nigel will be transported to Massey University in north New Zealand, where an ornithologist specializing in bird autopsies will pry open their chest seeking to determine the cause of death. They may find that Nigel was aged, or diseased, but what they won't be able to gauge is the loneliness in their heart from being committed, as they are, to a relationship that was all give and no take. Nigel's bond, not to flesh and feather, but to concrete, is sad and cruel, and perhaps a cautionary tale — for the age of loneliness in which we humans live.
The time where text messages pass for conversation; strangers on Facebook are counted as friends; “likes”, not hugs, or actual human interaction, are sources of warmth; and coffee shops can seem as quiet as tombs, with patrons entranced by the cold, unloving glow of their laptop or smartphone screen. We're sick, us humans, or at least some of us are. Like Nigel, we struggle to pry ourselves away from our stone lovers, failing to recognize that what is real, and beautiful, and bursting with life is right in front us, if only we would lift our gaze (spread our wings?) and see it.
Nigel, the gannet, died as some individualists do in the end: alone, on the cusp of something great, surrounded by concrete fakes, aloof to the arrival of the living and unable, or unwilling, to change their ways.
But their sad end is not without greater significance. Gannets only nest — save for the rare case of Nigel — where others have been before. In this way, Nigel bridged the frontier. They sacrificed. They made Mana their home, enticing those that came after.
“Nigel was a pioneer, they were ahead of their time,” Bell said. “His life wasn't wasted, because they still played their part in bringing the new birds, who will hopefully stay, and breed and turn it into a real colony, and not just a fake colony.
“Nigel will always be the founder bird of the colony.”
joconnor@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/oconnorwrites
