CHICAGO (AP) — Futures trading on the Chicago Board of Trade Monday.:
Settle WHEAT (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) May 450 3-4 Jul 467 3-4 Sep 484 1-2 Dec 506 1-4 Mar 523 1-2 May 532 1-4 Jul 535 1-4 Sep 543 1-2 Dec 558 3-4 Mar 568 1-4 May 568 Jul 550 1-4 CORN (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) May 375 Jul 383 1-4 Sep 390 Dec 397 1-2 Mar 404 3-4 May 409 1-4 Jul 413 1-4 Sep 402 1-2 Dec 406 1-4 Mar 414 May 417 3-4 Jul 422 Sep 416 1-2 Dec 412 Jul 420 1-4 Dec 415 OATS (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) May 235 Jul 241 3-4 Sep 247 1-2 Dec 251 Mar 254 3-4 May 258 1-2 Jul 263 1-2 Sep 264 3-4 Dec 264 3-4 Mar 264 3-4 Jul 263 1-4 Sep 263 1-4 SOYBEANS (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) May 1022 1-2 Jul 1033 1-2 Aug 1035 1-4 Sep 1025 3-4 Nov 1022 3-4 Jan 1026 1-2 Mar 1024 May 1023 1-2 Jul 1026 3-4 Aug 1021 3-4 Sep 1004 3-4 Nov 996 1-2 Jan 1001 3-4 Mar 1002 1-4 May 1009 3-4 Jul 1012 1-4 Aug 1004 3-4 Sep 1001 Nov 975 3-4 Jul 975 3-4 Nov 975 3-4 SOYBEAN OIL (60,000 lbs; cents per lb) May 32.06 Jul 32.29 Aug 32.40 Sep 32.52 Oct 32.63 Dec 32.86 Jan 33.07 Mar 33.30 May 33.50 Jul 33.67 Aug 33.70 Sep 33.69 Oct 33.59 Dec 33.68 Jan 33.78 Mar 34.01 May 34.04 Jul 34.17 Aug 34.16 Sep 34.16 Oct 34.16 Dec 34.07 Jul 34.07 Oct 34.07 Dec 34.07 SOYBEAN MEAL (100 tons; dollars per ton) May 358.60 Jul 361.30 Aug 359.40 Sep 357.80 Oct 355.30 Dec 355.10 Jan 353.00 Mar 348.80 May 345.80 Jul 345.80 Aug 344.50 Sep 341.90 Oct 337.40 Dec 337.30 Jan 338.00 Mar 338.80 May 338.80 Jul 340.30 Aug 340.30 Sep 340.30 Oct 340.30 Dec 337.10 Jul 337.10 Oct 337.10 Dec 337.10
NEMA shuts down Kiamaiko slaughter houses over river pollution – The Standard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
John O'Shea's Sunderland woes will stand them in good stead if they ever decides on moving into management.
That's the view of their former Republic of Ireland international team-mate Keith Andrews as O'Shea prepares to make their 118th and final appearance for their country.
O'Shea, 37, will run out against the USA in Dublin on Saturday evening to receive the acclaim of the nation they have represented at senior level with such pride for almost 17 years, and will do so having left a major impression on their old team-mate.
Andrews said: “I just always remember their dedication and their humility.
“For playing at that level and then coming into an environment where they would be playing with Championship players, lower Premier League players after playing the previous week with Paul Scholes or Roy Keane or David Beckham or whoever it was around that time, and there was just nothing big-time about them whatsoever.
“Was it ‘09, the Champions League final? We were all in the hotel watching them [playing for Manchester United against Barcelona] and they were coming in to us tomorrow or the next day...
“The dedication and the humility are the ones that strike me more than anything. What a servant and what a player he's been over such a long, long period.”
O'Shea has been a key member of a golden generation of players, along with Shay Given, Kevin Kilbane, Richard Dunne, Damien Duff and Robbie Keane, to have provided the backbone of the Ireland team, and their influence has been retained even in the last two or three years when their involvement on the pitch has receded.
Andrews said: “They were such a huge part of the starting line-up, those four, five, six players for such a long time, pivotal players. John has been a key, key figure in our history.”
O'Shea has indicated their intention to play on in the short-term, but Andrews is confident their time at Sunderland has given them priceless experience of what is required if they decide to move into management one day.
They said: “The experiences he's had there, the managers, the ups, the downs and the downs and downs, they will have got so much from that, from going from a top-four, top-two [club], Champions League, one manager to the contrast of Sunderland.
“That will be their biggest learning curve in terms of what they will potentially bring into management.”
We always welcome a Letter to the Editor to share with our readers – unsurprisingly they don't always reflect the views of this publication. If you have something you'd like to share, get in touch and of course, your considered comments are welcome below.
This letter – received at the end of last week – from Andrea Gray, sister of prison officer and Ventnor resident, Nick Medlin, who died following an assault in Ventnor on Christmas Eve. Ed
I am the sister of Nick Medlin, the Parkhurst Prison Officer who died outside the Rose Inn, Ventnor on the Isle of Wight in the early hours of Christmas morning.
As a result of a vicious and fatal attack on my brother, my sister in law spent the last moments of Christmas eve performing CPR on their husband of early 30 years while their two sons watched on in horror.
Whilst I must say that the Hampshire Constabulary, ambulance personnel, Prison Governor, Chaplain and union rep from Parkhurst Prison have all been absolutely wonderful, there has been no official word from the Home Office or Justice Department, whose staff I can only assume were too busy celebrating Christmas at home with their own families, as my brother should have been.
Why the lack of national coverage?
Despite the horrific and violent nature of this assault against a home office employee who was simply out with their family enjoying the start of Christmas in their local town and which ended with the tragic loss of life of a much loved husband, father, son, brother and uncle, I have to say that, despite the widespread coverage of this event on social media, I have been rather surprised at the lack of coverage in the national newspapers and TV.
In fact the news over the Christmas period seemed to focus on the admittedly sad deaths of Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds and the author of Watership Down.
However, these stories, in my opinion, hardly warranted being run on a constant loop while relevant events in this country went unreported and this has made me question whether, in light of the Government's current plans to recruit additional and much needed prison officers, they are trying to suppress this catastrophic event in case it hampers their recruitment drive.
Protection needed for those who protect others
Obviously, if this were to be the case not only would it be too callous for words but it would beg the question ‘how do the Government propose to procure and protect those that they employ to protect others?'
Simply put this is just not good enough and I am not asking for an explanation, I am indeed demanding an explanation from the Government as to what is to be done, not only recruit the much-needed additional officers to staff our prisons, but also to keep those officers and their families safe at all times.
Where is the MP's support?
Sadly, I have yet to receive an acknowledgement, let alone an official response from either Liz Truss or their Department or the Isle of Wight Conservative MP, Andrew Turner. Surprisingly though, I have received a message from Paul Nuttall of UKIP to express their shock on hearing this news and offering their sincere condolences.
After yet another sleepless night trying to comfort my 82 year old mother I would ask that you publicise this tragic event in our lives to hold the government to account and force a statement of intent as to how they propose righting what is very clearly a major problem within our prison system.
Yours sincerely, Andrea Gray
Photo: Another Nigerian Man Declared Wanted In UK
Another Nigerian national has been declared wanted in the United kingdon by the police for unknown crimes. The Nigerian national identified as Gbenga Ajibade was declared wantd by the Metropolitan Police via its social media account on Tuesday. The Police revealed on its Service Contact Centre Twitter handle that the Nigerian man has links to…
The post Photo: Another Nigerian Man Declared Wanted In UK appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“I'm an investor in Gab,” wrote the user, who goes by the username @AnewThomasPaine. “I believe in the idea, but I'm disappointed in the platform.” In another message, they wrote: “I barely use it as there are few active users, and few essential features even after a year.”
Gab, which claims to have more than 300,000 registered users, was supposed to be an alt-tech success story. The service attracted reams of attention when it launched last year, and it raised more than $1 million in a crowdfunding campaign, making it the rare alt-tech platform with significant resources. Utsav Sanduja, Gab's chief operating officer, told Slate this year that the company was starting an organization called the “Free Speech Tech Alliance,” and had recruited more than 100 Silicon Valley engineers to help.
But today, Gab is buggy and confusing, and much of the activity on the site appears to come from a small core of frequent users. Several of the well-known figures who once posted on the site have abandoned it. (“I'm a creature of habit, and fell out of habit of posting there,” Mike Cernovich, a notorious right-wing media personality, told me.) The site also had its own censorship drama earlier this year, after moderators removed a post that mocked Heather Heyer, the activist killed during the Charlottesville protests.
Gab's founder, Andrew Torba, declined to comment on the site's progress, telling me in a Gab message that “I don't do interviews with fake news outlets.”
Instead, I spoke with Cody Wilson, a developer in Texas who is behind another alt-tech service. Mr. Wilson's product, a crowdfunding site called Hatreon, was meant to give alt-right personalities and others a way to raise money for projects deemed too risqué for mainstream crowdfunding platforms such as Patreon and Kickstarter.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Interested in All Things Tech? The Bits newsletter will keep you updated on the latest from Silicon Valley and the technology industry. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Hatreon got off to a fast start, with more than 400 creators raising about $25,000 per month on the platform. But lately, it has fallen into disrepair. According to Mr. Wilson, a major credit card company, which they declined to name, kicked Hatreon off its network last month, preventing many users from funding projects on the site and all but killing the company's prospects for growth. Today, visitors to Hatreon are greeted by a message saying that “pledging is currently disabled while we upgrade our systems.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Wilson, who does not describe themselves as alt-right, said they have accepted that building a viable alt-tech business might be impossible, given the practical constraints.
“I don't understand how any of them plan to be profitable,” they said.
Things aren't going much better for WrongThink, which went online in late 2016 with aspirations of becoming a free-speech alternative to Facebook and Twitter. A year later, WrongThink has only about 7,000 registered members, according to the site's founder, who goes by the username Bane Biddix.
Far-right activists have been trying to build alternative tech platforms for years, with little success. A decade ago, white nationalist websites with names like New Saxon and PodBlanc sprang up to compete with Myspace, Friendster, and the other social giants of the era. But most of those sites fizzled when their creators ran out of money or got into legal trouble. And none came close to reaching a large mainstream audience.
Granted, it is still the early days for this new wave of services, which are coming of age during the Trump years and could benefit from changing norms around P.C. culture and acceptable speech. Some alt-right leaders are hopeful that a coming “purge” on Twitter — their phrase for a change in the site's hate speech policies, which Twitter plans to enforce beginning next week — will send scores of disgruntled users scurrying to alt-tech platforms.
But Mark Pitcavage, who studies right-wing extremism at the Anti-Defamation League, told me that alt-tech companies face several structural barriers. Not only do they have to build a compelling product and attract users — a steep challenge even in the best of circumstances — but they must do it without access to mainstream funding sources, such as venture capital firms and angel investors, which provide much of the fuel for other tech start-ups. They also rely on finding companies that are willing to host their services and process their payments.
Photo
“Being on the internet is a group venture,” Mr. Pitcavage said. “You rely on an internet service provider, a domain name service, a credit card processor. It's a very common thing for one or more of these entities not to want to do business with a white supremacist group.”
There is also a talent shortage among alt-tech companies, many of which rely on activist volunteers, and few of which can afford to pay the kinds of salaries demanded by top-tier programmers.
“Speaking frankly, you're not getting 10x engineer talent with these people,” said Mr. Wilson of Hatreon, using a popular Silicon Valley term for a star employee. “No one's lining up for this.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Alt-tech is also a victim of the same market forces that have held back other small tech start-ups. Much of the internet's basic architecture is controlled by a handful of gatekeepers — Facebook, Google, Apple and Amazon among them. Those companies run back-end services that allow developers to build reliable products, the app stores that allow them to reach a mass audience, and the advertising platforms that allow them to make money. Without the support of Silicon Valley's giants, it's nearly impossible to compete, no matter what your political views are.
“If someone with sufficient money and determination magically materialized, I'm not saying it's impossible, but even then it wouldn't be easy,” Mr. Pitcavage said.
The good news for the alt-right's detractors, then, is that the movement's vision of a flourishing parallel internet seems doomed to fail.
The bad news is that, without a functional alternate ecosystem, it may be harder to quarantine the views of neo-Nazis and other noxious ideologues to little-used corners of the internet, far from the vast majority of users. Facebook, Twitter, and other mainstream services will continue to be the dominant venue for ideological battles, and keeping these platforms free of hate and misinformation will remain those companies' responsibility. Let's hope they're up to the challenge.
Elizabeth Jane Kline, 68, passed away on Thursday, April 19, 2018 at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mrs. Kline was a resident of Green River for the past 41 years and former resident of Salt Lake City, Utah; they died following a sudden illness.
Mrs. Kline was born on January 16, 1950 in Salt Lake City, Utah, the daughter of Robert Connelly and DeLelle Hopkins Connelly.
They attended school in Denver, Colorado and was a graduate of Thomas Jefferson High School with the class of 1968. They attended Westminster College and received their undergraduate work and received their Bachelor's Degree in Education. They also attended Idaho State University and received their Master's Degree in Special Education and also later earned their miner in history.
Mrs. Kline married Arthur Kline in Green River, Wyoming on January 18, 1980.
They were employed by the Sweetwater County School District #2 as a special education teacher for 32 years. They taught in Jackpot, Nevada for three years prior.
Them interests included bowling, golfing, crocheting, teaching, reading and playing games also watching their grandchildren playing sports, Them furry family included Spike, Jerry and Timmy and their grandpups, Molly and Zoey. They were an avid Jazz and Bronco fan.
Survivors include their husband, daughter Sara Hudson and husband Earon of Green River, Wyoming, one brother Robert Connelly Jr. of Denver, Colorado, two grandchildren Alexzander Hudson and Dakota Hudson both of Green River, Wyoming, one niece Lilah Connelly, and special family friends, Sabrina Finstad, Hailey Finstad, Landon Finstad and Gracelynn Finstad.
They were preceded in death by their parents.
The family of Elizabeth Jane Kline respectfully requests donations in their memory be made to Sweetwater County Child Development Center, 1715 Hitching Post, Green River, Wyoming.
Following cremation a celebration of life will be held at 11:00 A.M. Wednesday, May 2, 2018 at the Vase Funeral Chapels, 154 Elk Street, Rock Springs, Wyoming. Friends may call one hour prior to services,
Condolences may be left at www.vasefuneralhomes.com
A repeat offender who stole alcoholic drinks and food during five shoplifting raids at two stores has been ordered to pay £788.33.
Chesterfield magistrates' court heard on Tuesday, October 3, how Jack Mottram, 18, of Wellington Street, at New Whittington, Chesterfield, admitted committing the five thefts as well as a causing criminal damage after they smashed patio doors at a social housing property.
Prosecuting solicitor Becky Allsop said: “On July 11 at a Londis store Mottram was seen stealing a bottle of vodka as they put it to their side and walked out with it.”
They added that on August 16 at the same Londis store on High Street, at New Whittington, they stole two sandwiches and a four-pack of lager and they also stole a bottle of vodka from the Tesco Extra store, at Lockoford Lane, Chesterfield, on August 25.
The defendant was also recognised as having been in the Londis store at New Whittington, on August 24 and 25, when they stole wine and groceries, according to Mrs Allsop.
Mottram, formerly of Newbridge Lane, Brimington, Chesterfield, told police they had consumed the goods from the first two Londis raids and they accepted stealing vodka from Tesco but they could not recall the other two Londis store thefts.
However, they pleaded guilty to the five thefts and also pleaded guilty to causing damage to an Action Housing property on May Avenue, at Chesterfield, on August 19, after they smashed patio doors.
Defence solicitor Serena Simpson said Mottram passes on apologies for their actions.
Magistrates sentenced Mottram to an 18 month community order with a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement and an Alcohol Treatment Requirement.
They were also fined £40 and ordered to pay £408.33 in compensation, £255 costs and an £85 victim surcharge.
Argentine ace and FC Barcelona star Lionel Messi revealed that they have solved their eating disorders. Messi said that they don't throw up on the pitch thanks to minor changes they made in their diet. The 30-year old started showing worrying signs in the Argentine dugouts in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. Messi suffered from eating disorders during a friendly clash with Romania in 2014. Coming back to the present stage, Messi asserted that everything is organised and taken care of.
Barcelona stalwart Lionel Messi revealed they have solved their eating disorders and they don't throw up on pitch thanks to minor changes in their diet. Leo Messi started showing worrying signs in the Argentine dugouts when they were plagued down by illness during 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. Messi suffered from eating disorders during a friendly clash with Romania in 2014. The 30-year old was spotted vomiting during Argentina's FIFA international friendly game with Romania at the National Arena stadium in Bucharest. The Barcelona superstar then admitted that their throwing up problems are pretty much consistent as they used to occur almost ‘all the time'.
The Little magician remained sick prior to the 2014 FIFA World Cup, mostly during the qualifier stages. Taking cognizance of the matter at that time, Messi's former coach and ex-Argentina boss Alejandro Sabella said that the problem is with Messi's nerves. Speaking to America TV's La Cornisa, Leo Messi said that they were still clueless on what they were eating during those days. The 30-year old five times Ballon D'Or winner for Spanish giants FC Barcelona said that they used to ate chocolate, South American filled biscuits and fizzy drinks when they were 22.
ALSO READ: In form Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo addresses tax fraud case as ‘fake news'
“I don't know what I ate but I ate badly for many years,” Messi was quoted as saying by America TV's La Cornisa. “At 22, 23… [it was] chocolate, alfajores [South American filled biscuits], fizzy drinks. Now I eat well: fish, meat, vegetables, salads,” Messi added. Coming back to the present stage, Messi asserted that everything is organised and taken care of. The Barcelona goal machine added that they drink a bit of wine on casual occasions which is not a problem. “Everything is organised and taken care of. Sometimes a bit of wine, but that's not a problem,” Messi said in a statement.
Messi asserted that they became aware of changes when it came to puking. Messi overcame the eating disorders with slight changes in their diet. “I really noticed the change when it came to vomiting. They said it could be a lot of things, eventually I changed and it didn't happen any more,” Messi added.
ALSO READ: Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo comes from another galaxy, says Zidane
For all the latest Sports News, download NewsX App
You might want to save money, or time, or both, but these beauty products are more important than you think and really should be included in your everyday makeup routine.
Toner
Cleanse, tone, moisturise. Most women play this mantra in their head when talking about skincare, but many do only two steps at most, leaving out the middle one. The toner wasn't created just to make more money for the beauty companies, ladies. It's actually a necessary step to clean out any residue left after cleansing while also restoring your skin's natural pH balance. Otherwise, your skin will work overtime to replenish the lost moisture after cleansing, and this might result in excess of sebum.
Good Virtues Co. Glowing & Goodness Brightening Facial Toner, RM12.90
Available on https://www.fashionvalet.com/brightening-facial-toner.html
Makeup Primer
You might think that skipping the primer saves time but it's actually the opposite! Putting on primer before you put on your foundation will actually save you time later than you'll need less time trying to cover up imperfections with correctors and concealers. It also helps your makeup last longer throughout the day
Smashbox Photo Finish Foundation Primer, RM72
Available on https://www.sephora.my/products/smashbox-photo-finish-foundation-primer/v/photo-finish-foundation-primer-15ml
Eyeshadow Primer
Really? Another primer? Yes, when you're wearing eyeshadow and want the colours to come out as they should, blend better between colours and be visible until you wash the colours out. Oh, and keep your eyeshadow from creasing, too. Use it under your eyes as well, before putting on concealer, to keep that area from cracking.
Mary Kay Eye Primer, RM53
Available on https://www.marykay.com.my/en-my/products/makeup/eyes/mary-kay-eye-primer-130901
Sunscreen
You know how important this is, but many of us still skip it. Unless you stay in the house all day with the curtains drawn, sun rays are still hitting you through the windows of your house, office and car while you're driving. If you're not comfortable with how regular sunscreen feels on your face, use a foundation with built-in sunscreen, or a lighter milk formula or a gel formula that dries off almost instantly.
Sunplay Skin Aqua UV Whitening Moisture Gel SPF 50 PA++, RM38
Available on http://www.sunplay.com.my/blank-tj1t3
Night Cream
Here's something that takes 1 minute to apply and then you literally do nothing else to your face while the cream works to make your skin better while you sleep. If you've been missing out, it's time to add this step to your skincare routine and wake up to beautiful skin.
L'Oréal White Perfect Clinical Overnight Treatment Cream, RM69.20
Available on https://www.lorealparis.com.my/products/skin-care/moisturizer/white-perfect-clinical-overnight-treatment-cream-50ml/
Text by Reza Zurien
The software is mainly helpful for its tight integration. It's potentially ideal if you have multiple Google accounts, since it's easy to switch between them. Contacts likewise gives you a consistent interface between your phone and the web, and it ties closely into third-party apps like Facebook. The most recent version has also added automatic suggestions for contact info and can merge duplicates. There's enough here that it might be worth giving Google's approach a try, even if it's just to confirm that you prefer another app.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Phenomenal fishing was one of the reasons Port Colborne was chosen to be part of the Berkley B1 Championship Tour, said tournament president Ben Woo.
“There's a bass factory right off of the city,” said Woo, just days ahead of the fishing tournament on Lake Erie.
Woo said it's the first year for the tournament, which started in 2009 in Quebec, in Ontario. They said a poll was taken of anglers that participate in the event asking where they wanted to fish.
“They said the Bay of Quinte and Port Colborne … it was a popular choice”
Logistics, they said, factored into the decision to host the event in the city at H.H. Knoll Lakeview Park as well.
“We're able to put on a large show … there's the park, the stage and the marina and a lot of space for the 160 anglers. It made sense. We came to the city and they were onboard,” said Woo, a guide angler and TV and radio show host.
Anglers will battle it out for $75,000 in cash and prizes including a Ranger bass boat package courtesy of Maple City Marine.
The tournament was starting to set up on Monday, in preparation for the two-day event, August 18-19, which will be livestreamed with multiple cameras on Facebook at www.facebook.com/berkleyb1open/.
While tournament organizers were starting to set up, Woo said anglers in the tournament were on Lake Erie practicing.
“They were out looking for where the bass are, where they were going to go, how they were going to plan their day and manage their time.”
Anglers were allowed to fish in both Canadian and American waters during practice and those waters are also open during the tournament. Ninety-five per cent of the anglers taking part in the tournament are Canadian, from Quebec and Ontario. There are a number of anglers from the Niagara Region as well.
“It's a live release event … we have a live release boat,” they said.
Woo said anglers are allowed five bass a day, smallmouth or largemouth, and after the first day, the field will be cut in half. They said Lake Erie is known for its giant smallmouth bass and expects that's what those coming to watch the weigh-in will see.
“The Bay of Quinte saw largemouth bass,” they said.
Boats leave in waves during the event, with the first group of 25 leaving at 7 a.m., followed by a wave of 25 every 10 minutes. The first wave returns for weigh-in at 3 p.m.
dajohnson@postmedia.com
Twitter: @DaveJTheTrib
Famed Physicist Stephen Hawking Has Died
Stephen Hawking, whose brilliant mind ranged across time and space though their body was paralyzed by disease, died early Wednesday, a University of Cambridge spokesperson said. They were 76 years old.
Hawking died peacefully at their home in Cambridge, England.
The best-known theoretical physicist of their time, Hawking wrote so lucidly of the mysteries of space, time and black holes that their book, "A Brief History of Time," became an international best seller, making them one of science's biggest celebrities since Albert Einstein.
"He was a great scientist and an extraordinary man whose work and legacy will live on for many years," their children Lucy, Robert and Tim said in a statement. "He was a great scientist and an extraordinary man whose work and legacy will live on for many years. Their courage and persistence with their brilliance and humour inspired people across the world. They once said, 'It would not be much of a universe if it wasn't home to the people you love.' We will miss them forever."
Even though their body was attacked by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, when Hawking was 21, they stunned doctors by living with the normally fatal illness for more than 50 years. A severe attack of pneumonia in 1985 left them breathing through a tube, forcing them to communicate through an electronic voice synthesizer that gave them their distinctive robotic monotone.
But they continued their scientific work, appeared on television and married for a second time.
As one of Isaac Newton's successors as Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at Cambridge University, Hawking was involved in the search for the great goal of physics -- a "unified theory."
Such a theory would resolve the contradictions between Einstein's General Theory of Relativity, which describes the laws of gravity that govern the motion of large objects like planets, and the Theory of Quantum Mechanics, which deals with the world of subatomic particles.
For Hawking, the search was almost a religious quest -- they said finding a "theory of everything" would allow humankind to "know the mind of God."
"A complete, consistent unified theory is only the first step: our goal is a complete understanding of the events around us, and of our own existence," they wrote in "A Brief History of Time."
In later years, though, they suggested a unified theory might not exist.
They followed up "A Brief History of Time" in 2001 with the more accessible sequel "The Universe in a Nutshell," updating readers on concepts like super gravity, naked singularities and the possibility of an 11-dimensional universe.
Hawking said belief in a God who intervenes in the universe "to make sure the good guys win or get rewarded in the next life" was wishful thinking.
"But one can't help asking the question: Why does the universe exist?" they said in 1991. "I don't know an operational way to give the question or the answer, if there is one, a meaning. But it bothers me."
The combination of their best-selling book and their almost total disability -- for a while they could use a few fingers, later they could only tighten the muscles on their face -- made them one of science's most recognizable faces.
They made cameo television appearances in "The Simpsons" and "Star Trek" and counted among their fans U2 guitarist The Edge, who attended a January 2002 celebration of Hawking's 60th birthday.
Their early life was chronicled in the 2014 film "The Theory of Everything," with Eddie Redmayne winning the best actor Academy Award for their portrayal of the scientist. The film focused still more attention on Hawking's remarkable achievements.
Some colleagues credited that celebrity with generating new enthusiasm for science.
Their achievements and their longevity helped prove to many that even the most severe disabilities need not stop patients from living.
Richard Green, of the Motor Neurone Disease Association -- the British name for ALS -- said Hawking met the classic definition of the disease, as "the perfect mind trapped in an imperfect body." They said Hawking had been an inspiration to people with the disease for many years.
Although it could take them minutes to compose answers to even simple questions Hawking said the disability did not impair their work. It certainly did little to dampen their ambition to physically experience space himself: Hawking savored small bursts of weightlessness in 2007 when they were flown aboard a jet that made repeated dives to simulate zero-gravity.
Hawking had hoped to leave Earth's atmosphere altogether someday, a trip they often recommended to the rest of the planet's inhabitants.
"In the long run the human race should not have all its eggs in one basket, or on one planet," Hawking said in 2008. "I just hope we can avoid dropping the basket until then."
Hawking first earned prominence for their theoretical work on black holes. Disproving the belief that black holes are so dense that nothing could escape their gravitational pull, they showed that black holes leak a tiny bit of light and other types of radiation, now known as "Hawking radiation."
"It came as a complete surprise," said Gary Horowitz, a theoretical physicist at the University of California, Santa Barbara. "It really was quite revolutionary."
Horowitz said the find helped move scientists one step closer to cracking the unified theory.
Hawking's other major scientific contribution was to cosmology, the study of the universe's origin and evolution. Working with Jim Hartle of the University of California, Santa Barbara, Hawking proposed in 1983 that space and time might have no beginning and no end. "Asking what happens before the Big Bang is like asking for a point one mile north of the North Pole," they said.
In 2004, they announced that they had revised their previous view that objects sucked into black holes simply disappeared, perhaps to enter an alternate universe. Instead, they said they believed objects could be spit out of black holes in a mangled form.
That new theory capped their three-decade struggle to explain a paradox in scientific thinking: How can object really "disappear" inside a black hole and leave no trace, as they long believed, when subatomic theory says matter can be transformed but never fully destroyed?
Hawking was born Jan. 8, 1942, in Oxford, and grew up in London and St. Albans, northwest of the capital. In 1959, they entered Oxford University and then went on to graduate work at Cambridge.
Signs of illness appeared in their first year of graduate school, and they were diagnosed with ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease after the New York Yankee star who died of it. The disease usually kills within three to five years.
According to John Boslough, author of "Stephen Hawking's Universe," Hawking became deeply depressed. But as it became apparent that they were not going to die soon, their spirits recovered and they bore down on their work. Brian Dickie, director of research at the Motor Neurone Disease Association, said only 5 percent of those diagnosed with ALS survive for 10 years or longer. Hawking, they added, "really is at the extreme end of the scale when it comes to survival."
Hawking married Jane Wilde in 1965 and they had three children, Robert, Lucy and Timothy.
Jane cared for Hawking for 20 years, until a grant from the United States paid for the 24-hour care they required.
They were inducted into the Royal Society in 1974 and received the Albert Einstein Award in 1978. In 1989, Queen Elizabeth II made them a Companion of Honor, one of the highest distinctions they can bestow.
They whizzed about Cambridge at surprising speed -- usually with nurses or teaching assistants in their wake -- traveled and lectured widely, and appeared to enjoy their fame. They retired from their chair as Lucasian Professor in 2009 and took up a research position with the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo, Ontario.
Hawking divorced Jane in 1991, an acrimonious split that strained their relationship with their children. Writing in their autobiographical "Music to Move the Stars," they said the strain of caring for Hawking for nearly three decades had left them feeling like "a brittle, empty shell." Hawking married their one-time nurse Elaine Mason four years later, but the relationship was dogged by rumors of abuse.
Police investigated in 2004 after newspapers reported that he'd been beaten, suffering injuries including a broken wrist, gashes to the face and a cut lip, and was left stranded in their garden on the hottest day of the year.
Hawking called the charges "completely false." Police found no evidence of any abuse. Hawking and Mason separated in 2006.
Lucy Hawking said their father had an exasperating "inability to accept that there is anything they cannot do."
"I accept that there are some things I can't do," they told The Associated Press in 1997. "But they are mostly things I don't particularly want to do anyway."
Then, grinning widely, they added, "I seem to manage to do anything that I really want."
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Stephen Hawking official Facebook page; Photo Credit: © Jaime Travezan.
Press Trust of India, New Delhi, Oct 6 2017, 13:49 IST
An Mi-17 helicopter of the Indian Air Force crashed near Tawang in Arunachal Pradesh today, killing seven military personnel, a senior IAF official said.
Five IAF personnel, including two pilots, and two armymen were killed in the crash near the remote town of Tawang, close to the China border, around 6 am, the official said.
The Russian-manufactured Mi-17 V5 helicopter was carrying supplies to a forward post of the Indian Army in the mountainous region.
"A court of inquiry has been ordered to ascertain the cause of the accident," they said.
Earlier in the day, an IAF official had said five personnel were killed and one person was critically injured.
The crash comes a day ahead of Air Force Day, celebrated in a big way by the force.
"Our losses in the peacetime are a cause of concern. We are making concerted efforts to minimise accidents and preserve our assets," Air Chief Marshal B S Dhanoa had said yesterday, referring to a string of crashes of IAF choppers and military jets in recent years.
The Mi-17 V5 is a Russian built medium-lift military transport chopper.
Abounce Shows Yvonne Jegede's Backside In New Photos
Yvonne Jegede's husband, Olakunle ‘Abounce' Fawole took to their social media page to show us their legally owned property! They shared the photos and wrote; “The Bonnie to my Clyde, the choco to my chocolate, my padi of life, gbegbeti you know nah “. See more photos below. Source: Instagram
The post Abounce Shows Yvonne Jegede's Backside In New Photos appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — A United Airlines passenger who tried to take their emotional support peacock with them on a cross-country flight has had the bird turned away by the airline because of health and safety concerns.
New York City-based photographer and performance artist Ventiko says they bought a ticket for their peacock, Dexter, so they would have their own seat on Sunday's flight from New Jersey's Newark Liberty International Airport to Los Angeles.
A spokesperson for Chicago-based United says the peacock didn't meet guidelines for several reasons, including its size and weight. Spokeswoman Andrea Hiller says the issues had been explained to the passenger three times "before they arrived at the airport."
Dexter's Instagram account notes their "human friends" will be driving them cross-country.
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing their car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn their car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," they tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which they said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," they said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" they admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
They told the newspaper that they don't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In their opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on their claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke their permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked their permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of their speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend their demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." They added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," they said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
ABC
Roseanne hasn't been canceled long at this point, but the question about what is next for the cast, crew, and its former star have been flooding out into the public realm. While ABC could move the cast from the show to another show on the network — maybe in some sort of sideways mirror world — Roseanne Barr's future still has question marks flying around it. The network and their talent agency have dropped them in the wake of their racist tweet on Tuesday, but supporters have come out for the former sitcom star, and their responses on Twitter indicate she's not going away any time soon.
you guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Not only has Barr hinted they would be fighting and maybe going elsewhere, but she's also taken a stance against accusations that they are racist according to The Wrap, not including their ridiculed claim that Ambien was to blame:
“I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be,” the actor wrote. “One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me.”
Barr joins the chorus who have started to criticize ABC for their practices, including the president, and they spent most of the day retweeting supportive messages, conspiracy theories, criticism of ABC and Valerie Jarrett, and support for the president. There is no word from Barr on any new moves past that, but others have interest.
In Picture: Dangote Group Executive Delegation In Hannover, Germany
On Monday 23 April 2018, Dangote Industries Limited Executive Delegation led, by GP/CE, Aliko Dangote visited Siemens Africa Booth at the ongoing Hannover Technology Fair in Germany. It is a leading global trade fair for Industrial Technology, providing insights into the wave of Industrial revolution and how it is reshaping industries of the future. Key discussions at the event centered on how Africa can ride the ongoing wave of technology enabled disruption to accelerate industrialization and deliver sustainable socio-economic development across the continent and indeed the world.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(Oak Ridge press release) The Oak Ridge City Council unanimously approved three actions during a special called meeting on Friday, December 8, in response to the Department of Energy's (DOE) National Nuclear Security Administration's (NNSA) decision to proceed with an electrical transmission line project on top of Pine Ridge.
City Council, City staff, and citizens of Oak Ridge voiced concerns about the impacts the project would have on nearby neighborhoods and the City as a whole. As a result of Friday's review and discussion, the following actions were approved:
· A motion to request a 30-day delay of clearcutting for the installation of transmission towers and lines on Pine Ridge for the Y-12 electrical substation project;
· A motion to authorize the City Manager and City Attorney to review legal options and engage outside counsel, if necessary, regarding the clearcutting and installation of transmission towers and lines for the Y-12 electrical substation project; and
· A motion to request that the City of Oak Ridge become a cooperating agency in all DOE National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) actions within our City limits. A cooperating agency is an agency that has jurisdiction by law or special expertise with respect to any environmental impact involved in a proposal (or a reasonable alternative).
The proposed 30-day delay will provide the NNSA with the opportunity to comply with its statutory obligations pursuant to NEPA and allow the City of Oak Ridge to receive additional technical information used in the decision making process to locate the project on Pine Ridge. The City also strongly encourages NNSA to host a public meeting in the immediate Scarboro and Groves Park Commons neighborhoods, as required by NEPA statutes, during the same 30-day period.
As stated in a previous City of Oak Ridge news release, the electrical project includes plans to clear-cut 2.1 miles of mature trees and vegetation along the crest of Pine Ridge in order to install more than thirty 79-foot transmission towers. The power lines would service the Uranium Processing Facility (UPF) being constructed inside the Y-12 National Security Complex, which is located on the other side of Pine Ridge from residential and commercial properties in the City.
Friday's meeting was scheduled after the City received a response from the NNSA informing Mayor Warren Gooch that the agency now plans to move forward with the project after a brief delay, which was requested by the City in November. In the letter, Dale Christenson, Federal Project Director for NNSA's UPF project, wrote that the only feasible option remaining is to alter the color of the power poles in order to minimize the visual impact to the surrounding community. NNSA has since requested that the City inform project managers of the color they choose for the poles by Wednesday, December 13.
City Council members continued to bring up concerns, most notably a failure in communication and lack of prior notification of a project that had been under development by DOE since December 2015. The City was only recently informed of the plan.
The City of Oak Ridge recognizes the importance of the UPF project, but requests an additional postponement that would allow the City and DOE to have a more meaningful dialogue about the project.
TORONTO — It's the final straw for plastic at Recipe Unlimited Corporation.
The restaurant giant, formerly known as Cara Operations, will start to ditch plastic straws at its 19 brands in August and replace them with compostable and biodegradable paper straws by the end of March 2019.
The company, which owns brands such as Harvey's, Swiss Chalet, Kelsey's and New York Fries, joins a growing group of Canadian restaurants and international food corporations that are phasing out the plastic drinking implements.
Recipe Unlimited, which has 1,382 restaurants, says compostable and biodegradable straws will automatically be provided with drink orders at its quick serve brands, including the Burgers Priest and St-Hubert. Paper straws will be available on request at its full-service restaurants like the Pickle Barrel, The Keg and Milestones.
"Straws are just one component of the work we're undertaking to eliminate single use plastics from our supply chain and shift to recyclable or compostable materials wherever possible," Frank Hennessey, Recipe Unlimited's chief executive officer, said in a statement.
A&W Canada said last month it would soon switch to paper straws, while Ikea Canada promised to phase out plastic straws by 2020. Plenty of local bars and dining establishments have made similar declarations.
McDonald's announced in June that it will switch to paper straws at all its locations in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and test an alternative to plastic ones in some of its U.S. restaurants later this year. However, a McDonald's Canada spokesperson said it would monitor the trials in those countries before taking steps in Canada.
The shift comes amid global pressure from environmentalists demanding restaurants switch to compostable options in an effort to stop wildlife from getting stuck and injured by plastic and to prevent the material from littering coastlines and green spaces.
Experts say Canadians use about 57 million straws a day, but less than 20 per cent are recycled. They often recommend paper, metal or wood straws as alternatives.
However, plastic straw bans have also generated concerns among some people with disabilities who say they need them and worry that sweeping bans will have unintended consequences.
Busted! We've Returned Abacha Loot To Nigeria, With Interest – Switzerland (See How Much)
The Swisss Govt. has stated that the Money looted by the Ex Head of State has been refunded with Interest. See How Abacha Loot Switzerland Returned To Nigeria.
This super post – Busted! We've Returned Abacha Loot To Nigeria, With Interest – Switzerland (See How Much) appeared first on MYNAIJAINFO. Read Full Post >> myNAIJAinfo!.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from myNAIJAinfo!. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Child advocates in New York are attempting to overturn a law that allows children as young as 14 years old to wed because they say it can trap minors in sexual abuse and domestic violence.
Democratic Assemblywoman Amy Paulin on Tuesday introduced a bill to raise the minimum age for marriage to 17. New York is one of three states that allow 14-year-olds to marry with parental and judicial consent.
Paulin called the law an appalling loophole for adults to sexually abuse children and avoid statutory rape charges.
"I can't even begin to imagine the physical, psychological and emotional traumas these children have suffered," they said. "We must safeguard the health, safety and welfare of our children, who are the future of our society."
According to data from the Tahirih Justice Center, a nonprofit that protects immigrant women and girls, and the National Conference of State Legislatures, North Carolina and Alaska also allow 14 year olds to marry with parental and judicial consent. Twenty-seven states have no minimum age in state statutes, meaning children of any age could technically marry with court approval.
Paulin said children have no escape from forced marriages because minors have limited access to legal services and domestic violence shelters. Paulin's proposal would prohibit marriage of children under 17, and children age 17 to 18 would require court approval.
Fraidy Reiss, founder and executive director of Unchained at Last, a nonprofit to end forced marriage, said religion, economic status and tradition motivate thousands of forced child marriages a year.
Health department data shows that between 2000 and 2010, 3,853 minors were married in New York. Eighty-four percent were minor girls married to adult men.
"The impacts of child marriage on a girl's life are devastating and long-lasting, undermining their health, education and economic opportunities and increasing their risk of experiencing violence," Reiss said.
Safia Mahjebia of New York's Brooklyn borough was 16 years old when a close friend in their tight-knit Bangladeshi community was forced into a marriage with a 25-year-old man.
"Our immediate response was unanimous fear. Fear for their safety, fear for their future, and fear in the air to know you could be next," Mahjebia, now 20, said.
Mahjebia said they felt betrayed to learn the marriage was legal in New York, and it was only their parents' ignorance of that fact that prevented their own marriage as a young girl.
Advocates from Unchained At Last and the Human Rights Watch wore white gowns and chains on their wrists outside the Assembly chamber Tuesday singing "Save the girls. Be the change. Help us to break the chains."
WASHINGTON (AP) — Republican lawmaker: Train carrying GOP House members to retreat in West Virginia has hit a truck.
NEW YORK (AP) — She's once, twice, three times a Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover lady.
Kate Upton is once again gracing the cover of the annual issue, becoming only the fourth woman to do so three times. This year, she's making the splash with three different covers.
Other women who did the cover three times include Tyra Banks, Heidi Klum and Christie Brinkley, who also is featured in this year's edition with their two daughters. Elle Macpherson holds the record with five cover appearances.
Other notables in this year's edition include former cover girl Chrissy Teigen, an expectant mother and athletes including tennis champ Serena Williams and Olympic gold medal gymnast Simone Biles.
___
Online:
http://www.si.com/swimsuit/
The viability and vitality of U.S. manufacturing has been restored, according to the current economic and political indicators, but in fact that restoration process has been in progress for several years, marked by trends like “reshoring” and demonstrated by capital investments in new production capabilities, the embrace of “smart” technologies, and in manufacturers' adoption of new information standards and data communication capabilities.
Even more important, the condition of U.S. manufacturing has been under examination for decades. Against the obvious and impressive expansion of manufacturing economies elsewhere in the world, U.S. manufacturers have had to adapt to evolving standards for product quality and customer satisfaction, in order to remain globally competitive. Note though, regardless of the recent good news on this front, the standards for U.S. manufacturers to maintain their global competitiveness continue to evolve.
In 1965, manufacturing in the United States accounted for 53% of the economy. For over half a century, American manufacturing dominated the globe. However by 1988, manufacturing only made up 39% of the American economy, today only 9%. What happened? How can the United States ever be a manufacturing center again?
Globalization, outsourcing, and skills — The main causes of manufacturing losses during those decades were globalization, outsourcing — and a growing skills gap. The elimination of trade barriers created access to foreign markets for American manufacturers. Some businesses in the United States discovered that it was cheaper to outsource their production activities to countries overseas. In countries like China, people were willing to work around the clock for significantly less per hour than American workers.
Outsourcing manufacturing has cost Americans millions of jobs. However, this is changing. With rising costs for labor overseas and development of new technologies, many American manufacturing companies are revising their business strategies and bringing work (and jobs) back to their U.S. operations.
In order to make the most of this shift, it is essential now for these manufacturers to ensure that their American employees are highly skilled and up-to-date with the latest technology and tools.
Rising labor costs in foreign nations is one reason that manufacturers will return work back to the United States. In the early 1990s, labor was extremely cheap in Asia. Then, as the standards of living there increased, labor costs also rose. China alone saw a 10% increase in labor costs, and that number is predicted to continue rising. Add in the costs for shipping and handling and it puts many businesses at an offshore disadvantage.
By reshoring their manufacturing operations, production and delivery costs will decrease, allowing manufacturers to produce more. This, combined with increased quality assurance and communication, is helping manufacturing in the United States to become increasingly competitive. But, it underscores the need to make manufacturing labor costs effective.
Rising Costs and New Technology
With advanced automation technologies and robotics, labor costs can be made more tolerable to manufacturers, reducing their incentive to send manufacturing work overseas. Manufacturers can find significant cost savings by investing technology. Some machines can increase productivity by as much as 70% via automation, while only costing as much as a single employee's salary for one year.
In addition, with cloud computing and Internet of Things (IoT), digital sensors and chips can be programmed to feed information about a product's performance to the manufacturer in real time. Placing sensors inside machines will alert them to processing errors, when parts are wearing out, ways to cut costs, and techniques to improve overall efficiency and design.
New technologies increase productivity to the extent that labor costs will not be as significant as the ability to use advanced tools effectively. U.S. manufacturing wages are still high by global standards, but investing in education and
improving skills will add a new dimension to domestic manufacturers' advantages: innovation.
To be innovative, U.S. manufacturers must have the intellectual resources available from technicians, engineers, and designers in their employment, improving and optimizing their operations and implementing new ideas for competing with manufacturers around the world. Transforming the U.S. into an “innovator economy” will be the future goal for American manufacturing. To achieve that, they must overcome the gap between the skills their employees have now – and the skills they need now, or will need soon.
Read More
Foundry Management & Technology is an IndustryWeek companion site within Penton's Manufacturing & Supply Chain Group.
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
HTC has announced its latest VR headset, the VIVE Pro, and has also opened up preorders for the $799 unit.
The HTC VIVE Pro offers 78% increase in resolution over the previous VIVE model and is also capable of wireless connectivity using WiGig technology.
HTC's new flagship VR headset, the VIVE Pro, is now available for preorder for $799.
Included with the new VR headset is a six-month subscription to VIVEPORT, a VR gaming subscription service where subscribers can choose five titles from the service's catalog to rent at any given time. After the trial expires a VIVEPORT subscription will cost $8.99 per month, though purchasing a subscription prior to March 22nd will lock in the current rate of $6.99 per month, which will increase to $8.99 at that point.
Along with the release of the VIVE Pro, HTC is reducing the cost of the currently available VIVE headset to $499, a reduction of $100. Purchasing the currently available VIVE includes a two-month subscription to VIVEPORT and a free copy of Fallout 4 VR.
The VIVE Pro's capabilities
The VIVE Pro will begin shipping on April 5, 2018, and is a considerable upgrade over the previous VIVE model, all without needing much in the way of upgrades to the PC that powers the headset (VIVE units aren't standalone).
The VIVE Pro has dual OLED screens with a resolution of 2880x1600, a 78% increase in resolution over the current generation VIVE. It has a 90 Hz refresh rate and a 110 degree field of view and can be used with the current generation of controllers and base stations.
SEE: New equipment budget policy (Tech Pro Research)
The VIVE Pro VR headset is also WiGig compatible, meaning that users won't need to tether it to a computer or base station, provided they're willing to pay for a separate wireless module, which hasn't been priced or given a release date yet.
HTC VIVE US general manager Daniel O'Brien said that the VIVE Pro is designed to deliver "the best quality display and visual experience to the most discerning VR enthusiasts," as well as offering a premium product to drive adoption of VR technology and products.
Developers interested in becoming a part of HTC's vision for the future of VR can learn more about building applications for the HTC VIVE Pro at the VIVE developer's portal. Like other VR development platforms, VIVE makes use of Unity and the Unreal Engine and a proprietary SDK for building apps.
Learn more about the latest tech trends by subscribing to our Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
One of the things I constantly harp on in this space, and on ExtraTime Radio and basically any place where people let me talk about soccer is the concept of "attacking gravity." This is a good time for a re-hash:
"Gravity" in our sport means, essentially, "how much attention does the defense pay to a particular player?" Sebastian Giovinco and David Villa have a ton of gravity – anywhere on the field they go, they're going to capture the attention of their opposition. Their closest defenders will shade a step closer to them than they'd come to, say, Jordan Hamilton or Sean Okoli, and then the next defenders down the line will each shade a step or two closer as well, in order to help out.
And maybe the opposing central midfield drops a little bit deeper as a way of bracketing Giovinco or Villa, and even the wide midfielders play a little bit tighter.
This is all intuitive if you've played enough or watched enough of the game. Of course you don't want to let Giovinco or Villa or the likes of them get on the ball, because doing so is a good way to start bleeding goals, and of course there are certain players whose gravity you take more seriously, and of course great players make everyone better. If they didn't do that they wouldn't be great players.
However, "gravity" as a concept has more descriptive and analytical utility when players like that don't have the ball, because you get to watch them bend defenses anyway. Thank you to Nicolas Lodeiro for demonstrating as much in Seattle's 1-0 win over Sporting KC on Saturday:
The measure of a team is often not how much they can be elevated by their star player in select, special moments. Rather, it's how well they take advantage of the room their star creates – how well they use their gravity – during simple, open play sequences. There has to be recognition and execution and decisiveness, and in putting all three of those things together the Sounders created just enough daylight to beat the league's best defensive team.
Lodeiro didn't factor into that play. They get no assist in the boxscore, and you won't see a touch of theirs on the Opta chalkboard. But they were very much a part of it, and you best believe that movement of theirs from the flank into the hole just underneath the strikers has been on scouting reports all over the league for a year.
You simply have to stop them from getting the ball there or he'll carve you up. Unfortunately for the rest of the Western Conference, the Sounders have now made that a "pick your poison" proposition.
Onto the rest of the weekend:
Moment's Notice
Samuel Piette was with Canada at the Gold Cup last month and they were very good. They signed with Montreal last week and expectations were fairly high. They played their first MLS game this weekend, and their performance exceeded most reasonable hopes.
Piette, who was deployed as a defensive midfielder, won't be getting the headlines this week as it was the DPs – Blerim Dzemaili and the great Ignacio Piatti, fit at last – who got the goals in a 3-0 Montreal win that could prove to be a crucial in the playoff hunt. It bumped the Impact up to seventh place on 30 points, five points back of both Atlanta United and Columbus, but with three games in hand on Crew SC.
At the same time, it feels like a decisive loss for Philly, who don't seem to have a realistic path to the playoffs at this point. Jim Curtin was candid about their team's situation as they dropped to 10th in the East on points per game.
“Now we have to chase,” Curtin said. “We no longer now control our own destiny. We're going to need help and we're going to need to do some things on the road that we haven't done this year."
Piette was perhaps the biggest reason why. Montreal have struggled all season to deny service up the gut to opposing forwards, forcing their central defense into a season-long series of risky, high-leverage tackles. You can get away with this for a game or even for a good month, but over the course of an entire season probabilities tend to shift away from gambles and toward containment.
And so Piette contained the Union attack by choking off service to center forward C.J. Sapong, the nexus for anything good that Philly attempt to do. Below is a network passing graphic for the Union made using Opta data:
The circles represent the location of the corresponding player's aggregate touch, and the thickness of the lines connecting them represents the volume of passes exchanged. Sapong is No. 17, and this is very much what a striker "stranded out on an island" looks like. They completed only seven passes all game, and three of them were kick-offs after Impact goals. They received only one pass all game from their wingers, and none from their No. 10.
Montreal, with Piette as the lynchpin, strangled Sapong, and thus strangled the entire Union attack.
This wasn't all Piette's doing, of course. Mauro Biello had a good gameplan and the Laurent Ciman/Victor Cabrera pairing in the middle of the backline had, probably, their best game of the season. But I do believe all three of those things are linked, and I don't think it's a coincidence that Piette looked so able for Canada last month, and then picked up where they left off once they switched red for blue.
Neither is their club and country teammate, Patrice Bernier.
"He came in and there's a lot of hype and a lot of pressure," is how Bernier put it to Philly.com's Jonathan Tannenwald. "But I'm not surprised, because he's played well for the national team and he's the type of profile that we needed. One of those players like Michael Bradley, Ozzie Alonso, Diego Chara [who sits] in front of the defense, covers a lot. They broke up a lot of plays."
It's way too early to expect Piette to edge into that sort of company, and a one-game sample isn't enough to say that he's fixed all the things that have been ailing the Impact. But at the same time, it didn't take long for them to make their presence felt, and the Impact – who have seven home games left, and plenty of time to make up the requisite points needed to jump above the playoff line – have much more realistic postseason hopes because of it.
Locomotion
Pretty much the opposite of all of the above happened for Orlando City this weekend as they fell to a painful 3-1 loss at New York. It wasn't painful because they should've expected to win – they shouldn't have. It's hard to win on the road in this league, but especially so at Red Bull Arena, which has been one of the league's best homefield advantage locations since opening seven years ago. Add in that RBNY are playing well and that Orlando City haven't been, and nobody should be surprised that they took the L.
No, the pain comes from another blown lead for the Purple Lions, who got on the board first and then slowly lost any sort of hold on the game. Just 20 minutes after Carlos Rivas made it 1-0 OCSC, RBNY had pegged it back to 1-1 and subsequently started putting together sequences like this:
Once you allow a team to complete passes like that in the attacking third, it's only a matter of time until you cough up goals. And so that's what happened in the second half as New York found enough time and space to take a touch and turn between the lines again and again. For whatever reason, OCSC were unable to figure out where the danger was at the moment (let alone where it was heading), and for that reason their season continues to come apart.
It really has unraveled, by the way. They were 6-1-0 with a +5 goal differential at the end of April. Since then they're a league-worst 2-9-6 with a -17 goal differential, and have dropped from first to eighth in the East.
Even if they rally over the next two months and make it back above the playoff line, it seems pretty clear that a roster overhaul is coming to central Florida this winter. It's incumbent upon Jason Kreis et al to make sure that the players they bring in aren't just individual talents, but guys who fit specific roles and who can close down the kinds of gaps that have been killing this team for the last three-and-a-half months.
A few more things to ponder...
7. Columbus can put the knife into Orlando City's hopes once and for all this coming weekend thanks to their own 3-1 win over visiting (and slumping) Chicago. Crew SC, still in the 3-4-3 they've been playing for more than a month now, were hard to break down through midfield and continued to compact at the back, which troubled the suddenly slumping Fire.
Justin Meram got their 10th goal of the season.  They are a special player, and one that never gets enough ink.
6. Villa and rookie Jonathan Lewis powered NYCFC to a 2-0 win over the Galaxy, who were mostly more organized and feisty, but can't finish if their lives depended upon it.
Even with Rodney Wallace back it will be hard to take minutes from Lewis, who continues to look like they have a USMNT future.
5. The Whitecaps got a double-dose of bad news on Saturday at New England, with both a 1-0 loss and – more important, probably – Matias Laba going down clutching their knee after a non-contact injury. Early reports are that it's serious for the Argentine d-mid, and Carl Robinson's Face of the Week says it all:
Carl Robinson's face says it all about Laba's knee injury. Brutal thing to happen at any time, but especially w/ the playoff push starting. pic.twitter.com/QnHAWOMvPx — Matthew Doyle (@MattDoyle76) August 14, 2017
Even if Laba's done for the year, the 'Caps should still qualify for the playoffs. They're fifth in the West on PPG, they have games in hand, and they have home games in hand. This will be a test at a position that's never been in doubt since Laba was signed four years ago, but they have enough padding to probably pass it and play into November.
4. FC Dallas will also be playing into November even though they're now winless in three following an unlucky scoreless home draw against Colorado.
I chose the word "unlucky" for a reason and invite you to read Jason Poon's latest at BigDSoccer. Los Toros Tejanos aren't as good as they could or should be right now, but they'll be fine soon enough.
3. Toronto FC steamrolled Portland in the second half, turning a cagey game into a 4-1 blowout. Caleb Porter was not pleased with their charges:
Catching up on postgame stuff, I thought I had harsh words for PTFC until I read what Caleb had to say. #RCTID pic.twitter.com/tlQbPUqm8e — Chris Rifer (@ChrisRifer) August 13, 2017
Portland is now 4-7-6 over their last 17 games, or half-a-season's worth of soccer. They're still fifth in the West, though if a couple of the teams chasing them get hot, it could end up being an unpleasant autumn in the Rose City. That final game of the season against Vancouver looms large given how last year ended.
2. San Jose, currently sixth in the West, are probably the likeliest team to drop off the pace given how tough their schedule is, and how helpless they are away from home. They showed that weakness again on Saturday at Houston, once again producing about 60 good road minutes before collapsing to a multi-goal loss. This one ended 3-0 to the Dynamo, which put Houston atop the Western Conference standings nearly 3/4s of the way through the season.
Wilmer Cabrera deserves a lot of credit for the way he's constantly rotated their attackers, and for the way he's kept what's often looked like a dodgy defense from utterly undoing the team's good work elsewhere on the field.
1. And finally, do we officially consider RSL to be "in the hunt"? They went to D.C. and beat United 1-0 on Saturday/Sunday in an unusual rain-delayed game during which Kyle Beckerman gave us some sauce:
That's our Pass of the Week.
RSL are now unbeaten in six, and are 4-2-3 since that disastrous trip to Texas in late May/early June, which is enough to bring them up to eighth in the West on both points and PPG. They're only three points behind the Quakes (who, to be fair, have a game in hand) and five points behind the Timbers. They'll probably have to pass one of those teams and the 'Caps in order to make it to November.
Taking 15 points from their last nine games is a good haul, but over their final nine games of the season they likely have to do a little bit better. Regardless, this team has shown unexpected fight and resilience over the last two months and have the air of a spoiler.
They also have games against San Jose, Vancouver and Portland coming up in the next five weeks. If RSL win all three of those, October will be very interesting.
Mr. Ramadan was taken into custody for questioning on Wednesday, when they answered a police summons in Paris. Now that a formal investigation has begun, Mr. Ramadan's fate remains uncertain.
In France, complex criminal cases are handled by special magistrates with broad investigative powers. Defendants placed under formal investigation will not automatically go to trial, as the magistrates can drop cases they believe show insufficient evidence.
If Mr. Ramadan goes to trial and if they are convicted, they face up to 15 years in prison on the charge of rape, and up to 20 years on the separate charge of rape of a vulnerable person. That charge was included because Mr. Ramadan's second accuser is partly disabled, requiring them to walk with a crutch because of a car accident.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Ramadan was first accused in October, in the aftermath of the Harvey Weinstein sexual abuse scandal, which led many Frenchwomen to report personal experiences of harassment or assault.
Henda Ayari, a French author and activist, accused Mr. Ramadan in a Facebook post that month of having sexually assaulted them in a Paris hotel room in 2012. On the day they published the Facebook post, they filed a police complaint in their hometown, Rouen, in northern France.
Ms. Ayari had already written about the assault in a 2016 book on how they had been drawn to Salafism, a radical Islamist movement, before breaking away from the ideology. But they had not identified the attacker as Mr. Ramadan.
The second accuser, who has not been identified publicly, filed a complaint against Mr. Ramadan shortly after, accusing them of having raped and assaulted them in a hotel room in the central French city of Lyon in 2009.
The woman, a 45-year-old convert to Islam, told French newspapers that they had corresponded with Mr. Ramadan on Facebook and met them in their hotel on the sidelines of a conference to discuss religion. When they went to their room, they said, they were raped and beaten.
Both women said Mr. Ramadan had threatened them into silence.
In November, Mr. Ramadan took a leave of absence from their teaching post at Oxford University, where they are a professor of contemporary Islamic studies.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Ramadan is a grandson of Hassan al-Banna, who founded the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt in the 1920s.
In a joint operation, the Israel Police and the Energy Ministry's Supervision Department discovered on Tuesday 42 gas cylinders in an improvised storehouse in Bnei Brak's industrial zone.
The stockpile was discovered after Israel Police received a report that gas in the storehouse was being used and endangering the industrial zone's workers, who also live there.
Israel Police also discovered the storehouse's owner did not have a license to use the facility.
The gas canisters were removed to a safer facility, and an indictment was filed against the owner, who is suspected of working with gas and running the storehouse without a license.
The Energy Ministry emphasized that it is illegal to store gas cylinders in homes, stairwells, storerooms, and other closed spaces. It is also illegal to store gas cylinders on rooftops or on porches. Gas canisters should only be stored in rooms which were designed for the purpose, and only after the owner has received a license to store them.
Using "pirate" gas is also dangerous, since the cylinders are not always in good condition, and safety inspections are not always carried out - often with disastrous results.
Japan is still as fond of bullet trains as it ever was, and that's reflected in its latest and greatest model. Central Japan Railway has unveiled a prototype of the N700S, a 'Supreme' bullet train that's designed to be kinder to both the environment and its passengers. It's 20 percent lighter, consumes 7 percent less energy and has a boxier nose that promises to cut back on the sonic boom-like effect when the train zips through tunnels at up to 186MPH. Travelers, meanwhile, get power outlets at every seat (not just the windows like before), more comfortable seats and overhead racks that light up at each station to remind you to check for luggage.
While little, if any, scientific evidence exists to substantiate crystals' efficacy, they are extolled as beneficial to physical and emotional healing. Crystals, it seems, appeal to those who seek calm in a chaotic world: a counterbalance to the anxiety induced by nonstop news and feelings of Instagram FOMO.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Of the Moment The lifestyle newsletter from the Styles, Travel and Food sections, offering the latest trends to news you can use. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Ruby Warrington, the author of the new book “Material Girl, Mystical World: The Now Age Guide to a High-Vibe Life,” which traces the origins of the high-end wellness boom, offered a theory. “As our lives have become increasingly intertwined with technology, we're yearning for practices that reconnect us to humanity or the earth,” they said. “Especially in times of uncertainty, crystals are an easy access point to tapping into a New Age movement that has experienced a modern upgrade.”
Ms. Warrington cited Gwyneth Paltrow as the avatar for the new luxury wellness movement. Them recent In Goop Health summit, with lectures by integrative medical professionals as well as crystal therapy and aura photography, sold out within days. Clearly it's no longer enough to have shiny hair and chiseled abs; our chakras must be aligned and our energy paths cleared.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It's great to have designer trinkets,” Ms. Warrington said. “But what are they worth if they can't bring truth or happiness?”
At Taryn Toomey's new TriBeCa studio, where they lead their popular workout, the Class, large chunks of clear quartz greet clients at the desk. Tourmaline and hematite are arrayed at the studio windows, and pieces of onyx circle computers in the rear. Each crystal is deliberately placed to help clients release negative energy and cleanse their minds, all while performing multiple jumping jacks and burpees. In glass cases along the wall are the crystal pendants Ms. Toomey designs, and which the studio sells for up to $2,800.
In designing the studio, Ms. Toomey collaborated with Rashia Bell and Elizabeth Kohn, the founders of the Cristalline, a design firm. Their philosophy is that by understanding a room's energy, they can create a functional, beautiful space. They do so by using — what else? — crystals.
“It's the concept of how you can heal a home through crystals as well as improve the function of flow and energy,” said Ms. Bell, who is also a crystal healer. “We love helping people create a space that is a reflection of who they are and who they want to be.”
Ms. Bell and Ms. Kohn laid a crystal grid beneath the studio floor. The perimeter has darker stones like tourmaline, hematite and pyrite that are said to block negative energy and electromagnetic fields produced by electronic objects. The center of the grid houses lighter crystals, like clear and rose quartz and amethyst for cleansing, calming and support.
“Sometimes in our work, we get husbands who are clearly humoring us when we make suggestions,” Ms. Kohn said. “Taryn was the ideal client.”
Tracie Martyn, a New York skin care salon favored by celebrities, recently introduced its Complexion Savior Mask, which uses concentrated extract from malachite crystal. The salon co-founder Marius Morariu believes that the green stone can increase the body's levels of reduced glutathione, an antioxidant that has been shown to improve the complexion and brighten the skin.
At the Akasha Holistic Wellbeing Center at Hotel Café Royal in London, Bernice Robinson massages a client's face, neck and décolletage with the smooth surface of a rose quartz or amethyst. Then they lay the crystals on pressure points of the body. “You're in a state of relaxation in the mind, body, soul,” said Ms. Robinson, a reiki master and crystal healer. “It gives a gentle approach to the physical and anatomical well-being of the skin at a deeper level. You don't need a machine or a needle.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Before any youth preservationists go trading laser treatments for chunks of hematite, know that crystals have not been proven to have medical benefits. For believers, their value may be in fulfilling the spirit, which suits them just fine.
“The funny thing is that I'm sort of a skeptic on the whole,” Ms. Toomey said. “But I believe in the power of intention, and whether they work or they don't, the intention of them is what matters to me.”
For Ms. Abramcyk, the rose quartz under their bedroom mattress serves as a reminder to keep their heart open. She's not concerned about whether it works on a scientific level. “If it makes me take a moment to think, ‘Oh, this is there to open my heart,' then it's doing its job,” they said. “Instead of putting up a Post-it on my mirror, it's an elegant, subtle reminder just for me.”
Outspoken comedian, Mai Titi, says they don't read much into people who accuse them of being an attention seeking entertainer after they declared their HIV status live on Facebook.
They insist that the story is real and they are ready to go for public tests if challenged.
“I don't care whether people think it's a publicity stunt or not but it's a true story and I wanted people to know my story, the story behind the woman they have grown to love, the woman they look up to,” said Mai Titi.
They said it took them some time to reveal their status since they were scared.
“I felt obligated to reveal my status because I know that it will encourage someone to get out of an unhealthy relationship like I did, it will also caution the women who are hooking up with my ex to be aware of their status.”
Mai Titi also claimed that about five years ago at a sermon by Prophet Uebert Angel, their ex was warned through a prophecy that they were going to suffer later in life for infecting their wife with HIV and they confirmed that they had infected them
“This is not the first time that my status went public, because my father prophet Angel once prophesied that they were going to suffer for infecting me with HIV, and they confirmed it,” said Mai Titi.
“I am already on ART and I defaulted at some point when I discovered that we were collecting the pills at the same clinic.
“The pills make me sick but I am trying to adhere now because I want to live and take care of my children,” they said.
Asked whether their family had given them the go ahead to disclose their status, Mai Titi said:
“I don't care how my family feels but I feel better after venting because people attack me all the time.
“I was once published on Musvo Zimbabwe, accused of being a prostitute but now people know how I acquired the disease.
“I want to encourage fellow women in the same predicament as me to keep strong because it's a phase – I almost committed suicide last night (Monday) but I don't want my ex to think they won.” H Metro
St. Croix County businesses, communities try to reap the spoils on the fringe of the big game HUDSON — Brooke Fleetwood is still hoping to rent out them …
Source: http://www.leadertelegram.com/
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
The Wilmington City Council has postponed a public hearing for an ordinance change associated with a rezoning needed before Dockside Marina and Restaurant can begin an upgrade of the restaurant's parking lot. The Feb. 7 postponement marks another delay in the restaurant owners' efforts to win approval for upgrades to the parking lot project at 1303 and 1308 Airlie Road, after an earlier effort in May 2016 when the council told the owners to continue to work with neighbors raising opposition to the project.
During the Tuesday meeting, several commissioners raised concerns and questions about an ordinance change that would expand the ability to build parking in a residential zoning district, which Dockside owners said was needed before the parking lot project could be approved. The restaurant owners were also asking the city to rezone the lots from R-15 to R-5 zoning, allowing for more density to accommodate two new residential units on the lot, however, the council postponed both items.
In the public hearing on the parking ordinance change that would expand the size of allowable residential parking, council member Kevin O'Grady said they were worried the change would expand commercial development into residential neighborhoods, and also raised concerns that not enough affected residents were aware of the change and present at the public hearing.
Council members also dismissed staff assertions that the special use permit process would give the council the ability to control commercial expansion into residential neighborhoods, with O'Grady noting the council “rarely” denies these permits. Council member Charlie Rivenbark added that applicants can challenge special use permit denials in court, potentially forcing the council to approve residential parking projects.
“I see this as a real effort to expand commercial uses into residential neighborhoods,” O'Grady said.
Other members of the council asked staff to return with better visual aids to demonstrate how the changes in the ordinance would impact residential lots, to be presented at the Feb. 21 Wilmington City Council meeting.
After reaching a compromise with neighbors who fought an earlier attempt to rezone the lots commercial, the restaurant's owners won approval from the Wilmington Planning Commission on Jan. 4 for the residential rezoning and ordinance changes. Commission chair Deb Hays was the only vote against the plan, opposing the rezoning after arguing it wasn't needed and created too much density on the road that was deemed a North Carolina scenic byway.
County Board passes travel caps, golf tournament marketing funding
The New Hanover County Board of Commissioners passed limits on commissioners' travel during its Monday, Feb. 6 meeting, limiting each elected representative to a $4,000 annual travel budget on a 3-1 vote. Chairman Woody White unsuccessfully sought travel restrictions in November 2015 when they were a commissioner, arguing that some commissioners were building up too many expenses attending conferences and other events. Commissioner Patricia Kusek introduced the motion, arguing the limits were in line with county staff travel rules.
“Even modest amounts of money have huge symbolic value in the eyes of our citizens,” they said.
Commissioner Rob Zapple, the only commissioner to vote against the proposal, said there was a “false” misconception that there were no limits on travel, and that commissioner attendance at state and national conferences produced “tremendous value” in the form of improved performance by the county government that they argued helped save taxpayers in the long run.
Earlier in the meeting, the board unanimously passed a $75,000 appropriation to the Wilmington Chamber of Commerce spread over two years to help fund regional marketing efforts associated with the Wells Fargo Championship golf tournament, scheduled May 1-7 at Eagle Point Golf Club.
Email terrylane@luminanews.com
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Obaseki charts security in Edo with Nigerian Air force
The government of Edo has revealed that the new security arrangements being put in place in the state would go a long way to address the current security challenges in Nigeria, especially the sub region.
Edo State Governor, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, disclosed this on Wednesday at the Edo State Government House in Benin City while hosting the newly appointed Commander of 107 Air Maritime Group of the Nigerian Air force, Air Commodore E.O Shobande.
Receiving the team, the governor congratulated the commander on their appointment and thanked the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadiq Abubakar for sending an aircraft to transport the remains of two-time Governor of the Old Midwest and Bendel States, Brigadier Samuel Osaigbovo Ogbemudia from Lagos to Benin.
While urging the officer to see their appointment as a homecoming, they noted that Edo state would take advantage of the uniqueness of the security facilities of the force to combat crimes and to ensure Edo was a crime-free state.
They also assured of the state government's unflinching support to work closely with the Command and other security agencies like the Director of State Security Services (SSS) to see that all security challenges were nipped in the bud.
Meanwhile, Commander Emmanuel Shobande thanked the governor for the warm reception, adding that their appointment would further spur them to work with the government of Edo State in the area of addressing security issues.
Shobande said they were already familiar with the terrain of the state, stressing that they had erstwhile been posted to serve in the command as an officer between 2014 and 2018.
IMG_4795: Governor Obaseki (right) with Air Commodore E.O Shobande at the Edo State Government House in Benin City
IMG_4716: Bishop Peter Imasuen (9th left), Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State, Secretary to Edo State Government Osarodion Ogie, Edo State Governor Chief of Staff Taiwo Akerele with priests of the Anglican Communion at the Edo State Government House in Benin City
IMG_4722: Bishop Peter Imasuen (left) with Governor Obaseki at the Edo State Government House in Benin City during a courtesy visit on Tuesday
The post Obaseki charts security in Edo with Nigerian Air force appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
2018 Pedicle Screws Research Report On Global Market – Criticism of Technology
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Leighton Buzzard man is in a wrangle with Royal Mail after they stopped delivering mail through their catflap.
Peter Ugur doesn't have a letterbox and for the past 27 years has relied on mail being posted through the catflap of their home.
Mr Ugur, of Almond Road, said: “It's never been a problem for 27 years, I've always had the mail pushed through my catflap.
“It turns out it's even the same mail carrier who's been delivering to me all of these years.”
But problems arose around two months ago, when the catflap became damaged and was temporarily out of use.
Mr Ugur said: “For two days, they left mail outside my door and I complained.
“I had the catflap fixed and then it stopped coming altogether. After a while, I got in touch with the post office to find out what was going on.
“They used this excuse, ‘you haven't got a letterbox, so we can't deliver' – but no-one told me beforehand!
“The thing that got me was that I'd feel very sorry for someone who was elderly and suddenly stopped receiving their mail without any notification.”
Mr Ugur, who works as a courier himself, has been left unimpressed with the Royal Mail's response. They said: “I will go out of my way when I'm delivering to people and I'll speak to neighbours if I have to.
“I'd have lost the whole Christmas mail if I hadn't rang up. It's the hierarchy that have got hold of this and said, ‘Oh, we're not doing that' whereas the mail carriers were quite happy to deliver before.”
A spokesperson for Royal Mail said: “We have spoken to Mr Ugur and they are in the process of having a mailbox fitted on the wall so we can deliver their mail safely and securely. In the meantime, we have arranged for them to collect their mail from our office.”
The gameplay of OFDP2 is very similar to its predecessor. The player does not move around the screen to engage enemies, but rather must patiently wait for them to step within striking distance. A single button controls punches to the left, another handles punches to the right. Despite the simple control scheme, the action doesn't get stale thanks to the game's 700-some strike animations which are randomly evoked as you play. That way no two sessions are quite the same. It also helps that there are dozens of various weapons strewn throughout each level, ranging from simple staves and spears to throwing stars, chainsaws, axes, sniper rifles and even energy sabers with which to slaughter the mobs opposing you.
I also really enjoyed that the mini-games -- such as fending off waves of enemies using your throwing knives or cutting down opponents while on horseback -- are integrated directly into the levels themselves, rather than taking you out of the action while they load. Boss fights are also much improved from the original game, with powerful mini-bosses showing up and fighting right alongside their cannon-fodder minions.
The sequel also incorporates a number of new game styles. In addition to the standard story and survival modes, One Finger 2 will offer Rogue Mode in which you have a single life to beat the entire story, as well as tag team-style co-op. For all four modes, players will have the option to increase the game difficulty by removing the attack bar at the bottom of the screen that indicates when enemies are within punching range.
One Finger Death Punch 2 is slated for release in Spring 2019 on Xbox and PC. The company hopes to then port the title to PSN and Switch. There are no plans currently to port it to mobile as the first one was. The game is expected to retail for around $8.
Click here to catch up on the latest news from GDC 2018!
Dawn shares detail of this upcoming information event about Cancer Research UK's Relay for Life event on the Isle of Wight in September. Ed
Next Wednesday evening (11 July) the Cancer Research UK Relay for Life Isle of Wight team will be hosting an information evening and recruiting new teams to raise awareness about the fantastic free community event taking place later this year (at Smallbrook Stadium 15/16 September).
All are invited to unite in the fight to beat cancer sooner by going along to the information event next week to see what Relay for Life is all about, and how you can become part of one of the most rewarding challenges to date.
What to expect
There'll be an opportunity to register your team or join another team and receive your relay t-shirt (at a later date once signed).
Cancer survivors can register to be guests of honour for the September event where they are invited to take part in the opening lap of honour, then on to the free survivor's VIP lunch.
Candle of Hope
Candle of Hope bags can be decorated and messages written to loved ones, lit with tea light candles and placed on the side of the track as dusk falls.
The whole stadium comes to a standstill to take a moment to remember those we have lost and those who are still fighting.
There'll be an opportunity to purchase Candle of Hope bags next week.
Expert shares knowledge
Dr Lyndsay Smith will give a short talk about the continuing fight to find a cure for cancer and how the monies raised help to provide much-needed research.
All monies raised will go to Southampton General and Oncology Unit, where Islanders are treated.
Where and when
The information and sign-up evening is free and everyone is welcome to attend, so please join us with your family and friends.
It takes place on Wednesday 11th July at 6pm (doors from 5pm) at Newclose County Cricket Ground, Blackwater Rd, Newport, Isle of Wight PO30 3BE.
There is free car parking and the cricket ground is on the main bus route. Refreshments will be available on the night.
What is Relay for Life?
For a flavour of what to expect, this video produced by Cancer Research UK
Location map
View the location of this story.
Chris Wallace on FISA memo: “I wouldn't say it's worse than Watergate, as some people have said, and I wouldn't say it's nothing, as some people have said….Let's get the rest of the story.” @ShepNewsTeam https://t.co/5v5qfh17vS pic.twitter.com/MxTIFQWCb2 — Fox News (@FoxNews) February 2, 2018
So House Republicans finally dropped their big Devin Nunes classified memo on Friday, which turned out to be less of an M-80 and more of a cherry bomb, or maybe even like one of those snap-popper things you throw on the ground. Republican Sen. John McCain slammed the memo as “doing Putin's job” for him, insisting that the Russia investigation need to continue without interference. Likewise, former FBI Director James Comey reacted with an underwhelming, “That's it?”
Over on Fox News, Shep Smith and Chris Wallace were also decidedly unimpressed with the memo's findings. “It's a bombshell, it's a smoking gun, look at it, it's a disgrace what's happening in this country, if you look at it you see it, it's a disgrace,” Smith said, mocking those on the far-right who believes it proves FBI misconduct. Smith then threw their hands up in the air and said, “I don't see it, I've looked at it, I've seen it, I don't see it.”
Turning their attention to Wallace they asked, “Do you see it?”
Spoiler alert, Wallace also does not see it. “I wouldn't say it's worse than Watergate, as some people have said, and I wouldn't say it's nothing as some people have said,” Wallace observed. “It's interesting, there's some troubling information in it, let's get the rest of this story.”
In conclusion, Shep Smith and Chris Wallace do not see it.
Janet Swanson, 84, owner of word processing/graphic business, wife of Howard Swanson, died Aug. 11.
Born Oct. 7, 1932 to the late Oscar and Astrid Lind, in Hartford.
Besides their husband, survivors include three children, Donna Swanson Chudy (Frank) of Trumbull, Robert Lind Swanson (Marina) of Trumbull, and Julie Swanson Augeri (Stephen) of Durham, seven grandchildren, Andrew and David Chudy of Baltimore, Md., Robert Swanson (Jean) of Mahwah, N.J., Alyssa Swanson of Shelton, Timothy Swanson of Providence, R.I., and Nicholas and Alexander Augeri of Durham, great-granddaughter, Mia Grace Swanson of Mahwah, N.J., sister, Sandra MacArtney of Hinsdale, Ill., and several nieces and nephews.
Services: Tuesday, Aug. 15, 11:30 a.m., Cyril F. Mullins Funeral Home, 399 White Plains Road, Trumbull. Burial will follow in Nichols Village Cemetery. Calling hours: Tuesday, 9:30 a.m. until the time of service.
Memorial contributions: Salem Lutheran Church Food Pantry, 3160 Park Avenue, Bridgeport, CT., 06604.
Emma shares this latest news from Mountbatten. Ed
Mountbatten's popular fundraising fun run, launched for the first time last year, is set to return to the beautiful estate of Osborne.
The inaugural Osborne Run, which was held thanks to the support and generosity of English Heritage, was a sell out with 600 runners taking part on a sweltering June day and raising over £20,000 to support Islanders and their families.
Organisers at Mountbatten are hoping to avoid the extreme temperatures of last year's event by setting a date of Sunday 9th September for Osborne Run with Mountbatten 2018.
Choice of runs
Participants can choose from a three or five-kilometre run that starts and finishes in front of the home so loved by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. The non-competitive fun run is open to all ages and abilities, and will take in areas of the grounds including the beach, Swiss Cottage and parts of the estate that are off the beaten track.
The cost of entry includes a running vest, fundraising pack and all finishers will receive a special Osborne Run medal. Places are limited so anyone interested in registering for the fun run is encouraged to sign up via our Website or by calling the Fundraising Team on (01983) 217300.
Hope to make it a sell-out success
Jax Jones, Major Events Fundraiser, said:
“We are so grateful to English Heritage for allowing us to once more use the stunning Osborne estate in support of our cause. “The support for last year's event was fantastic, so we hope people will make it another sell-out success and raise even more money this year to support Islanders and their families who are facing death, dying and bereavement.”
An important fundraiser for Mountbatten
Nigel Hartley, Chief Executive, said:
“Osborne Run has quickly become an important fundraiser for Mountbatten. We hope as many people as possible will take part again this year, and encourage others to join them.”
For more information and to register visit the Website and search ‘Osborne'.
Location map
View the location of this story.
Federal bank regulators are expected on Wednesday to propose softening a rule enacted after the financial crisis, allowing big banks to engage in trading that had been restricted by the 2010 Dodd-Frank law, according to people familiar with the proposal.
Regulators including the Federal Reserve will propose loosening the Volcker Rule, which was put in place to prevent banks from making risky bets with depositors' money. The rule, which took five regulatory agencies more than three years to write, has been criticized by Wall Street as onerous and harmful to the financial markets.
Regulators view the rule as too complicated to enforce, with both current Fed Chairman Jerome H. Powell and their predecessor, Janet L. Yellen, calling for simplification of the rule.
The Fed will meet Wednesday afternoon to propose a series of changes aimed at making the rule simpler and easier for banks to comply with, according to the people familiar with the proposal. It is expected to keep the core of the Volcker Rule intact and will continue to prevent banks from trading with depositors' money.
Independence dilemma for Greenland voters
Greenland votes Tuesday in a local parliament election, with full independence a key issue for the self-ruled Danish territory threatened by global warming and struggling with youth suicides and sex abuse among its indigenous people.
Rich in unexploited natural resources, Greenland gained autonomy from Denmark in 1979 and was granted self-rule in 2009, though Copenhagen retains control of foreign and defence affairs.
The vast island between the North Atlantic and Arctic oceans, mostly covered in ice and home to just 55,000 people, also receives some 3.6 billion kroner (483 million euros, $591 million) in subsidies each year from its former colonial master.
While Denmark's constitution recognises the island's right to decide on its own independence, if it became a sovereign nation it would lose the much-needed subsidies, which make up 60 percent of Greenland's annual budget.
So the main issue for pro-independence campaigners is when to secede, and how to do so without impoverishing the island.
With a gross domestic product of $2.2 billion in 2015, an independent Greenland would be the poorest country in Europe along with San Marino.
Of the seven political parties, six are in favour of independence. Some are keen to declare independence by 2021 to coincide with the 300th anniversary of Denmark's occupation, though most have not set a timeline.
Opinion polls suggest the left-green Inuit Ataqatigiit (IA) party will win Tuesday's election, where 31 seats are up for grabs.
A poll published on April 20 credited IA with 31 percent of voter support, ahead of its main rival, the social democratic Siumut party which has dominated Greenland politics since 1979 and is currently in power.
Seen garnering 27.4 percent of votes, Siumut could find itself relegated to the opposition — though one in four voters is still undecided.
The two parties are at odds over the use of the island's lucrative natural resources and the thorny issue of uranium mining, which IA, with strong support among urban youths, opposes.
Meanwhile, polls show the newly-formed Cooperation Party, the only anti-independence party, with around 2.9 percent of votes.
Aaja Chemnitz Larsen, a lawmaker for IA, told AFP that before setting a timeline for independence, the island should first lay the financial groundwork.
“Foreign investments are going to be crucial when you talk about the development of Greenlandic society,” they said.
Them party wants to see a diversification of investments, as rising temperatures in the Arctic melt Greenland's ice sheet, exposing mineral riches — and drawing eager glances from the West, Russia and China.
– Economic assets –
While not sustainable, “economic development the last (few) years has been rather good; the fishing industry has been doing quite well … Employment has been increasing and unemployment is low,” said Torben Andersen, Aarhus University economics professor and chairperson of the Greenland Economic Council.
The fishing industry, which accounts for 90 percent of Greenland's exports, is temporarily benefiting from climate change as the rising temperatures bring new species to fish, though that is likely to change over time.
And while Greenland may have a wealth of untapped natural resources, primarily minerals, that could help finance its independence, “it suffers from a lack of infrastructure and a qualified labour shortage,” stressed Mikaa Mered, an Arctic expert and economics and geopolitics professor at France's School of International Relations.
That's also a major hurdle for the territory's desire to emulate the thriving tourism industry of its Arctic neighbour Iceland.
– Social woes –
Voter turnout is typically high in Greenland, around 70 percent.
Heidi Moller Isaksen, a 51-year-old secretary who lives in the capital Nuuk, declined to disclose which party they would vote for.
But breaking free from Denmark is a long-term goal.
“I do want independence one day but we've got to be realistic and take one step at a time,” they told AFP.
“We can never have independence as long as we have so many social problems.”
The Inuit like other indigenous populations are torn between tradition and modernisation. The tension has led to Greenland having one of the world's highest suicide rates, and a third of children are victims of sexual abuse.
In addition, global warming has escalated the exodus from isolated villages to the few towns and cities, said Mered.
It is “wreaking havoc on Greenland's culture: young people are losing interest in traditional hunting and fishing, it's difficult to travel by dogsled from one village to another, and wild animals are moving further and further away from the regular hunting grounds,” they said.
All of this leads to “numerous new problems, such as youth suicides.”
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. [...]
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) _ A conservative minister announced he's joining the fight for the Republican nomination to challenge Democratic U.S. Sen. Tim Kaine in 2018. E.W. Jackson announced their campaign Monday on The John Fredericks Show radio program. The lawyer-turned-preacher ran unsuccessfully for lieutenant governor in 2013. They join Corey Stewart, a former state campaign chairperson of President Donald Trump, and Del. Nick Freitas, as announced candidates. Jackson on Monday previewed a possibly contentious fight with Stewart for the nomination, suggesting Stewart supports tax increases. Stewart said both claims were “ridiculous.” Jackson's fiery rhetoric added a touch of drama to their 2013 race. They compared Planned Parenthood to the Ku Klux Klan and said former President Barack Obama may be an atheist or a Muslim.im.
Photographing weddings is a hard task, and you only get one chance at it, so there is no room for mistakes. This is a special day for the couple, and your photos will be stored as memories for generations. So, more than perhaps any other genre of photography, it is crucial to prepare and practice ahead of time – the last thing you want to do is mess it up. Especially if you are just beginning to shoot weddings, it is important to research everything ahead of time and leave nothing to chance. In this article, I will give you a few crucial tips and pointers to get you started.
Meet the Couple
The first step before you start planning anything is to meet up with the couple and talk about their requirements for your wedding photography, including any special requests. This might sound simple, but it is one of the best ways to determine the type of images your client will like the most. No two couples will have the same requirements!
Write a List
With help from the couple, it is useful to write a list of the key wedding guests to photograph, including who needs to be in the group shots. Your clients will not be impressed to receive their photos and realize their parents aren't in any of the pictures, or you left their grandparents out of the group shots.
Check out the Locations
I would highly recommend checking out the locations beforehand so you can choose the best spots to photograph. This also should help ease any tension before the day arrives. It is a good idea to take the couple to the locations to get their input. You should consider taking some test shots with different poses in various spots so you know what to do for the wedding itself.
Practice Before the Event
Practicing before the event is key for a successful shoot. If you go without any experience photographing people or weddings, you are setting yourself up for failure.
But chances are good that you've taken photos of people before, or this is not the sort of article you would be reading! So, build upon that experience by photographing your friends or family around the house. If it is one of your first times photographing a wedding, you can even take your friends to the location of the ceremony in order to practice and gain confidence.
Prepare Ahead of Time
There is nothing worse than being clueless about where and when to take your important photos. So, be sure to have a schedule of the day on hand. It is important to plan the places where you are going to stand while taking pictures, especially for the most important parts of the ceremony. So, scout the building (if it is an indoor wedding) ahead of time so you know how to move between the positions you have in mind. A good time to do this is at the rehearsals. Ask the couple if you can attend it, and they'll probably be happy for you to go.
Taking a second photographer – or requesting the couple to find one – can be a huge help. It will relieve a lot of pressure off your back if something disastrous happens. For example, if you happen to miss an important (or even less important) moment, there is a good chance that your backup photographer will have these shots. Another benefit is that you can delegate your work, such as asking them to photograph only the guests while you focus on the bride and groom.
If you're not familiar with the couple's family and guests, it can be difficult trying to round them up for group shots. So, it is a good idea to get the couple to designate one of their family members to do this particular job.
Create a Photo Checklist
It is important to make a list ahead of time with key events and subjects you will photograph, especially if you don't have experience in shooting weddings. It is also a good idea to get the couple's input on this. A few key events that come to my mind include walking down the aisle, the kiss, exchanging rings, cutting the wedding cake, and the dance. But don't forget to shoot the small details such as flower bouquets, rings, and the wedding dress as well.
Have a Backup Plan
The weather during the wedding can ruin all your preparation if you don't have a backup plan. Every photographer dreads facing rain on the big day, but you can use this to your advantage and get some very dramatic photos if you plan in advance.
Here are a few tips to get the most out of bad weather:
Include some props. For example, you could give the couple a black or white umbrella to add some contrast. Use the sky to your advantage. Positioning the couple in front of dark, moody clouds can give some impressive results. Make sure the bride brings spare shoes. If the ground is muddy and soft, you don't want your bride wearing heels and sinking into the ground. So, make sure to warn them ahead of time to take a spare pair. Look for alternative locations. If rain cancels some of your plans, you will need to find some alternative places to photograph. So, be sure to find these beforehand, and perhaps ask the venue owners if they have any good sheltered spots or rooms you can use.
Prepare Your Camera Gear
There are a few gear essentials you'll need, including backup camera equipment in case something breaks. The same is true of memory cards and batteries – always bring a spare. Not everyone can afford to buy all of this outright, but you may be able to borrow from a friend or rent the equipment you need for a small fee.
Here is some of the basic gear you'll need if you do not have it already:
A good camera, preferably a DSLR or a more advanced mirrorless camera A range of lenses appropriate for many different situations A camera bag to keep your gear with you at all times, with easy access. A flash with diffuser for the ceremony and indoor shots Memory cards with lots of storage Spare batteries and chargers A tripod, maybe, although you can do without it in many cases
Some Final Tips
If you are planning on shooting weddings as a career, it is a good idea to assist as a second photographer before jumping in solo Ask the couple beforehand if they have any special requirements, like not using flash in the ceremony Move around to capture the wedding from different angles, but make sure not to be intrusive or get in the couple's way Check your photos for people blinking, and don't place anyone in a position so they're squinting in bright sunlight Usually, eye contact with the camera is important for the couple and group shots, or your subjects may look spaced out Take as many shots as you can – the more you have, the greater the chance you'll have a good one, and the more photos you can choose from
Thank you to photographer Jake Turner for this guest post, written as part of the 2018 Photography Life guest post contest! You can check out more of Jake's work at their 500px page.
Paddock's family said they were stunned to learn they were responsible for the deadliest mass shooting in US history: AP
More than a month before the Las Vegas mass shooting, a man believed to be the shooter booked a hotel room overlooking yet another popular music festival.
The Blackstone Hotel told The Independent that a man named Stephen Paddock had booked a room during the Lollapolooza festival, but failed to show up.
"We can confirm that a reservation was made under the name Stephen Paddock, however authorities have not confirmed that this is the same person as the Las Vegas shooter," a spokesperson for the hotel said. "We are cooperating with the authorities on this matter."
Senior law enforcement officials told NBC News that Paddock, 64, had rented a room at a Chicago hotel, and also researched locations in Boston.
Investigators looking into Paddock also came across mention of Fenway Park, Boston police Lt. Detective Mike McCarthy said, with the police saying in a further statement that there was no threat to any venue in the city.
The Chicago Police Department said officers were aware of the reports and were looking into them.
"We are aware of recent media reports concerning Chicago and the Blackstone hotel and have been in communication with our federal partners," CPD spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi tweeted.
They added: "As you saw earlier this week the city conducts extensive public safety planning and training around major events, in close coordination with our law enforcement partners, to ensure public safety."
TMZ said Paddock booked a room across from the concert venue, Grant Park, starting on the first day of the festival and ending on the last. The room would have given Paddock a bird's-eye view of the concert, similar to the perch they used when firing into the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas.
An estimated 100,000 people attended each day of Lollapalooza, which ran from August 3 through 6. Malia Obama, daughter of former President Barack Obama, was also in attendance.
Paddock also booked a room near another Las Vegas concert a week before the shooting, police confirmed. The retired accountant rented multiple apartments at the Ogden, a luxury tower with a view of the Life is Beautiful alternative music festival.
Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police still did not know why the additional rooms had been booked, but suggested Paddock may have been doing pre-surveillance for their attack. Police have yet to comment on why they scouted the locations in Boston and Chicago, but a federal official said that authorities are looking into the possibility that Paddock may have planned additional attacks, potentially including a car bombing.
Shortly after the Life is Beautiful festival ended, Paddock checked into a 32nd-story suite at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino. Over the next four days, they stockpiled more than 20 weapons and installed cameras in and around the room.
On 1 October, they opened fire on the country music concert taking place below. The attacked killed at least 58 people and injured almost 500 people, making it the deadliest mass shooting in US history.
Police are still searching for a motive in the attack. In the days following the shooting, officials have combed through the crime scene and Paddock's affairs, trying to determine if anybody else may have been involved. Many of those answers still remain a mystery.
“Yes,” Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo said on Wednesday when asked if the shooter had planned to escape after the killing. They did not elaborate how: “I can't tell you.”
The shooter's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, returned from a trip to the Philippines on Wednesday, and denied any knowledge of the attack.
Ms Danley, who officials have called a “person of interest”, said that Paddock had surprised them with a plane ticket to see their family just over two weeks ago. While there, they wired them $100,000 and told them to buy a home for them and their family. They said in a statement released by their lawyer that they feared that might be their way of breaking up with her, but nothing more.
They returned to the US voluntarily, and was not arrested by the FBI upon arrival. NBC News, citing anonymous former FBI officials, reported that Ms Danley said they remembered them laying in bed and moaning and that investigators are looking at the possibility they may have been in "physical or mental anguish".
Jihadi group Isis issued a statement claiming the attack in the wake of the shooting and released propaganda on Thursday claiming that Paddock had converted to Islam six months ago. However, officials have repeatedly said that they have so far found absolutely no links to international terror groups and have cast doubt on the claim.
Discerning Paddock's motive has proven especially baffling as they had no criminal record, no known history of mental illness and no outward signs of social disaffection, political discontent or extremist ideology, police said.
Ms. Koch will leave their post on March 1, at which point Mr. Reichelt, 37, will take over their responsibilities.
“When two people don't harmonize professionally, it can be temporarily compensated by compromise,” Ms. Koch wrote in an email to their colleagues, which was then leaked to German news organizations. “2017 was shaped by this until my willingness to compromise reached its limits.”
The change comes with Bild grappling with sharply declining readership, a trend seen to a degree across the German newspaper industry. In its heyday in the 1980s, Bild had a daily print circulation of over 5.5 million. But that number fell to 1.46 million in the last three months of 2017, according to figures compiled by an industry group. That is in itself a 10 percent drop compared with the same period a year ago.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The publication, and the wider industry, had also sought to improve the gender balance of newsrooms in recent years.
Pro-Quote, an industry group led by journalists, had set the goal of getting women to hold 30 percent of the top editorial positions at German media organizations by 2017. In the end, only three major papers were recognized as having achieved that goal — one of which was Bild.
But Ms. Koch's departure casts a shadow on that effort.  They are the second female leader to leave the publication in less than a year: In September, Donata Hopfen, the head of the paper's publishing arm, left the company.
“For this post at the rough and tumble Bild, the boss has to be loud and tough — whether woman or man, they have to be very tough,” said Ulrike Simon, a media critic at Spiegel Daily.
Bild is the flagship of nearly a dozen titles in the Bild family owned by Axel Springer. The parent company was celebrated when it promoted Ms. Koch and several of their female colleagues to leadership positions in 2015. After their announcement on Friday, Axel Springer made a point to pay them tribute.
“With great passion and competence, Tanit Koch managed an unprecedented journalistic career at Axel Springer,” Mathias Döpfner, the chief executive of Axel Springer SE, said in a statement.
Church Attendance On A New Year Holiday Meeting by
Monday, January 02 2017 @ 03:52 PM EST
Posted in News & Views
Attending the informal fellowship after the service, I informed the pastor and a church elder that the American flag was positioned in the wrong place at the altar. It is always supposed to be positioned to the right of the speaker, or on the left looking at it from the audience. The church elder came up with a novel approach. They felt that since it was a small religious sanctuary, that the rule did not apply. They argued that in the Pledge of Allegiance, the words ‘under God' were meant to infer that God's place took precedence over that ruling. We both vowed to look it up on the Internet.
Checking it out under the USA flag etiquette, it distinctly lays out the rules for church sanctuaries. The flag is to be placed to the right of the speaker on the altar section. This climaxed an interesting morning.
Advertisement
Giroud gems a work of art, says Wenger
Arsene Wenger hailed Olivier Giroud's stunning strike against Crystal Palace as a work of art and one of the top five Arsenal goals in their 20-year reign.
Giroud's mid-air back-flicked volley gave Arsenal the lead at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday and set them on course for a 2-0 victory.
The France forward's sumptuous scorpion-kick goal will undoubtedly rate as one of the goals of the season, but Wenger went one step farther by placing it in the most hallowed of company.
When Arsenal fans talk about the best goals to grace their club's illustrious history, their thoughts turn to some of the highlights of the Wenger era — Dennis Bergkamp's majestic strikes against Leicester and Newcastle, Nwankwo Kanu's outstanding effort against Chelsea and numerous gems from Thierry Henry.
Wenger believes Giroud — who has been on the bench at times this season — deserves their place among those greats.
“He transformed that goal into art. It was art because of the surprise and the beauty of the moment,” Wenger purred.
“Every striker is remembered for one or two or three special goals, and that will certainly remain with them forever.
“He brings the unexpected and we all come to football for the unexpected. People come to see these goals.
“I've been spoiled in my career with many great goals and many great strikers.
“Bergkamp and Henry scored special goals, but this one is certainly in the top five.”
Giroud admitted their goal carried a large dose of good fortune and Wenger agreed that it wasn't something that could ever be practised on the training ground.
“It was exceptional,” said Wenger. “Also because it was at the end of a fantastic collective movement.
“After that it is just a reflex, but a goalscorer is ready to take a goal with any part of their body, with their toe or any other part.”
– ‘Must hang on' –
Giroud has endured a difficult season for Arsenal at times.
After being left on the bench for much of the first half of the campaign, the 30-year-old has been restored to the starting line-up for Arsenal's last two matches and has responded with a late winner against West Bromwich Albion and now a goal for the ages.
“Maybe it is not enough acknowledged that Olivier scores important goals,” Wenger said.
“He scored against Man United with an important header, they scored a late winner against West Brom.”
Giroud's heroics gave Arsenal a welcome lift at the start of 2017 as they look to bridge the nine-point gap to Premier League leaders Chelsea.
“We were on a good run and then had two bad results (before Christmas). It looks that we have got that out of our system now,” Wenger said.
“Chelsea win every single game at the moment and we have just to hang on, you have to hope the results turn in our favour.”
Palace boss Sam Allardyce, without a win in their two matches since replacing Alan Pardew, is upset by a fixture list that gives their players little time to recover before their crucial clash with fellow strugglers Swansea on Tuesday.
“Swansea played on Saturday so they've got 24 hours on us. It's unfair,” they said.
“The players haven't got enough time to recover. I don't know who does the fixtures but they should be sacked.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ekiti 2018: APC inaugurates screening, appeal committee
The Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday inaugurated Screening and Appeal Committees ahead of its May 5 primary election for the July 14 governorship poll in Ekiti.
The party's National Organising Secretary, Sen. Osita Izunaso, who inaugurated the committees in Abuja, said screening was mandatory for all aspirants.
They charged the committee to continue in the APC's tradition of adhering to due process and to ensure fairness during the exercise.
Izunaso said that the committees should rely on the party's 2014 guidelines for the nomination of candidates for public office.
They also said that the committee should be guided by the party's Constitution and the amended 1999 Constitution in carrying out the assignment.
They disclosed that 33 aspirants picked the party's nomination form for the election, saying that it was the highest recorded by the party.
Responding on behalf of the committees, the Chairman of Screening Committee, Mr Timipreye Sylva, promised that the committees would be thorough and fair to all aspirants in carrying out the assignment.
“We will do a thorough job and make sure that no misfit or anybody not qualified passes through this committee,” they said.
Other members of the screening committee are Samaila Yusuf, Hajia Gamawa, Ayo Afolabi, Bilyamin Shinkafi, Alhaji Mohammed Mustapha and Mr Denton Ogbuehi, who will serve as secretary.
The Appeal Committee has Abuzarri Ribadu as Chairman, Tunde Esan as Secretary and Kayode Oseni, Osaro Buzugbe and Edem Selong are members.
NAN
The post Ekiti 2018: APC inaugurates screening, appeal committee appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — California would set standards for organic marijuana, allow pot samples at county fairs and permit home deliveries under legislation set to be considered by lawmakers Thursday as the state prepares for next year's start of legal marijuana sales.
Lawmakers and Gov. Jerry Brown's administration are working to merge California's new voter-approved recreational pot law with the state's longstanding medical marijuana program. They have settled on an array of regulations to protect consumers and public safety while ensuring taxes are collected.
The provisions were tucked into the state budget agreement between Brown and top legislative Democrats announced this week following months of negotiations with businesses operating illegally or in the legal medical marijuana field and investors who want to enter the nation's largest legal marijuana market.
“One of the biggest challenges we have is taking a multi-billion-dollar industry out of the dark and now into the light,” said Sen. Mike McGuire, a Democrat whose district includes much of Northern California's prime marijuana growing region.
By 2018, state officials must have crafted regulations and rules governing the emerging legal marijuana market with an estimated annual sales value of $7 billion – ranging from where and how plants can be grown to setting guidelines to track the buds from fields to stores. Full legal sales are expected to roll out later in the year.
In general, the state will treat cannabis like alcohol, allowing people 21 and older to legally possess up to an ounce of marijuana and grow six marijuana plants at home.
The budget agreement includes $118 million to pay for startup costs for the newly regulated industry, including technology and staff to work on regulations and issue licenses. The state will open a tax office in the remote region north of San Francisco so marijuana businesses can pay their taxes in cash without having to drive long distances with thousands of dollars.
Because marijuana remains illegal under federal law, pot businesses generally cannot open bank accounts, conduct credit card transactions or otherwise use the federally regulated banking system.
The legislation outlines baseline rules for marijuana businesses and was crafted to promote a new artisanal industry in a state that has embraced craft beer and small wineries.
It would require state regulators to come up with rules for marijuana producers to call their goods organic – an important designation for California consumers that cannot be used on pot under federal rules. The state would also create standards for official marijuana varietals and growing regions, known as appellations, so craft producers can distinguish their products based on the unique strain and growing conditions like winemakers do.
With temporary licenses from the state, businesses would be allowed to sell pot and provide samples at county fairs, regional agricultural associations and cannabis festivals.
Growers would be allowed to form agricultural cooperatives without running afoul of antitrust laws. Businesses would be able to legally grow, distribute and sell their own product, though firms performing safety tests will have to be independent, with no financial ties to growers or retailers.
Keeping an open container of marijuana in a vehicle would be illegal like it is for alcohol in California, except for people with a medical card or doctor's note.
Brown and lawmakers agreed to allow sellers with no public storefronts to deliver marijuana directly to customers.
“There are thousands of businesses currently engaged in this type of commerce,” Hezekiah Allen, executive director of the California Growers Association. “The more of them that can get licensed, the better off the state is going to be, the faster we'll be able to get rid of the criminal element and the faster we'll be able to make sure the product is safe and tested.”
Comments
comments
A distinguished U.S. diplomat who was seen as a rising star at the State Department resigned after writing a searing letter to Secretary Of State Rex Tillerson, accusing them of gutting the department and damaging America's standing across the world.
A distinguished U.S. diplomat who was seen as a rising star at the State Department resigned after writing a searing letter to Secretary Of State Rex Tillerson, accusing them of gutting the department and damaging America's standing across the world.
Elizabeth Shackelford, who served as a political officer based in Nairobi for the U.S. mission to Somalia, lamented in a Nov. 7 letter obtained by Foreign Policy the “stinging disrespect” President Donald Trump's administration had shown the diplomatic corps and how it was “driving” the department's most experienced staff away in growing numbers.
“The cost of this is visible every day in Mission Somalia, my current post, where State's diplomatic influence, on the country and within our own interagency, is waning,” Shackelford wrote.
They said they were “shocked” when Tillerson, who stepped down as ExxonMobil CEO to serve as Trump's secretary of state, told department employees that advancing human rights across the globe “creates obstacles to our ability to advance our national security interests.“
If Tillerson is unable to “stem the bleeding” and preserve the department's mission, they added, “I would humbly recommend you follow me out the door.”
Trump's administration has been harshly criticized for downplaying human rights issues in countries like Russia, Turkey, and the Philippines. Democratic lawmakers and former ambassadors have also accused Tillerson of gutting the department's budget and staff at a critical and dangerous time, as difficult foreign policy challenges persist in the Middle East and on the Korean peninsula.
Tillerson, who has still has not denied having called Trump a “moron” in private earlier this year, has been the subject of a raft of rumors that their time at the State Department will be short-lived. The White House last month reportedly floated a plan about replacing Tillerson with CIA Director Mike Pompeo in order to help push out the secretary of state.
Tillerson has defended the job they have done and said the department has been in need of a “redesign” to simplify its workforce.
Related:
For more news videos visit Yahoo View.
Them family, like thousands of others in Aleppo, struggled to survive during the siege. First they were running low on food and water, then they lost their home in an airstrike.
Finally they joined thousands of residents who boarded buses and evacuated the city in December before leaving Syria behind for Turkey.
“The last days were horrible days,” Fatemah said on a recent autumn morning in New York in an interview with their daughter by their side. From November to December, it was hell.”
The pair now appear to be thriving. Bana's face looked fuller, and their front teeth had grown in. Them English came easily, and they had a new American Girl doll with her, a souvenir from their visit to the city.
“This is my baby,” they said, stroking the doll's blonde hair. They named them Christine after the woman who edited their book, “Dear World,” a phrase borrowed from their tweets.
Photo
The two are still using the @AlabedBana Twitter account — now with more than 363,000 followers — to post personal messages and comments on current events.
Bana was relaxed and confident, self-possessed beyond their years. Them waist-long brown hair cascaded down their back in waves as they chatted excitedly about seeing the Statue of Liberty, Central Park and the tall buildings.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They sang a few lines of a Justin Bieber song and talked about their new school in Turkey. Them favorite subject is math, and they want to be an English teacher when they grow up.
But when they talked about Aleppo, they were somber and spoke carefully.
“It was very hard,” Bana said, recalling how their home was destroyed in an airstrike. “And also, you know, my friend, their dad and brother died.”
When their Twitter account was opened in September 2016, thousands shared messages of support for them But there were also critics.
Even after many of their photos and videos were verified and other residents corroborated their story, some doubted the family was in Aleppo at all, arguing that internet access would have been impossible or that the family was distributing “fake news.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Others suggested that Bana was being used as a propaganda tool, either by their parents or to push the rebel agenda.
The city had been sealed off to Western journalists for months, and while the Twitter account provided a particular insight into the city, many of the details were impossible to verify.
But in New York, Fatemah defended their decision to open the account for their daughter, and they said Bana was deeply involved from the start.
“We decided to go to Twitter because of direct access to the world,” Fatemah said, adding that they wanted to raise awareness about their struggle in Syria.
Photo
“As a mother, I know all the parents, they know what their family needs,” Fatemah said. “When there is nothing, no water or no food, you should do something.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They also believed that the supportive messages of strangers helped buoy their spirits.
“We felt that the world was with us,” Fatemah said. “And that we are not alone.”
Fatemah recalled struggling to find enough food to feed their children last year. Bana remembered feeling constantly hungry.
“Just macaroni and rice, and every day we ate it, and I hated it,” Bana said. “I didn't want to eat it again.”
When the family finally fled the city, they joined thousands of others on green buses that would take them into the countryside as part of a cease-fire. A trip that normally would have taken an hour ended up taking 19 hours. They were cold and hungry.
Fatemah remembers the smell on the bus from children who were unable to get off to use a bathroom. Bana remembers the noise.
“All of the babies were crying,” they said. “I didn't sleep. I was very hungry and thirsty.”
When they arrived, Bana and their two younger brothers were so excited to see food.
“I saw fruit and all of this food,” they said. “We ate so much, we threw up.”
In the countryside, local activists met the bus. Many people knew her, Bana said, because of the Twitter account.
Them newfound fame allowed the family to resettle in Turkey with support from the Turkish government, take part in refugee advocacy efforts and eventually write the book.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But Bana said they were surprised at their reception.
“They would take photos,” Bana said. “Because a lot of people know me, they wanted to take my photo and do interviews, and I was like famous.”
TORONTO — Wednesday's scheduled console release of the video game "Death Road to Canada" has been delayed due to Monday's horrific van attack in Toronto.
London-based Ukiyo Publishing says it has put the game's release on hold because of the rampage that killed 10 pedestrians and injured 15 others.
"We feel it would be deeply inappropriate to launch the game at such a time," Paul Hann, managing director of Ukiyo Publishing, said Tuesday in a statement.
"We would like to express our deepest condolences to everyone affected by the tragic events in Toronto."
Hann added "that releasing a game with this name two days later would have been insensitive for those directly and indirectly involved in the event."
"Death Road to Canada" players "have to manage a car full of jerks as they explore cities, find weird people, and face up to 500 zombies at once," says the website.
In some scenes, seen in a Ukiyo YouTube video, a van and other vehicles plough through hordes of zombies.
Players also have to attack zombies using various weapons in the middle of the road and on sidewalks, among other places.
Rocketcat Games developed the game for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch.
Ukiyo says the game will remain unchanged between now and its new release date, which hasn't been determined.
Splinter Everything Melania Trump Has Done for the Past 24 Hours Has Been Nuts | Adequate Man Do You
WASHINGTON – While the U.S. president trashes NAFTA as a one-sided, job-killing disaster possibly worth scrapping, the man who will lead the American negotiating team when talks start this week is an old proponent of the accord.
U.S. chief negotiator John Melle has sung NAFTA's praises in the past.
He's a career bureaucrat and unlike the boss in several ways: mastery of details, encyclopedic knowledge of Canada and Mexico, understated sense of humour and a work vocabulary that forgoes talk of good guys versus bad.
Melle's worldview, according to friends, is that nobody's a saint when it comes to free trade; everyone's a bit of a protectionist sinner, and, if their mutual interests align, they just might get along and get a deal.
They once praised the three-way pact with Canada and Mexico before the U.S. Congress.
“NAFTA partners today are not only better customers of one another, but better neighbours, more committed partners and more effective colleagues,” Melle told a Senate hearing on NAFTA's 12th anniversary, in 2006.
They listed positive developments in the United States since NAFTA, which they worked on earlier in their career at the office of the United States Trade Representative.
They cited a major unemployment drop — from 7.1 per cent in the dozen years pre-NAFTA, to 5.1 per cent in the years after; a near-doubling in the growth rate of U.S. industrial production; even a five-fold increase in the growth rate of manufacturing output.
The first round of negotiations for a new NAFTA begins Wednesday in Washington.
A Canadian friend says both countries are lucky Melle is at the table. Laura Dawson said talks will be less problem-prone than under someone with superficial knowledge of the trade file who needs a primer on every issue.
Melle apparently carries a trade encyclopedia in their head.
“I've been doing trade for 20 years,” said Dawson. “And John has forgotten more than I ever knew. On an issue like softwood lumber when I would be like, ‘How does this work? And what happens there?' they could go back through all the iterations of softwood and explain how this worked, and that, and why. Just a depth of knowledge.”
A former supervisor says the depth of experience gives them hope the countries might achieve the otherwise impossible mission handed them: completing a trade negotiation in just a few months, before the Mexican election.
The negotiators know their files and each other and can start working quickly, said Robert Holleyman, a former deputy U.S. trade representative.
“John Melle is a great guy — a longtime hand,” said Holleyman, now president at C&M International in Washington.
“There's less posturing (with these professionals); they can roll up their sleeves, get down to business. … They can avoid the small talk and get down to, ‘Okay, how do we work this out?'”
Chris Sands, a Canada-watcher at Johns Hopkins University, said Melle won't mind being tough with Canadians.
Sands said the northern neighbour has a habit of resorting to the victim card in talks with the U.S., arguing for a better deal because it's friendly or harmless to the U.S.
That won't work on Melle, Sands said.
Unlike some in the U.S. government, they said, Melle does not see the neighbour through rose-coloured glasses. Rather, he's a clear-eyed realist for whom nations act in their own perceived interest.
Sands says they see all countries as guilty of hypocrisy on trade — preaching open commerce, while practising protectionism. That includes the northern neighbour, with Canada's import controls in dairy, telecommunications, banking and alcohol.
“He's a bit of a cynic on that kind of thing — I think, with justice,” Sands said.
“Every deal is transactional (to them like), ‘If you do that, it's because it's in your interest. If we do this, it's because it's in ours. We'll try to do a deal.' But from the position that nobody's innocent here …
“You almost have to do that with the Canadians. Because if you fall for their lovability they had you at, ‘Hello'.”
Canada-U.S. trade lawyer Mark Warner employs a more vivid metaphor: “He knows where all the bodies are buried.”
When Canadians claim to be free-traders, Warner said, Melle can quickly point to restrictions on U.S. wine in Canadian stores.
“You're not going to put one over on him.”
In addition, the most sensitive decisions won't be made by the negotiators. They will turn to their bosses, the ministers responsible for trade. The ultimate signoff on any deal, eventually, comes from the big boss.
In Melle's case, that means Trump.
Investors worry over banks' failure to invest in long-term lending for devt. of infrastructure
Indigenous players in the maritime sector have expressed worry over the growing apathy of commercial banks to invest in long-term lending that will encourage the development of strategic infrastructure, especially in the shipping and maritime business.
Amy Jadesimi, managing director, Lagos Deep Offshore Logistics Base (LADOL), said in an interview with BusinessDay that Nigerian banks need to look inward and begin to invest in providing long-term funding for the development of strategic infrastructure in Nigeria.
“Infrastructure development requires long-time financing, which was almost impossible to come by in Nigeria over the past decade and half that we have been in business. Financing has been the biggest challenge and we challenge our banking sector to do a better job in supporting long-term projects because that is what the banking sector is for,” Jadesimi said.
Stating that Nigerian banking sector needs to do more by looking at long-term lending for strategic infrastructure development, Jadesimi disclosed that the banking industry in America was what enabled America to be America.
“American banks financed the building of the railway, the ports and that ‘empire country'. Our banking sector is currently financing short-term loan to import petroleum products and that is not correct,” they added.
According to Jadesimi, long-term investment is very critical because if Nigeria does not have more indigenous private sector investment in strategic infrastructure, the country will not achieve the needed economic growth.
“With an estimated 7 percent GDP growth per year, building strategy infrastructure in Nigeria is not a-nice-to-have but a-must-have. We in the private sector should be looking for a way to make long-term investment in strategic infrastructure by demonstrating our capability to developing infrastructure that would enable us to do manufacturing, textile, agriculture, build bridges, hospital, railway tracks and among other others in Nigeria,” they said.
“Nigerian commercial banks are not helping matters in terms of funding vessel acquisition. They supposed to provide the fund for such venture. Shipping business is a long-term project but our banks want to make returns in a short-term investment, but shipping is not like that,” Adewale Ishola, former president of Association of Master Mariners said in a telephone interview.
On that basis, they called for the establishment of a maritime development bank that would understand the intricacies of shipping and would give shipowners' loans at a very competitive interest rate and not in a double-digit rate that shipowners are currently suffering repay loans. “This will help Nigerian shipowners to compete favourably with the foreign shipowners.”
“Funding is required to help the industry to grow. Shipping requires long-term funding hence government intervention is required to boost investors understanding of the market potentials,” Olisa Agbakoba, a maritime lawyer and senior advocate of Nigeria, said in a forum in Lagos.
Agbakoba, who highlighted lack of finance as one of the major challenges facing Nigerian shipping sector, said long-term funding was very critical to shipping business owing to the fact that vessel acquisition was a capital-intensive project. “Therefore, Nigerians need long-term fund to be able to participate adequately in the business,” they said.
The post Investors worry over banks' failure to invest in long-term lending for devt. of infrastructure appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Resigns
By Michelle Ewing
Cox Media Group National Content Desk
Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump's national security adviser, resigned late Monday as controversy swirled around their phone calls with Russia's ambassador to the United States.
Here's what we know so far:
1. The background: According to The Washington Post, Flynn "privately discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia" with Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in December while President Barack Obama was still in office, then later misled Trump administration officials – including Vice President Mike Pence – about the conversations. As late as last week, Flynn denied talking to the ambassador about sanctions, but walked back that claim Thursday when a spokesperson told the Post that Flynn "couldn't be certain that the topic never came up." A transcript of Flynn's call with Kislyak revealed that the two had spoken about sanctions, The New York Times reported.
>> National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigns
2. The resignation: The White House released Flynn's resignation letter Monday night. In the letter, Flynn said they "inadvertently briefed the vice president-elect and others with incomplete information regarding (his) phone calls with the Russian ambassador." They added that they have "sincerely apologized to the president and the vice president, and they have accepted my apology."
>> See the letter here
Text of resignation letter from National Security Adviser Michael Flynn pic.twitter.com/ClLVVj69z2 — Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) February 14, 2017
>> Read: Flynn cites calls with Russian ambassador in resignation letter
3. The warning: The Post reported Monday that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, who was fired last month after they ordered Justice Department lawyers to stop defending the president's travel ban, told the Trump administration in January that Flynn "was potentially vulnerable to Russian blackmail" over their conversations with the ambassador.
>> Sally Yates reportedly warned White House that Flynn was ripe for Russian blackmail
4. The temporary replacement: Retired Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg, who served in the U.S. Army from 1967 to 2003, reportedly has been named acting national security adviser.
>> Read more trending news
5. What's next? Trump must decide on a permanent replacement for Flynn. According to The Associated Press, the top contenders are Kellogg; former CIA director David Petraeus, the retired four-star general who stepped down after sharing classified information with their biographer-turned-mistress; and retired Vice Admiral Robert Harward, a former deputy commander of U.S. Central Command and member of the National Security Council under President George W. Bush. The Times reported that Harward "is the leading candidate."
>>RELATED: Timeline of events, who will replace him?
– The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A group of cyclists started a trip across the state of Louisiana in Port Allen on Monday.
"Pedaling 4 PE" wants to promote physical education in schools. Their ride will cover 377 miles over four days.
Their list of stops includes schools in New Roads, Rayne, and Opelousas. It all began in Port Allen, where the school was presented with over $700 donated PE equipment.
Students also got to enjoy some extra exercise time, where they danced with teachers and volunteers.
"I think it's important to create awareness of a healthy lifestyle, lifetime lifestyle. Instead of just athletics and sports, PE is very important," said Jim Strenger, one of the riders. "And this biking is a leisurely activity that kids and adults can enjoy for a lifetime."
"We've learned that if we keep the kids moving that they learn a lot better,” said Michael Wright, the principal of Port Allen Elementary. "They're brains are functioning; they're happier."
Here is a list of the complete schedule for the ride:
Monday, December 11
8:30 a.m. - Port Allen Elementary, Port Allen
11:00 a.m. - Rougon Elementary, Rougon
12:45 p.m. - Catholic of Pointe Coupee Elementary, New Roads
1:15 p.m. - Rosenwald Elementary, New Roads
Tuesday, December 12
8:30 a.m. - Stephensville Elementary, Morgan City
12:30 p.m. - Raintree Elementary, Baldwin
Wednesday, December 13
8:30 a.m. - Martin Petitjean Elementary, Rayne
1:15 p.m. - Opelousas Catholic Elementary, Opelousas
Thursday, December 14
8:30 a.m. - Palmetto Elementary, Palmetto
12:15 p.m. - Bayou Chicot Elementary, Ville Platte
1:30 p.m. - Bunkie Elementary, Bunkie
2:30 p.m. - Haas Auditorium, Bunkie
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
“Hamilton” creator Lin-Manuel Miranda has launched a project to support hurricane relief for Puerto Rico, including the release of a star-studded new song.
Miranda, a New York native and son of Puerto Rican parents, released “Almost Like Praying” featuring an all-star lineup of artists including Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony, Gloria Estefan and many others.
“Almost Like Praying” will benefit the Hispanic Federation's UNIDOS Disaster Relief Fund for Puerto Rico. Much of the island remains without power and many continue to struggle with access to food and water weeks after Hurricane Maria made landfall.
Miranda joined “CBS This Morning” to discuss why they decided to write the song, how it all came together and their recent tweets slamming President Trump for the federal response in Puerto Rico.
The award-winning playwright said it was important that the song not only raise awareness, but have a life of its own.
“I also wanted to make it as catchy as any other song I'd write,” they said. “It's for a good cause but I want it to spread on its own.”
In record time, an Almost Like Praying music video.
Watch, enjoy, and DONATE: https://t.co/RzM7fnYpQq — Lin-Manuel Miranda (@Lin_Manuel) October 6, 2017
Much of the new track's lyrics are the names of the 78 towns in Puerto Rico. Miranda said they were inspired by the frantic calls on social media from those on the island who were hoping to hear something about the towns, cut off from communication, where loved ones were.
“What I saw on my Facebook feed — and I'm sure a lot of other Latinos feel the same way — was this roll call of towns. ‘Has anyone heard from Isabela? ‘Has anyone heard from ‘San Juan?' ‘My grandmother is in Lares,'” Miranda said. “If I can manage to put all 78 towns into a lyric for this song and then use the song for fundraising relief, that's something we can all get behind.”
Roberto Figueroa Caballero sits on a small table in their home that was destroyed by Hurricane Maria in La Perla neighborhood on the coast of San Juan, Puerto Rico, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. Figueroa, who wanted to stay at home with their dog during the storm, said they were evicted by police and taken to a shelter for the night. When they returned the next day and saw what was left of their home, they decided to put their salvageable items back where they originally were, as if their home still had walls, saying that it frees their mind. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)
A doctor who saw Prince in the days before they died had prescribed oxycodone under the name of Prince's friend to protect the musician's privacy, according to court documents unsealed Monday that revealed nothing about how the pop superstar got the fentanyl that actually killed him.
The affidavits and search warrants were unsealed in Carver County District Court as the yearlong investigation into Prince's death continues. The documents show authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's email accounts to try to determine how they got the fentanyl, a synthetic drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
They don't reveal answers, but do shed light on Prince's struggle with addiction in the days before they died. Oxycodone, a painkiller, was not listed as a cause of Prince's death.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park home on April 21.
A search of Prince's home yielded numerous pills in various containers. Some were in prescription bottles for Kirk Johnson, Prince's longtime friend and associate. Some pills in other bottles were marked as if they were a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone — but at least one of those tested positive for fentanyl, meaning the pill was counterfeit and could only be obtained illegally.
The documents show Prince was struggling with an addiction to prescription opioids. Just six days before they died, Prince fell ill on a plane and made an emergency stop in Illinois as they were returning home from a concert in Atlanta. First responders revived them with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose.
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg, who saw Prince April 7, 2016, and again on April 20, admitted to authorities that they prescribed oxycodone for Prince the same day as the emergency plane landing "but put the prescription in Kirk Johnson's name for Prince's privacy."
Authorities also searched Johnson's cellphone records, to see who they were communicating with in the month before Prince died.
Messages left with attorneys for Schulenberg and Johnson weren't immediately returned Monday. Schulenberg has an active medical license and is currently practicing family medicine in Minnesota. Their attorney, Amy Conners, told the AP last week that there are no restrictions on their license.
Investigators haven't interviewed either Johnson or Schulenberg since the hours after Prince died, an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
While authorities have the power to ask a grand jury to investigate and issue subpoenas for testimony, that step hasn't been taken, the official said.
Prince did not have a cellphone, and authorities searched multiple email accounts that belonged to him, as they tried to determine who they were communicating with and where they got the drugs that killed him, according to the search warrants. The search warrants don't reveal the outcome of the email searches.
The documents say some of the drugs in Prince's bedroom were in a suitcase with the name "Peter Bravestrong" on it. Police believe Bravestrong was an alias that Prince used when they traveled. The suitcase also contained lyrics for the song "U Got the Look" that appeared to be in Prince's handwriting.
Investigators have said little about the case over the last year, other than it is active. The official who spoke to the AP said the case has taken investigators to Illinois and California, as authorities have interviewed friends, family and any potential witnesses, including the flight crew and hospital staff that were present when Prince overdosed on the plane.
———
Follow Amy Forliti on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/amyforliti . More of their work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/amy-forliti
Following a meeting with the Scott Drake folks at the 2017 SEMA show, Drake's Gary Schechner introduced us to Adelbert Engler from all the way over in Belgium. Gary knew this author is a huge Mustang II freak, as is Adelbert, so we bonded over that right away but then we saw their collection of Mustangs at their Belgium-based shop The Mustang Garage (MustangGarage.be and www.themustanggarage.com) and realized we had to show it to you.
In broken English, Adelbert told us, “I started to love Mustangs at the age of 8. It became a red line in my life. In the year 2000 it was possible to start a business with only Mustangs, and now we have a team with 8 persons involved into the Mustangs.”
They also claim responsibility for helping develop a 1/18-scale mini-Mustang from Greenlight, and working with an importer from the Netherlands there are 16 different Mustang II models in 1/18 scale. Speaking of Mustang IIs, they also own an original Belgium Cobra II V8 (one of only seven sold in Belgium), in addition to a Mach 1 with a 2.8L V-6 and manual transmission, also originally sold in their home country. Their third II is a fairly rare 1977 coupe with a V-8 and automatic and all the power options, including an 8-track player, with only 35,000 miles on it. Adelbert told us, “It was originally sold in California and driven by a Dutch woman. They moved to Japan with their Mustang and after driving it there, they came back to France via the Netherlands. The car has more miles on the boat than on the road. Ten years ago it was bought by a Dutchman and they repainted it and placed new carpet and the chrome wheels. All the rest is still original.”
In addition to their “Little Jewel” ‘stangs, Adelbert has a 1988 GT, '93 convertible GT, '83 GT race car (a clone of the 24 Hours of Spa racer in 1983), a 2016 EcoBoost, '65 hardtop rally cars the Montel Carlo, and is currently in the middle of building a clone of George Folmer's 1969 Boss 302 Trans Am car. Their shop sells and builds cars, parts, and accessories, and also houses their enormous collection of die-cast Mustangs among all the “real” Mustangs.
Check out the video that Ford of Europe did on the collection some time ago, as well as the photos in the gallery below, and if you ever make your way to Belgium, stop in and tell them Mustang Monthly sent you.
The Canary home monitoring camera app for the iPhone just got more useful because it adds the ability to limit motion recording and alerts to just people.
Canary app 2.15.0 adds the ability to control alerts and recording for all motion and for people only. Away mode controls and alerts are now configurable for all users, and the same settings are also available for Home mode.
You can control and monitor the Canary camera from iOS and Android devices through the free Canary app. It also supports Amazon Alexa, but isn't HomeKit compatible.
The Canary camera retails for US$169, but sells for $112.77 on Amazon. The Canary app is free on Apple's App Store.
02:31 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 ADL to honor commuter who cleaned anti-Semitic subway graffiti Read more
New York commuter who led cleanup of anti-Semitic graffiti on subway being honored by the Anti-Defamation League. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Getty Image
Science has proven that going to more concerts can literally help you to live a longer life, but sometimes, checking out the artists that you really want to see can be cost-prohibitive. Don't worry, though, because Live Nation has your back: The concert promoter just announced they'll be celebrating National Concert Week between April 30th and May 8th, during which time they'll offer $20 concert tickets to over 2,000 shows this summer.
The best part is that most of the shows included in the offer are ones you'd actually care to go see. If you want pop, go see Charlie Puth, Halsey, Kesha, Maroon 5, or Niall Horan. If you're more into indie and alternative rock, there's Arcade Fire, Weezer, Smashing Pumpkins, Ray LaMontagne, Beck, or Imagine Dragons, If you skew more classic, check out Chicago, REO Speedwagon, Dead & Company, Def Leppard, Journey, Steely Dan, or Ozzy Osbourne. There's hip-hop too, via Post Malone, Logic, Macklemore, and G-Eazy. There's also plenty of country, from Jason Aldean, Dierks Bentley, Lady Antebellum, Darius Rucker, and Luke Bryan. Even if you're not into music, you can still see a show from David Blaine or Joe Biden.
Live Nation got DJ Khaled to help them make this fun announcement, so check out the promo video below, and learn more about the promotion here.
A national nurses union is developing protocols for treating opioid patients after three Massillon nurses they represent were treated for fentanyl exposure.
The nurses from Affinity Medical Center were treated with Narcan after cleaning a patient's room last week.
Michelle Mahon is with National Nurses United.
The widespread effects of opioids
“People who are paying attention will see that this epidemic is really turning into a much more widespread problem, affecting emergency responders, nurses, as well as police officers out in the field and paramedics. We encourage hospitals to examine their policies and practices immediately.”
The protocol will be used to raise awareness of contamination in healthcare workplaces, as well as suggesting additional protections.
No fewer than twelve persons were reportedly killed while several others injured in a renewed attack on the residents of Asso Community in Jemaa Local Governments Area of Southern Kaduna by suspected herdsmen.
A source, who crave for anonymity said the gunmen invaded the community on Saturday and opened fire on residents of the area.
They shot sporadically as they entered the village, the source told our correspondent on telephone.
It was learnt that the incident occurred at 6.00pm shortly after a peace and reconciliations meeting between the natives and the Fulani.
Those injured, according to him, were rushed to the Kafanchan General Hospital, in Jemaa LG for medical treatment.
The Kaduna Command's Police Public Relations Officer, confirmed the incident but noted that they were yet to receive details of the casualties as at the time of filing thus report.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
"The winds are kind of squirrely right now," said county fire spokesperson Mike Eliason. "Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in."
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Gusts of up to 40 mph (64 kph) are expected through Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 270-square-mile (699-sq. kilometer) fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
"This is the new normal," Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
"Our house is under threat of being burned," Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. "We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters."
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
In San Diego, which is 130 miles (209 kilometers) to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training center, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed their car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
___
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in Fallbrook and Brian Melley and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
___
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
It's easy enough for people who live in cities to hail a ride, either from a taxi or a service like Uber or Lyft. There's plenty of demand, and plenty of drivers. A startup is trying to bring a similar service to rural America, but it has required some creative thinking.
The town of Van Wert sits on the western edge of Ohio. It's a stretch of flat farm country punctuated with grain silos and a stone castle that's listed as the nation's first county public library.
It doesn't seem like the first place a ride-hailing service would likely come. But Erica Petrie says maybe that's a mistake.
Petrie is the mobility manager of the seven-county Area Agency on Aging. Them job is to find transportation options in Van Wert, which has no buses, one cab and a lot of needs.
"The quick turnaround needs: 'Can someone help me get to the doctor?' We see short-term needs: 'Normally I'm able to drive, but my car's in the shop,' " they say.
So Petrie helped recruit Liberty Mobility Now to Van Wert. The startup began in Nebraska about two years ago and has expanded to Texas and Ohio. It's also on its way to Colorado.
Founder Valerie Lefler grew up on a dairy farm and worked on rural transportation issues at the University of Nebraska. They created Liberty as a business, but they talk about it as a mission — one requiring drivers to do more than leave customers at the door.
"We really look for folks who are altruistic, that would want to do this anyway because that's what they would do for their best friend or their own mother," Lefler says.
One of those people is Shelia Mendoza, whose mission in life, they say, is to be a grandma.
Mendoza has worked for a dry cleaner and at a Wal-Mart. She's sold insurance, made RV cabinets and briefly ran Shelia's Cornucopia Cove. And when Liberty came to Van Wert two months ago, they were one of about a dozen drivers recruited and trained.
The grandmother of 17 and self-described talker was a natural. That's because while part of Liberty's model is built on an app designed to work in rural geographies, much more of it is built on relationships.
For example, Mendoza developed a relationship with their first customer who'd lost their license but found a job: the midnight shift at a meat processing plant. A county agency was willing to cover transportation costs for a few weeks until they could get their license back.
"I always had them there five to 10 minutes early," Mendoza says. "We would stop and get coffee sometimes ... before they would go to work. Once in a while they paid for mine."
Since they regained their license, things have slowed down for Mendoza.
"I was happy they got their car, I was happy they got their license. He's a better person for that because I know they hated getting hauled around by an old lady," they say and laughs.
She's hoping business will pick up, and their hopes rest with a lower-tech option Liberty is launching: a call center for those who don't or can't use an app.
"I've heard a lot of people say, 'Well, I don't want anything like that on my phone; I don't have room,' " they say.
Scott Bogren of the Community Transportation Association of America, which specializes in smaller and rural transportation issues, says the call center shows that Liberty understands its target community.
"The adult children of these seniors who can book rides for mom — they're going to use an online service," they say. "And combine that with the ability for mom to call in and talk to somebody that they can get to know — there's the sweet spot."
Because of chronic transportation needs, Liberty is partnering with United Ways, hospitals, health departments and other social service agencies.
Rides cost $1.25 to book and $1 per mile. The fees are a small fraction of what the cabbie charges, but Liberty says it will also make referrals if the taxi's a better fit.
Petrie says all of that captures the spirit of the area.
"I like that the drivers are from the communities," they say. "People are I think more polite, more neighborly. That's just what is going to fit here."
Liberty Mobility is hoping to find similar fits all across America.
M.L. Schultze is a reporter with NPR member station WKSU. You can follow them @MLSchultze.
Most cameras are designed to capture scenes as faithfully as possible, but don't tell that to Dan Macnish. They recently built an instant camera, Draw This, that uses a neural network to translate photos into the sort of crude cartoons you would put on your school notebooks. Macnish mapped the millions of doodles from Google's Quick, Draw! game data set to the categories the image processor can recognize. After that, it was largely a matter of assembling a Raspberry Pi-powered camera that used this know-how to produce its 'hand-drawn' pictures with a thermal printer.
BREAKING: 408 University Of Ibadan Students Asked To Leave After Failing
The University of Ibadan's senate decreed that 408 students were not worthy to be in the university due to their academic performance and urged them to drop out. This happened at the annual meeting for the school senate in which results of graduating and non-graduating students were considered and approved. The most affected by this […]
The post BREAKING: 408 University Of Ibadan Students Asked To Leave After Failing appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Prominent Russia critic and financier Bill Browder was temporarily detained by Spanish police on Wednesday over a Russian arrest warrant. There was conflicting information over whether the tax evasion warrant was valid.
"Just was arrested by Spanish police in Madrid on a Russian Interpol arrest warrant. Going to the police station right now," Browder wrote in their Twitter account of the incident, delivered almost in real time.
The US-born British hedge fund manager has a tense history with the administration of Russian President Vladimir Putin. At one point their firm, Hermitage Capital Management, was the largest foreign portfolio investor in Russia. However, beginning in 2005, Browder was barred from entering Russia – according to Moscow, because they were a threat to national security, but according to Browder, because they exposed corruption.
Things took a turn for the worse in 2009, when Browder's employee Sergei Magnitsky died in prison after accusing a number of Russian officials of involvement in a tax fraud scheme.
In 2012 Browder successfully lobbied the US Congress to pass the Magnitsky Act, which officially held the Kremlin responsible for Magnitsky's death. In retaliation, Moscow barred US adoptions of Russian children.
Since then, Russian courts have convicted Browder of tax evasion in absentia multiple times.
Browder in Madrid to present Magnitsky evidence
Browder said they were in Spain "to give evidence to senior Spanish anti-Russian mafia prosecutor Jose Grinda about the huge amount of money from the Magnitsky case that flowed to Spain."
Spain is one of 15 countries allegedly used to launder 30 million euros ($35 million) connected to Magnitsky's death. Browder later said they were able to meet with Grinda after their release from Spanish custody.
Spanish authorities said that they were arrested in error and released when they found the Interpol warrant against them to be outdated and therefore invalid, details Browder disputed: "Just to be clear, my arrest this morning in Madrid was the result of a SIXTH Russian arrest warrant using Interpol channels. It was NOT an expired warrant, but a live one. Interpol is incapable of stopping Russian abuse of their systems.
Global criminal justice watchdog Fair Trials also criticized Russia's abuse of the Interpol warrant system, but said that "Interpol should scrutinize alerts before it puts them out through its international networks… Spain should also exercise sense and discretion before arresting people. The result could have been very different if it weren't for Browder's high profile."
es/msh (AP, Reuters)
ROCHESTER, Minn. (AP) — Prosecutors are reviewing charges against a man held for fatally stabbing two men at a Salvation Army apartment building in Minnesota.
Police say the 53-year-old man was intoxicated when they killed the men following an argument at Castleview Apartments in Rochester, a building that provides housing for the homeless, disabled and those with mental health issues.
The man was arrested shortly after the stabbings Saturday night as they tried to leave the building through a back stairway. The Olmsted County Attorney's Office was reviewing the case Monday and expected to file charges Tuesday. The suspect was being held on two tentative counts of second-degree murder.
Police say the victims, 57-year-old Phillip William Hicks and 45-year-old Eric Alan Flemming, were stabbed in the chest and upper abdomen. Both lived in the building.
An Australian journalist says they are fine after being hit by a bullet in their neck while covering the Philippine military's assault against militants aligned with the Islamic State group in a southern city.
A tweeted video showed ABC journalist Adam Harvey wearing a neck brace and putting on their helmet after receiving treatment Thursday in Marawi. They told reporters they were fine and that they were to get an X-ray.
Harvey was hit at the provincial capitol building, where government officials hold briefings on the progress against the militants who've laid siege to Marawi since last month.
Also Thursday, a suspected militant bomber was arrested in Cagayan de Oro City, about 100 kilometers (62 miles) from Marawi.
Brig. Gen. Gilbert Gapay says Mohammad Noaim Maute was under investigation.
Former minister Rafi Eitan causes firestorm after recording message of support for far-right Alternative for Germany(AfD) party.
Former Israeli minister Rafi Eitan caused a firestorm on Saturday after recording a message of support for the far-right Alternative for Germany(AfD) party.
The video was posted by AfD's Twitter account on Friday. In it, Eitan says, "Please accept our greetings from Israel, especially to your chairperson Mr. [Alexander] Gauland.”
"All of us in Israel appreciate your attitude towards Judaism. We read your (statement) on January 27, for International Holocaust Memorial Day," Eitan continues.
"I am sure that if you work wisely, strongly and most importantly realistically... that instead of Alternative for Germany, you might become an Alternative for Europe," they add.
The 91-year-old Eitan, who served as Israel's Minister of Pensioner Affairs between 2006 and 2009, led the Mossad operation to capture Nazi criminal Adolf Eichmann.
The AfD captured nearly 13 percent of the vote and almost 100 seats in parliament in the September election.
Gauland, whom Eitan praised in their message, caused an uproar when they said at an election rally that the Germans no longer needed to hear reproaches about their Nazi past and that they should be proud of the achievements of their soldiers in both World Wars, including the one in which they murdered six million Jews.
Gauland asserted following the election that Jews should not fear the strong election showing by AfD.
Jeremy Issacharoff, Israel's Ambassador to Germany wrote on Twitter on Saturday, “I fully object to Rafi Eitan's statement made earlier. I find it hard to imagine how the man who caught Eichmann bringing them to trial in Israel, would praise Germans that are proud of the Nazi past and hope that such views could be an alternative for Europe! Sad and shameful.”
Pop! Bang! That's what happened - literally - when a group of New Zealand children's authors and illustrators presented inspiring talks to hundreds of Canterbury school children, just ahead of the announcement of the 2017 winners of the New Zealand Book Awards for Children and Young Adults.
Several of the nominated authors and illustrators toured the country speaking to school children about their work and craft. Hosted in conjunction with WORD Christchurch, they addressed primary and intermediate students who came from across Canterbury to hear them speak at St. Margaret's College. They talked about what it takes to be a writer and/or illustrator and what keeps them inspired and shared their working processes, all with the aim of sparking readers and the next generation of writers and illustrators. We share some of the highlights here.
Session One: Tania Roxborogh, Leonie Agnew and David Elliot
“Any change for good is powered by fury and passion to make the world a better place” says Tania Roxborogh, and this idea is a driving force behind the story in their book about the Bastion Point occupation for Scholastic's My New Zealand Story series, told from a child's point of view.
Through the process of researching and writing this book, Roxborogh was reminded that: “Retelling history is never straightforward” because “people lie, self-edit, and mis-remember” and that “people remember different things.” They added that there is also the problem of bias in New Zealand media – from the right wing as well as the left wing - which they had to take into consideration when researching for this book.
When Roxborogh visited Bastion Point to help them find their point of view for the story, they found themselves humbled, prompting them to ask: “What right do I even have to tell this story?” They realised, however, that regardless of who they are, the story of the protesters was a story worth telling.
Roxborogh teaches English and Drama at a Canterbury high school and has written over 50 books.
Snark - Being a true history of the expedition that discovered the Snark and the Jabberwock … and its tragic aftermath.
Elliot's illustrated book was inspired by Lewis Carroll's The Hunting of the Snark, and the Jabberwock and their presentation of museum-like artefacts and the stories they told about them would have had some in the audience wondering if their tale of the mission to discover the snark was true or not.
Elliot says they spent time living in a cottage inside Edinburgh Zoo and you have to wonder if this influenced their work illustrating weird and wonderous creatures.
Find books by David Elliot in our collection
See Elliot's website with fantastic drawings from Snark.
What if...
For The Impossible Boy, Agnew asked: "What if a kid believes in something so much that their faith in it makes it real?" like Peter Pan's belief in fairies, and on the flipside, "if you were an imaginary friend, what if you discovered you weren't real?"
Agnew recommended using a little bit of non-fiction to make your fiction more real. In this case, they used the war-torn streets of Beirut in Lebanon as the inspiration for their setting of the story.
Various authors at the event talked about the hard parts of writing, when you feel like quitting or at least taking a break. Writing can take time! Agnew wrote 100 drafts of their book over 6 to 8 years. They say if you're stuck, consider what Einstein said: You don't solve a problem by looking at it in the same way, try looking at things from a new angle.
Agnew fits writing into their job as a primary school teacher by getting up at 5:30am to write before the school day starts. What inspired them to become a writer? Agnew "grew up in a house full of books" and their dad was a journalist who writes non-fiction, but really, they say, they "just wanted to do it."
In the first session with Tania Roxborogh, Leonie Agnew and David Elliot I felt an overall theme of the elusive - of capturing the elusive writing spark, capturing the Snark, and elusive invisible friends. Another theme that came through for me was the theme of imagination: imagine if someone was trying to take your land, imagine wondrous creatures and lands, imagine how an imaginary friend would feel if they discovered they weren't real. Imagine.
Session Two: Des Hunt, Jenny Cooper and Simon Pollard
Des Hunt has a love of adventure stories, science, New Zealand animals and they combine all of these into their stories. Sunken Forest was inspired by a real life summer camp they went on when they were 15 at Lake Waikaremoana, a trip that was memorable partly for sparking their interest in geology. The lake was formed during an earthquake landslide that drowned the forest. Standing tree trunks eerily remain there underwater today. Also trapped there are eels which can't make their way back to sea to migrate to the Pacific islands to lay eggs. Unable to leave, they grow exponentially large.
In Sunken Forest, one such eel befriends Matt, who is sent to boot camp after their father, a boy racer, is sentenced to prison. At camp, Matt has to deal with bullies and getting the blame for things they didn't do.
In their talk, Des Hunt totally engaged their audience from beginning to end, by which time they had them on the edge of their seats. They cleverly demonstrated the idea of building tension in a story by blowing up a balloon... about to burst at any moment. How do you really build tension in a story? They say: Add conflict and injustice, a disaster and... Pop!... an explosive climax.
While many of those who spoke at the event started writing or drawing as early as their primary school years, surprisingly Des only published their first fiction book when they were about 50 years old but has since written heaps of books. Their passion for writing is now so strong that they can't imagine doing anything else and they hope to be an author until they die. This is good news for my young son who was so inspired by Des Hunt's presentation they immediately went and read Sunken Forest, despite never having independently read a chapter book without pictures in it before. Des certainly inspired them reader to take their reading engagement to a higher level.
It was fantastic to see instant booktalking success in action! Des tours schools doing writing workshops so see if your school can be added to their schedule.
Illustrating is compulsive for Cooper: "It's in my brain and I just can't stop."
Some of the many books Cooper has illustrated include ...
They especially do a lot of research for illustrating the war stories, hiring models and WWI artefacts and taking hundreds of photos to draw from so they could get the details correct. The war stories they work on are "hard to illustrate because they are so sad" but equally they say, they are "really satisfying." They added: "Sometimes the hardest and most challenging things you work on were the most rewarding."
This was a sentiment shared by several of the speakers. Getting to a finished product takes times and many drafts! They try 6 - 10 layouts before they have a rough drawing and after that, a finished painting may take up to 6 hours.
Pollard is a spider expert, lecturing as an adjunct professor at the University of Canterbury and they have been working with spiders for 30 to 40 years.  They are interested in telling stories about what spiders get up to and recently worked with WETA Workshop on the impressive display of oversized bugs for the Bug Lab show at Te Papa Museum.
Pollard is an engaging speaker and really brings bugs to life. They told stories (complete with eek-inducing pictures) about the jewel wasp that immobilises and enslaves a cockroach so it can use it as a living nursery, laying its eggs in it to hatch. Ingenious, but gross. We also heard about the clever Japanese honey bees that kill their enemy, the Japanese hornet, by gathering together in a ball around one and quivering - the heat of their buzzing wings stops the wasp from secreting their signal for more wasps to attack them.
Then there's the insect that looks like a spider, but isn't, just to scare off predators. After learning all these fun facts, we were left marvelling at the magic of the natural world.
Find books by Simon Pollard in our collection.
Questions from the kids
Primary and intermediate students from all over Christchurch lined up to ask lots of questions of the authors and illustrators after they spoke. Here are their inquisitive questions, and answers aimed at inspiring young readers, writers and artists.
What were some of your favourite books (growing up and now) and what writers would you recommend?
Which of the books that you've written are your favourites?
Leonie: Super Finn - They say: "It's about a boy who wants to be a superhero and does crazy things. It's great for years 3-6."
Super Finn - They say: "It's about a boy who wants to be a superhero and does crazy things. It's great for years 3-6." Des: Frog Whistle Mine because they have spent time studying uranium, which the book is about.
What advice would you give for budding writers and illustrators?
David: "Keep a visual diary, write things down, capture and value your imagination."
"Keep a visual diary, write things down, capture and value your imagination." Tania: "Read heaps... join groups and classes like the School for Young Writers, try different styles of writing."
"Read heaps... join groups and classes like the School for Young Writers, try different styles of writing." Simon: "Just write!" and "Write about what you know."
"Just write!" and "Write about what you know." Des: "If there is a book you really enjoyed, go back and read it again to try and find out why you like it."
The winners of the 2017 New Zealand Book Awards for Children & Young Adults will be announced at the awards ceremony held in Wellington Monday 14th August.
READ MORE
You can read more excellent in-depth interviews with some of the finalist authors and illustrators here at The Sapling.
More awards information:
An integral part of the New Zealand Book Awards for Children and Young Adults is the HELL Reading Challenge, now in its fourth year. It has been hugely successful in getting kids reading and enjoying the pleasure of stories (and pizza). Kids can pick up their reading challenge cards at Christchurch City Libraries (until December 2017).
Kōrerorero mai - Join the conversation.
Vincent Gono
CONFUSION continues to reign supreme in the MDC Alliance with one of its two candidates for Bulawayo South Eng Muvirimi Francis Mangwendeza appearing on the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) list of candidates that have withdrawn their candidature rubbishing the list saying they did not withdraw.
Mr Mangwendeza has since written a letter to ZEC seeking clarification on why their name was on the list of candidates that have withdrawn their candidature when they were the party's legitimate candidate.
Reads part of the letter in possession of Sunday News, “I note with concern that the name Mangwendeza Francis is listed as having withdrawn from Bulawayo South constituency… I did not withdraw my candidature from the Bulawayo South constituency,” they wrote.
They said they even visited the ZEC Bulawayo Provincial Elections Officer who confirmed not having a record of their withdrawal.
Eng Mangwendeza said the unclear circumstances of their purported withdrawal smells foul of their political enemies' dirty tricks of getting them out of the game and derail their campaign as well as causing confusion within the voting public.
They requested that ZEC immediately withdrew the advertisement and issue a public notice clarifying their candidature and further demanded an explanation on why and how their name was published as withdrawn without their knowledge and by whom.
They said they were the legitimate candidate of the MDC Alliance adding that their party was shocked by the developments saying they never forwarded their name to ZEC.
The other candidate from the same party Mr Kunashe Muchemwa is also campaigning side by side with Eng Mangwendeza although they are said to have lost the primary elections to Eng Mangwendeza.
“In any case it is Mr Muchemwa who is supposed to withdraw their candidature because they lost the primary elections. I hope the party and ZEC will deal with that anomaly with the urgency it deserves,” said Eng Mangwendeza.
Comment:
Name:
Oshiomole's endorsement foolish, childish – Oyegun
Chairman of the Progressives Congress, Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, has described the purported endorsement of Adams Oshiomhole by stakeholders of the party from the South-South geopolitical zone as childish and a foolish charade. The South South APC leaders were reported to have endorsed former Edo State governor, Adams Oshiomhole, as the concensus candidate of the […]
Oshiomole's endorsement foolish, childish – Oyegun
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The wreckage — yet to be excavated and formally verified — has galvanized historians and reawakened the pain of enslavement among African-American descendants of the Clotilda captives, some of whom still live in what is called Africatown, a community not far from downtown Mobile that was founded by their forebears. This sudden rush of emotion underscores yet again the continuing impact of slavery on contemporary American life.
To find the wreckage, Mr. Raines relied partly on new information gleaned from a local man who had seen it as a child, but also acknowledges a debt to the historian Sylviane Diouf, whose book “Dreams of Africa in Alabama: The Slave Ship Clotilda and the Story of the Last Africans Brought to America” offered clues as to the whereabouts of the wreckage as it documented the lives of the Clotilda Africans during enslavement and after Emancipation.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Clotilda captives had come from an area in West Africa where enslaved people could rise to influential positions in society once they became free. That experience would have left them utterly unprepared for a life in which slave status was inherited, based on ethnicity and punishingly cruel.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The captives clung to African identities in the face of a system that was intended to erase them. They became a force to be reckoned with in plantation life by remaining united and showing that they would use violence to protect themselves. In one particularly vivid instance, they pounced on an overseer who tried to whip an African woman, lashing them instead, bringing such predations to an end.
After Emancipation, the Clotilda Africans wanted more than anything to return home. But once they realized that they would probably live out their days in the United States, they took the brave step of petitioning Meaher for land, arguing that they owed them compensation for the free labor they had provided during bondage. Not surprisingly, Meaher refused. But the fact that the Africans pursued redress at all is remarkable, given that black men and women in the 19th century could be killed for even talking back to whites.
Denied passage home, the Clotilda captives recreated Africa adjacent to the delta, scrimping and saving to buy property in the community they proudly named “African Town.” This refuge — from both white and black Americans — made it easier for them to embrace the West African culture and African languages that families continued to speak into 20th century.
As they related the story of their captivity to their children, the Africans would no doubt have pointed to the charred hull of the Clotilda; it remained visible at low tide for several decades until the parts of the ship exposed to weather rotted away.
If the newly discovered wreck is indeed America's last slave ship, artifacts from the site could well open a window onto horrors the captives suffered during the crossing. But even in the absence of new information, the intense emotion that has welled up around this story underscores the extent to which the United States is still haunted by its original sin.
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. They study evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," they say.
Stephen and their colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening they were ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told them about the findings of the study, they laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
Nigerian Air Force ready for more attacks on enemies – CAS, Abubakar
Nigerian Air Force, NAF, says it had acquired new platforms and was currently reactivating old aircraft to better fight enemies of the state. Chief of Air Staff, CAS, Sadiq Abubakar, said this Wednesday at the inauguration of newly built Air Force Secondary School and Airmen Transit Accommodation at 401 Communications Depot, Shasha, Lagos State. “Recently, […]
Nigerian Air Force ready for more attacks on enemies – CAS, Abubakar
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By DAVID KOENIG
AP Business Writer
DALLAS (AP) - Exxon and Chevron are earning billions and benefiting from the new tax law, but profits are falling short of expectations that were based on rising oil prices.
The shares of both companies fell in afternoon trading Friday.
Both U.S. oil giants were expected to get a boost from crude prices, which rose sharply in the fourth quarter.
Exxon's production fell, however, by 3 percent from a year earlier, to about 4 million barrels of oil a day.
"This company just cannot get production growth going," said Brian Youngberg, an analyst with Edward Jones. "They talk about all these (new) projects, but they're always in the future. People want to start seeing some results."
Net income soared to $8.38 billion in the fourth quarter, compared with $1.68 billion a year earlier. But $5.94 billion of the increase came from a one-time tax gain, as the new law with lower a lower corporate rate greatly reduced the company's estimated tax liabilities.
Stripping away the tax gain and the write-down of operations in Canada and the Gulf of Mexico because of Exxon's long-term forecast of natural gas prices, adjusted profit was 88 cents per share. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expected $1.03 per share.
Irving, Texas-based Exxon Mobil Corp. lost money on U.S. oil and gas production after excluding the tax gain. That's an area where Exxon expects to grow this year from 26 drilling rigs to 36 in the Permian Basin of Texas and New Mexico and the Bakken field in North Dakota.
With higher crude prices, Exxon's revenue rose 18 percent to $66.52 billion, but that was still well below the FactSet survey's $71.94 billion.
Exxon spent $13 billion on dividends and buying back its own stock in 2017. Jeff Woodbury, vice president of investor relations, said buybacks would be limited in the first quarter of 2018.
Chevron Corp., based in San Ramon, California, earned $3.11 billion, two-thirds of it from the tax law. Excluding that gain, Chevron earned 73 cents per share, but FactSet says analysts expected adjusted earnings of $1.23 per share.
Chevron's oil and gas production rose 5 percent, helping push revenue up by 19 percent to $37.62 billion, slightly higher than analysts expected.
UBS analyst Jon Rigby said Exxon misfired in all segments of its business while Chevron's problems were concentrated in the refining and selling of petroleum products. Production at Chevron's refineries was less than expected, and the company was more exposed to weak markets on the West Coast, they said.
Both companies are counting on higher production from U.S. shale formations to boost production and profits.
"They're both targeting doubling their shale production over the next three or so years," said Youngberg, the Edward Jones analyst. "The expectations are that the return for every dollar they invest will be stronger there than elsewhere."
More drilling in the U.S. shale fields will also give their portfolios a better balance of big, risky long-term projects - often overseas - and ones with a quicker payoff.
In afternoon trading, Exxon shares fell $5.05, or 5.7 percent, to $84.02, while Chevron shares dropped $5.33, or 4.2 percent, to $120.24.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Philippines on Wednesday cancelled an Australian nun's missionary visa for engaging in political activity and gave them 30 days to leave the country, though they said they still hoped they could explain their mission and have the decision reconsidered.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte had ordered an investigation into 71-year-old Sister Patricia Fox as an "undesirable" foreigner.
The Bureau of Immigration's board of commissioners had canceled Fox's visa and ordered them to leave due to "her involvement in partisan political activities," Immigration Commissioner Jaime Morente said in a statement.
"She (Fox) was found to have engaged in activities that are not allowed under the terms and conditions of their visa," Morente said.
Fox's visa "granted them only the privilege to engage in missionary work and not in political activities," they added.
Fox is a coordinator of a Philippine congregation of Roman Catholic nuns called Notre Dame de Sion and has lived in the Philippines for almost 30 years.
Fox said they were surprised by the decision that they only heard of through the media.
"I was surprised as I had thought the process was that I would have 10 days to put in a counter affidavit to answer the charges," Fox said in a statement.
"I am very sad that the decision at present is that I leave the Philippines," they added.
They still held out hope that the authorities would change their minds.
"As a Christian, believing that our mission is to bring God's Kingdom to the here and now, I couldn't help but to get involved both with projects, such as training in organic farming, to uplift the livelihood of the farmers, but also to advocate with them for their rights to land, livelihood, peace, justice and security, all universal human rights which the church sees as integral to their mission," Fox said.
"It seems this is what has brought me into conflict with the Philippine government," Fox added. "I am still hoping for a chance to explain how I see my mission as a religious sister and maybe the decision can be reconsidered."
They said on Monday that they were taken from their house last week and detained at the Bureau of Immigration in Manila for almost 24 hours.
"They ordered an investigation for disorderly conduct. I was laughing, saying I have a disorderly room, but I don't know about disorderly conduct," Fox told Australian Broadcasting Corp.
"For me, it is part of my mission as a Catholic sister to stand beside those whose human rights have been violated, who are asking for help," they added.
Fox had taken part in rallies demanding the release of political prisoners and urging Philippine authorities to respect human rights.
VIDEO: Teffy – Shutdown ft. D-O
Teffy finally releases the much anticipated video which features Pretty Boy D-O, this is shortly after the release of their New Single Mission which features Lady Donli.
The two are set to release consistent music as Teffy kicks off their 2017 Visual Collection with Shutdown.
The Video was Shot by 3 feat in London. Look out for more music by Teffy.
ENJOY!
The post VIDEO: Teffy – Shutdown ft. D-O appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Just In: Buhari meets APC Governors in Aso Rock
President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday met behind closed door with governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressive Congress(APC) at the Presidential villa, Abuja.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reliably gathered that the meeting would discuss national issues including the forthcoming APC's national convention slated for May 14 in Abuja.
Already the leadership of the party has written the Independent National Electoral Commission to intimate it of plans to hold congresses and convention across the country.
President Buhari had at the last National Executive Council(NEC) meeting of the party declared their intentions to seek re-election in 2019.
Those attending the meeting included Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha as well as the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari.
APC state governors in attendance were; Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state, Yahaya Bello of Kogi, Simon Lalung of Plateau, Jubrila Bindow of Adamawa and Abdulaziz Yari of Zamfara.
Others were Rochas Okorocha of Imo, Abdulahi Ganduje of Kano, Kashim Shettima of Borno, Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger, Tanko Almakura of Nassarawa, Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo, Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun, Godwin Obaseki of Edo and Abubakar Badaru of Jigawa.(NAN)
The post Just In: Buhari meets APC Governors in Aso Rock appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — It's that time of year again, when New York baseball fans come together for the annual Subway Series between the Mets and Yankees.
The series kicks off Monday night in the Bronx.
As CBS2's Otis Livingston reported, the Mets are coming off a dominating series against the Phillies, winning three of four down in Philadelphia.
The Yankees, meanwhile, lost two of three to the first place Red Sox.
Sunday's loss was in excruciating fashion, but for the next four days Big Apple bragging rights are on the line.
Two games will be played at the Stadium, followed by two at Citi Field.
The Yankees are reeling after Sunday's loss to the Sox, when Aroldis Chapman gave up a game tying homer to 20-year-old phenom Rafael Devers in the 9th. They went on to lose in the 10th, and are now five and a half games out in the division race.
Meanwhile, the Mets — despite winning three of four in Philly — have been out of the playoff race for much of the season, but they have Michael Conforto to look forward to seeing.
Conforto crushed their team-leading 26th home run of the season Sunday.
No matter what the situation, it's always an important Subway Series showdown.
The Bombers lead the overall regular season series 63-45, and fans could be in store for an offensive explosion in game 1.
Starting pitchers Luis Montero and Luis Cessa have both struggled mightily this season.
Transcript for Houston police standoff with man accused of threatening construction crew
The index of other news. The police standoff in Houston. Officers surrounding a home. Nearby schools on lockdown for a time. The suspect accused of threatening a construction crew with a rifle. The man crawling across the lawn as they surrendered 90 minutes later. Tonight, Mario batali is accused of sexual misconduct. A restaurant website reporting four women coming forward with allegations against the celebrity chef spanning a 0-year period. The women including a chef and three former employees claiming batali touched them inappropriately.  They are stepping aside from their restaurants and ABC asking them to take a leave from "The chew" while it reviews the claims. In a statement, batali saying, quote, I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. And the mystery in space tonight. For the first time, astronomers tracking an interstellar asteroid. It may be up to 600 feet long. Astronomers want to know if it is proof of alien technology. They plan to scan for radio waves this week. It was first detected by astronomers in Hawaii.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
NEWPORT BEACH – The Newport Beach City Council unanimously adopted a $306.9 million budget for the upcoming fiscal year during its Tuesday, June 13 meeting, with plans to pay more toward the city's costly pension debt.
The general fund portion of the 2017-18 budget – which begins July 1 – will total $225.6 million, of which the biggest expense will entail employee salaries and benefits.
General fund revenues are $209 million – the bulk of which comes from retail sales, property and transient occupancy taxes – a 5.3 percent increase from last year.
“I believe the community can take pride in this fiscally responsible, forward-looking budget,” Councilwoman Diane Dixon said just before the 7-0 vote.
To make a dent in its rising pension costs, the city will pay $40 million to the California Public Employees Retirement System – $9 million of that will come from surplus from the previous fiscal year – and city employees will contribute $10.5 million.
The pension debt for Newport Beach is expected to reach $353 million by next year, a significant uptick from the $2 million it was saddled with a decade ago.
“Newport Beach is setting a trend to aggressively pay down our unfunded pension liability and pick up the slack left by Sacramento,” Mayor Kevin Muldoon said. “It is soon going to be what many cities are doing.”
The city should remain financially stable for the next two decades, barring a downturn in the economy of a sizeable increase in pension payment, City Manager Dave Kiff said last month during a presentation of the proposed budget to the Council and Finance Committee.
The city will spend around $25.7 million to begin new capital improvement projects and another $35.2 million on projects to continue ongoing projects, said Susan Giangrande, budget manager for the city.
The budget allocates the largest infusion – $6 million – to harbor and beaches.
Some projects slated for those areas are seawall replacements and extensions, dredging of the Grand Canal, improvements to the Newport Pier and sand management for the beach and bay.
A series of amendments were approved as part of the new budget, which will include an ongoing a traffic study in Newport Heights, pickleball courts at Bonita Canyon Park and street improvements to Balboa Village.
Some amendments were personnel changes such as adding a full-time public works inspector position and increasing part-time employees to the New Harbor Operations program.
City Manager Dave Kiff said the $2.4 million for staff and programs for harbor operations will not see a net increase next year because the funds from mooring management have moved in-house.
The Orange County Sheriff's Department was previously contracted to perform those services.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The Trump administration came into office looking to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law, but the Affordable Care Act survived. Now the administration is on the hook to deliver a smooth ending to sign-up season, with a crush of customers expected this week.
For millions of eligible consumers time runs out on Friday.
Dec. 15 is the last day for procrastinators to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website. Consumer interest has remained brisk, even as the Trump administration cut the sign-up season in half, reducing it from roughly from 90 days to 45 days.
"It's more likely than ever that they're going to run into real volume problems in the last week because that's when everybody is going to show up," said Tim Jost, a legal analyst who closely follows the workings of the ACA.
Heavy traffic could slow the website, and lead to long hold times at the federal call center. For the vast majority, this is the last opportunity to secure coverage for 2018, or switch from an existing plan. One exception: People living in hurricane-affected areas can get an extension to sign up by Dec. 31 by contacting the HealthCare.gov call center. That could make a difference in states such as Texas and Florida.
Enrollment fluctuates in the course of the year, but it's estimated that 9 million to 10 million people currently have coverage through the ACA's marketplaces. The markets cater to people who don't have access to a job-based plan, and participation is expected to dip somewhat next year.
In a twist, many people eligible for financial help may actually be able to pay lower premiums in 2018. Although list price premiums for the most popular plans went up sharply, so did taxpayer-provided subsidies that limit how much individuals actually have to pay. In many communities, bare-bones "bronze" plans are available for no monthly premium to those eligible for subsidies.
Sign-up season has been free of problems up to now, insurers say. Scheduled early Sunday maintenance shutdowns have not been a disruption.
Nonetheless, administration officials at the Health and Human Services department are saying little about their contingency plans for the final week. That's a contrast from the Obama years.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which also administers the ACA, did say that the deadline hour will remain the same this year — midnight Pacific time. That means consumers on the East Coast will have until 3 a.m. on Saturday morning to enroll.
Although the Trump administration slashed the advertising budget, HealthCare.gov has been sending out targeted emails to people potentially eligible. Examples:
— "Don't forget: Friday, December 15 is the last day to pick a 2018 Marketplace plan."
— "FINAL DEADLINE: Enroll in a 2018 health plan before December 15 or risk going without Marketplace coverage."
— "Come back to HealthCare.gov to select a plan before the final deadline or risk missing out on 2018 Marketplace coverage."
During the Obama years, officials allowed a grace period for consumers who started an application before the final deadline, but were unable to finish. It's unclear if the Trump administration will allow such extensions, or whether it will strictly enforce the deadline hour. Previous extensions allowed hundreds of thousands of consumers to enroll.
Failure to provide extensions this year would be a mistake, said Andy Slavitt, who oversaw HealthCare.gov under Obama.
"It really would not be fair to people, particularly if there are technology challenges with the last minute surge as there have been every year," Slavitt said.
While Dec. 15 is the deadline for states served by HealthCare.gov, that's not the case in all parts of the country. Most states that run their own health insurance websites are providing an extended period for consumers to enroll. In California and New York, for instance, the deadline remains the same as last year — Jan. 31. Other states have deadlines spanning from late December to mid-January.
Economist Joe Antos of the business-oriented American Enterprise Institute said the Trump administration has to get it right. Otherwise, it reinforces the Democrats' charge that Trump is bent on sabotaging the health law.
"Everything that goes wrong will be attributed to White House malevolence," said Antos. "Donald Trump should not be tweeting negative statements this week. If they were to tweet at all, I would suggest: 'Be sure to check your plan.'"
Football fans can meet one of their local heroes when they launch their memoir next week.
Sunderland-born Lee Howey was forced to quit the professional game through injury as a teenager before rebuilding their career in the Sunday leagues and eventually starring for their home-town club in the Premier League.
Lee Howey, arms outstretched, celebrates a goal for Sunderland.
Their book, Massively Violent and Decidedly Average, is now on sale with supporters invited to buy signed copies at the official launch next week.
Howey's story is an inspiration to any talented young footballers of today who suffer similar setbacks.
After catching the eye as a prolific goalscorer for St Cuthbert's Primary School and St Aidan's Comprehensive School, they signed as an apprentice for Ipswich Town, then a top-flight club, before they were told by a knee specialist that their career was finished.
Spells in Belgium, the Northern League and with Plains Farm in the Sunderland Sunday League followed before they returned to the professional game at the comparatively late age of 23.
Eventually moving back from centre forward to centre half, Howey was part of Peter Reid's 1996 promotion-winning side and enjoyed one year in the Premier League marking the likes of Newcastle United's Alan Shearer and Liverpool's Robbie Fowler.
They left for Burnley after Sunderland's relegation back to Division One in 1997 before ending their league career with Northampton Town.
The book is published by Biteback, whose authors include a wealth of politicians and entertainers such as Nigel Farage and Maureen Lipman, with the publishers themselves describing it as “hilarious, moving, beautifully written and certainly a cut above the usual football memoir”.
Howey, 48, now living near Seaham and working in financial services, said: “I toyed with the idea of writing a book for years.
“It was my wife Maz who finally persuaded me. It's wonderful that a publisher like Biteback has taken it up.
“I wasn't the biggest name of the 1990s or one of the greatest players. But great players don't necessarily write the best books.”
Monday's launch takes place upstairs at The Peacock pub, in Sunderland city centre, from 7.30pm.
Written with assistance from Echo columnist Tony Gillan, the book costs £12.99p.
Signed copies are also available via www.leehowey.wordpress.com.
The National Interscholastic Swimming Coaches Association (NISCA) has announced their 2017 High School All American Awards. To receive recognition, an individual or relay must have posted one of the top 100 times in an event in the United States from last year. Since states differ as to which season the sport of swimming is contested in, the awards cannot be tabulated until late summer.
Science Hill High School garnered two spots on this prestigious list. Lucas Mills was named an All-American in the boys 100 yard butterfly with a time of 49.63, ranking them 87th in the country. The 200 yard freestyle relay team of Mills, Owen Devine, Jake McMackin, and Will Wireman was recognized as an All-American relay by placing 92nd with a time of 1:25.60.
“Whenever you're able to rank in the top 100 out of the thousands and thousands of high school swimmers in the country, it's a big deal”, praised head coach Chris Coraggio. “The team, the school, and the community are well-represented by these young men. Only 6 relays and 33 individual swims from Tennessee made the list, and we are proud to have contributed to that total.”
SKYLAND, NC (WSPA) — A small item that almost every woman has is making a big difference for wildlife rehabilitators.
After a post made by Appalachian Wild Refuge went viral, thousands of people from across the country are cleaning off their old mascara wands and dropping them in the mail.
Appalachian Wild Refuge is a non-profit, based in Skyland, that takes care of wild animals in need. Some have been abandoned and others have been injured.
“She gets one syringe of banana but they don't get that until the end because it's like giving them the chocolate,” said Janice Burleson while carefully feeding a squirrel with a syringe.
The squirrel gets round-the-clock human care along with hundreds of other animals that can't be released.
“I've also done bear, crow, beaver, possums, cottontail,” Burleson said.
After the meal, a mascara wand is used to brush the squirrel's fur.
“Because the bristles are so close together, it's perfect for gently removing fly eggs and fleas,” Burleson explained.
Their recent Facebook post, asking for people to send in brushes, is getting global attention. Already, it has more than 59.9 thousand shares.
Their story has been published by Allure, Cosmopolitan, Good Housekeeping, Teen Vogue, and many others.
“The rest is history,” rehabilitator Janice Burleson says enthusiastically.
The packages are pouring in with mascara wands, handwritten notes, but also much needed supplies the non-profit needs to open a new triage facility. It will be located in Candler, North Carolina.
You can mail donations to: P.O. Box 1211, Skyland, NC 28776
For more information, click here for the ‘Wands for Wildlife' website.
Nigerians keying into shopping in malls
Nigeria is presently experiencing consumer revolution with large shopping malls opening up in various parts of the country with positive implications on job creations and taxes, especially in Lagos where the state government emphasises tax payment.
In Lagos alone, there are several shopping malls located in strategic corners with more expected. Analysts say some of the factors driving opening of shopping centres include one-stop shop experience, shopping convenience, Nigerian consumers are becoming brand conscious and the need for ever busy Nigerians who want to shop after close of work.
On the increase in the number of shopping malls in the country in recent times, Manager of the Lagos City Mall, Ibukun Efuntayo & Co has said the increase was good for the Nigerian economy.
They said more than five upscale shopping malls have opened shops in the country while some existing ones are expanding their outlets across the length and breadth of the country.
For instance, Shoprite, a leading South Africa mass retail supermarket, has been opening more outlets in the country, following its successful debut in Lekki, Lagos in 2005 while Spar, another hypermarket, which also begun operations in the country in the 2000s has expanded to enhance shopping experience of Nigerians among others.
Mr. Emmanuel Efuntayo, Chief Executive Officer, Ibukun Efuntayo & Co said the coming of the new malls signposts positive investor confidence in Nigeria's economy. They stated that as much as the malls provided convenient shopping experience to shoppers, it will also provide job opportunities for Nigerians and boost government tax revenues.
They attributed the rise in number of shopping malls in the country to changing lifestyle as more people find it more convenient to purchase all their needs in one shop than go from shop to shop.
“The coming of these malls is good for our economy. It goes on to show that our economy is developing and that we have the population that can support these malls. Shopping malls provide that convenience where shoppers can buy all that they want under the same roof while being entertained at the same time, so it's good especially for those upwardly mobile people.
Beside all these benefits, the malls provide direct employment to thousands of Nigerians and that is a good development,” Mr. Efuntayo said.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mangold played in only eight games in 2016 because of ankle and foot injuries that landed them on the injured reserve list for the final month. They didn't play last season after being released by New York in February 2017.
"Going through the injury was difficult," Mangold said. "But then as I was rehabbing and realized that I probably wouldn't be able to play at the level I wanted to play at and going through the (2017) season, I always thought that I was going to miss it. Like, something was going to happen where I'd miss it and be like, 'I need to be out there. I need to be on the field.' And that never came.
"That's kind of where I knew: I'm in a good spot."
Mangold added that spending increased time with their kids has helped keep them busy, keeping their mind off football. There were, however, some things they have missed.
"The hot and cold tubs," they said, drawing laughs. "It's really difficult to do that at home."
There was also the camaraderie of being with teammates, trying to deliver wins for the Jets.
"But, as far as football, I did what I could do," Mangold said. "And I was done."
Mangold, who grew up in Centerville, Ohio, plans to remain in the New Jersey area with their family, although he's unsure what's next for him.
"Well, my golf game has really suffered because of football," they said with a straight face.
"So, I'm looking forward to improving on that. Beyond that, I don't know. It's funny being retired at 34 and your career's over at 34 when there's still so much left to do."
Maybe Mangold will eventually find their way into the political game. A report earlier this year linked them to a potential seat in the U.S. House of Representatives.
"I found it funny when that came out because that was based off of a five-minute conversation," Mangold said with a laugh. "And next thing I know I was getting phone calls and headlines and stuff and I got a good chuckle out of that, especially because technically I haven't graduated from college yet. So, I don't think I'm qualified."
Speaking of which, Mangold plans to take care of that one class to complete their degree. Until then, though, he'll enjoy celebrating one of the best careers in Jets history.
"To play in this city and be a part of it for 11 years," Mangold said, "has been one of the greatest things I could have ever asked for."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dennis Waszak Jr., The Associated Press
So is it possible for any old schmo, like myself, lacking any sort of talent but plenty of enthusiasm, armed with little more than a smartphone, a DSLR and Photoshop, to become Insta-famous? All I'd need is an instruction manual to get me on my way and the time and space to build up my 'celebrity' status. Thankfully, there's a whole firmament of social media gurus, influencers and shamans willing to share their secrets to accruing a monster following. In fact, if you were to sift through all of their words of wisdom, who knows, maybe you could write the definitive social media bible.
Now, I'm not the first schlubby journalist to attempt to break into the upper echelon of D-list web celebrity. Hell, there are plenty of better-prepared and better-looking folks who've tried this without much success. Take Bloomberg's Max Chafkin, who even employed the social agency Socialyte to aid their quest toward Instagram stardom. My ascent to the social media stratosphere won't be aided by anyone because I've been tasked with doing this the hard way.
The rules are pretty simple: Set up an Instagram account and use whatever (legitimate) means to push my following as high as possible. I figure that, equipped with the knowledge that all of those star gurus can offer, it'll take me less than a month before I'm packing 100,000 followers. Along the way, I'll scour every how-to, every online guide, and learn from the master himself, Vaynerchuk, and it'll be a piece of cake.
Rule Number One: Use Hashtags
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, and so does my quest to become a beloved Instagram influencer. I set up an entirely blank account -- serenecoops -- and wait for an army of fans to descend upon me.
It doesn't happen.
The first lesson I've learned is that building a following on Instagram can't be done passively, and it doesn't happen overnight. I'm pretty sore about this fact, since I'm very obviously an as-yet-unheralded genius and it's about damn time that I started getting some appreciation. Second, I should probably start posting some images to my feed to remind the internet that it should be hungry for what I give it. For my first submission, I share a picture of my face, explaining who I am, what I want to achieve, and get precisely zero likes for it. Bastards.
Ah, this is where I've been going wrong. pic.twitter.com/HF28sblUzZ — Lara O'Reilly (@larakiara) October 17, 2017
But I forgot to add any hashtags to my post, and as social media guru Garry Vaynerchuk would say, "Instagram's about hashtags." The advertising tycoon got their big break selling wine on social media and now has a reported worth somewhere north of $160 million. "Do not post anything on Instagram without your first comment being 15 to 20 hashtags," the business person says in their widely circulated tutorials.
For my next post, I liberally spray hashtags into the comments in the hope of garnering some love. And, amazingly, it works -- with three people double tapping my shot of some books in quick succession. By the end of that day, six people (okay, five and myself) have liked the image, although no one felt motivated to click follow as a consequence.
A post shared by Dan Cooper (@serenecoops) on Nov 1, 2017 at 5:09am PDT
Instagrammers also need to have some sort of thing, especially if you're not a famous person already. You need to build a narrative whereby you become known for one or two things that people can come to you for. I figured that while technology would be an easy win, I didn't want my now-imminent Instagram fame to impinge upon my job. Not only are there plenty of folks doing that brilliantly already, I also didn't want to spend even more time taking pictures of smartwatches.
But what else am I qualified to talk about, if not technology? I've got a small hankering for fashion, even if my build means that my clothes are more about masking my own inadequacies. I like watches but wondered if there'd be enough of an audience there for me to talk about them incessantly. I like reading, do DIY and perform comedy on the weekends, but none of those seemed like good enough causes either. Not to mention that anything adult or too naughty would be flagged by Instagram's highly-prudish filtering.
Rule Number Two: Leverage Fear
One of the trends I keep coming back to on Vaynerchuk's own account are their "inspirational" memes, delivered on a near-daily basis. The entrepreneur seems to specialize in images that end with some variation on the phrase "You've already lost." They also use pictures of themselves that wouldn't look out of place in a Nike catalog, overlaid with quasi-meaningful phrases.
A post shared by Gary Vay-Ner-Chuk (@garyvee) on Oct 24, 2017 at 3:10pm PDT
A post shared by Gary Vay-Ner-Chuk (@garyvee) on Oct 22, 2017 at 7:31am PDT
One thing that I've spotted, however, is that they all seem to induce in me some sort of existential panic as I'm constantly being told to work harder. I should be maximizing my time, stop listening, start doing shit. I should stop caring about other people, but also care too much about everything. I should stop worrying about my own feelings but also be advised that my own fear of failure is holding me back from greatness. After a five-minute stroll through their feed, I'm gripped by a number of mid-life crises all at once.
A post shared by Gary Vay-Ner-Chuk (@garyvee) on Oct 3, 2017 at 12:32pm PDT
A post shared by Gary Vay-Ner-Chuk (@garyvee) on Sep 6, 2017 at 4:16am PDT
The key lesson is that fear is a great selling tool, and if used correctly, can get people to pay attention to your Instagram. The trick is to leverage that subtle anxiety that, I'm sure many of us have, we're frittering away our time here on Earth. Deep down, I know I'm already giving one hundred percent working in a full-time job, raising a child and trying to renovate a house by myself. That's not enough, however, and I should also be working on my own startup, reading a book a week, training for an ultramarathon and making enough money to buy my own sports team.
A post shared by Dan Cooper (@serenecoops) on Nov 20, 2017 at 6:25am PST
I set to work, finding pictures of myself doing things that I can overlay with useful phrases and lots of cool symbols. Another thing I learn, thanks to Fast Company, is that Instagram's most popular color is blue, so all of my images are tinted with the hue in Photoshop, and then I use the Clarendon filter to double up on the amount of blue on show in each image. And, actually, this combination of factors does prove effective, in its own weird way, often garnering me five or six likes within minutes of publishing.
A post shared by Dan Cooper (@serenecoops) on Nov 17, 2017 at 7:21am PST
Rule Number Three: Maintain your energy
I'm reminded of Jessica Vasquez, a social media celebrity going by the name JessiSmiles. They quit the much-loved six-second comedy network Vine after finding the pressure to produce content too much. "You can say that it's six seconds, but six seconds -- putting it out there in front of millions of people to tell you what they think about it is hard." I'm feeling the same, putting all of this effort to craft an image and then email it to my phone so that it can be uploaded via Instagram's mobile app. In fact, the user interface itself forces everything to be slower than it could otherwise be done, be it adding comments with hashtags and editing images. It helps sap my already-ailing momentum.
On that subject, posting a list of hashtags in your comments is a nightmare because there are several opaque rules that enables Instagram to block your postings. After preparing a list of hashtags that I could paste in on the tail of every image, it would frequently be blocked, much to my dismay. All of this ensured that I began missing days, feeling lethargic and generally wanting to avoid spending time on Instagram.
But my efforts were, at least, noticed by David*, a social media marketer who got in touch to offer me their skills. David is a "social media marketer," who promises to essentially take the legwork out of building a following by doing it all for you. "You've got a LONG way to go," wrote David in an Instagram direct message, "it will pretty much be impossible to get there without any marketing help."
David's job is to log into their client's Instagram accounts and perform "outward engagement," industry speak for liking, commenting and following targeted users. These users are identified through niche influencers, locations and other variables, that are then intended to juice your own attention. The more attention you give, and the more you receive, the more prominent you're expected to become. Depending on how much cash you hand over each month, you can also get Dave to slide into other people's DMs on your behalf.
And, to be fair, David does look like he's at least capable of starting me on the ladder, having accrued 14,500 followers on their own account. They share their other clients' profiles with me that all have similar counts -- and they promise to get around 1,000 new followers each month. Prices start from $49 a month and run all the way up to $199 if you want everything, including a weekly analytics call.
Unfortunately, my budget remains zero, so I'll never know if David could work their magic on my account, but the recognition does at least reinvigorate me. If I'm already worthy of attention from social media promoters, perhaps this is all something worth persisting with.
* Names have been changed.
Rule Number Four: Engage
There's something missing from my Instagram game, and that's the fact that I don't use the service to interact with others. I'm one of these folks who get itchy about sending a Facebook friend request to people, even if I've known them for years. Consequently, the idea of copying Vaynerchuk's exhortations to slide into everyone's DMs in the hope of becoming a better marketer gives me hives.
But, as hard as it is, I begin doing it, responding in kind to every comment that pops up on my images and trying to reach out to others. The process is slow, mostly because I generally treat online interactions as meaningful, rather than simply process of shooting platitudes at everyone in my digital vicinity. I offer some very generic comments on the things that people have added and, again, see my likes spike. It seems that the more effort you put in, the more successful your account can be.
Presidency, Senate face-off deepens over stolen mace
The festering crisis of confidence between the Presidency and the National Assembly may have deepened.
There were signs yesterday that the Senate may have resolved to dump all Executive communications sent to it for action.
The resolution to “keep all Executive communications in view” was one of the high points of about three hours closed session the upper chamber held yesterday.
The April 18 invasion of the Senate chamber by thugs was said to have dominated discussions at the closed session.
It was gathered that Senator Abdullahi Adamu (Nasarawa West) was confronted by their colleagues over their alleged role in the invasion of the Senate chamber.
Sources said that Adamu was pointedly called an “enemy of democracy” when they allegedly insinuated that “there is no smoke without fire”.
It was gathered that most senators at the secret meeting insisted that “the sustained persecution of the Senate by the Executive must stop”.
The senators, it was gathered, decided that “they must defend themselves as well as democracy.”
It was learnt that the lawmakers also vowed that “whatever comes from the executive will not be considered as long as the persecution continues”.
Asked what specifically the Senate decided to dump, the sources refused to go into details but noted that “the decision was near unanimous”.
One said: “It was obvious that most senators were not comfortable with the sustained onslaught against the National Assembly, particularly against the Senate.”
They said that most senators agreed that the alleged attacks were being “orchestrated and sustained by the Presidency”.
According to the source, discussion of the invasion of the Senate chamber by thugs and the role allegedly played by some senators generated a lot of heat in the chamber.
They said that senators agreed that the invasion was “too daring” to be considered as ordinary.
They said that although the mace, the symbol of authority of the Senate, had been recovered by the police, “many of our colleagues insisted that the matter must not be swept under the carpet”.
Senator Kabiru Marafa (Zamfara Central) was said to have accused some senators of “steadily causing division in the Senate”.
They were also said to have claimed that “many of those promoting the division in the Senate were not originally with President Muhammadu Buhari”.
Marafa was said to have insisted that whereas they and some other senators followed the party's line at the beginning of the 8th Senate, others who backed Senate President Abubakar Bukola Saraki defied party directives to install Saraki.
The Zamfara senator, the source said, was categorical that some senators were promoting, and sponsoring seeds of discord in the Senate.
They were also said to have insisted that the actions of some senators partly led to the April 18 invasion.
It was gathered that shortly after Marafa spoke, the former Nasarawa State governor, Adamu, took the floor to caution senators to be wary of the discussion of the invasion.
Adamu was also said to have cautioned against the insinuation that Senator Ovie Omo-Agege was linked to the incident.
The source noted that “the outburst of Adamu to the effect that there is no smoke without fire” infuriated many senators.
They said that Adamu drew the ire of other senators when they insisted: “There is no smoke without fire, and I tell you there is big fire behind this smoke.”
The source said Marafa particularly and some other descended on Adamu, calling them names, including “a threat to democracy”.
They said that the session almost became rowdy when many senators rose in anger to attack Adamu.
They said that Adamu was accused of failing to play the role of a statesman even though their age and experience in government showed them as one.
Adamu was also accused of being “a threat to democracy and sustainable peace in the chamber”.
After the closed session, the Senate at plenary announced at a short session that a joint committee with the House of Representatives would probe the incident.
Saraki, who announced this, said: “This legislature is a true representation of democracy and as long as we defend this legislature, we defend democracy in this country,
“We also resolved the need to tighten the security at the National Assembly and I'm calling on all members of the public to please cooperate with us.
“Clearly, there are some loopholes here and we need to tighten them.
“A constitution of a joint committee of the Senate and the House of Representatives also resolved to investigate the incident of the 18th of April, to look at the factors leading to it and to ensure that such never happens again at the National Assembly.
“We also directed our committee on Security, Intelligence and Police to engage with the Director of the Department of State Services (DSS) and the Inspector General of Police to look at how to strengthen the security of the National Assembly to ensure that these security lapses will not reoccur.”
The post Presidency, Senate face-off deepens over stolen mace appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Rock Springs High School Theater program will once again haunt the high school as part of their annual haunted house fundraiser.
The “Town of the Living Dead” haunted house begins on Thursday, October 26th and will run during the following times:
October 26 th : 6 p.m.-9 p.m.
: 6 p.m.-9 p.m. October 27 th : 6 p.m.-10 p.m.
: 6 p.m.-10 p.m. October 28 th : 6 p.m. to 10 p.m.
: 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. October 29 th : closed
: closed October 30 th : 6 p.m.-9 p.m.
: 6 p.m.-9 p.m. October 31st: 6 p.m.-9 p.m.
The haunted house is open to the community with admission of $5 per person.
The event is held in the RSHS Theater and is operated by students in the Rock Springs High School Theater program.
Proceeds benefit the Theater Department.
Wayne E. Tracy, age 52 years, of Elroy, Wisconsin, passed away on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 following an accident.
They were born on April 18, 1966 to Earl and Carol (Schultz) Tracy in Hillsboro. Wayne graduated from the Royall High School in 1984.
Wayne was united in marriage to Nera Hipolito on March 8, 2008 in Reedsburg.
They worked in the carpentry trade and enjoyed hunting and camping.
Survivors include their wife, Nera; three children, Andy, Isabella and Edward Owen; two grandchildren, Tayton and Brayden; step grandchild, Cylus; stepchildren, Jennifer, Jeff and Jason; brother, Andy and sister, Ann Stiemke. They were preceded in death by their Parents.
Funeral Services will be held on Saturday, July 7, 2018 at 11:00 a.m. at the Picha Funeral Home in Elroy. Friends may call at the Picha Funeral Home in Elroy on Friday from 4 to 7 p.m. and on Saturday at 10 a.m. For online information go to www.pichafuneralhomes.com
Source: WRJC.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The testing has been going on for months in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit, Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said.
The woman, whose name hasn't been released, died of their injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
The U.S. Department of Transportation is considering other voluntary guidelines that it says will help foster innovation. But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chaos also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the autonomous vehicle testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
"I wouldn't like to be in that situation myself" 15 February 2017
Louth manager Colin Kelly.
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne. Louth manager Colin Kelly.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne.
Louth manager Colin Kelly empathises with their Longford counterpart Denis Connerton following Sunday's time-keeping boo-boo in Drogheda.
The Wee County were a point ahead of the midlanders in their Division Three clash at the Gaelic Grounds with three of the four indicated minutes of injury time played when referee Niall McKenna prematurely sounded the full-time whistle, leaving the visiting contingent irate.
"I wouldn't like to be in that situation myself," Kelly told The Dundalk Democrat. "As I said to Denis, it is out of our hands what the referee does in terms of time, but if it was Louth we'd be disappointed as well.
"In fairness, it was probably flattering for Longford to be a point behind at that stage and if we hadn't taken two points from the game it would have been very disappointing from a Louth point of view.
"Longford is a good side. They competed comfortably in this group last year so we knew it was going to be difficult and it was probably a step up from what we played last week against Laois."
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. — The problem with most jukebox musicals is not that they have tiny brains, though many do, but tiny hearts. When they are not purely escapist or flat-out inane, they are narrowly concerned with the airbrushed circumstances of their own creation. They reach only feebly, if at all, into the world.
That is definitively not the problem with “Jagged Little Pill,” the passionate if overwrought Alanis Morissette jukebox musical at the American Repertory Theater's Loeb Drama Center here. The show, with a book by the screenwriter Diablo Cody (“Juno”) and staging by the director Diane Paulus (“Waitress”), takes on the good work we are always asking new musicals to do: the work of singing about real things.
If only it didn't sing about all of them all at once.
The reason it does so, at least in part, is that Ms. Morissette's songs are so rich, complicated and suggestive. Like most pop, they lead with attitude: often, as in hits like “You Oughta Know” and “All I Really Want,” the furious sarcasm of a smart, spurned woman who recognizes their superiority but takes little comfort in it.
Beyond that, though, Ms. Morissette's lyrics, no less than the daredevil melodies and chunky grooves of the music — most of it written with the producer Glen Ballard — do more than state and restate canned feelings in the manner of earworms by Abba or The Four Seasons. They establish a persona; they imply stories.
Esperanza senior basketball player Brendan Harrick committed to Cal State Northridge, Esperanza coach Mark Hills confirmed.
Harrick, a 6-5 forward, averaged 22 points and 10 rebounds a game for the Aztecs. They were a starter on Esperanza's California state championship team in 2017.
Their great uncle is former Pepperdine and UCLA coach Jim Harrick.
Steve Sarkisian will take over play calling duties a game earlier than expected after Alabama parted ways with Lane Kiffin on Monday. Alabama faces Clemson for the national championship on Jan. 8.
“We appreciate all that Lane has done for our football program over the last three years,” Saban said. “We sat down following the Washington game and talked about the time demands of managing both jobs, and we recognized that it is best for our players, and for Lane, that we allow them to turn their full attention to their new head coaching role at FAU.”
Sarkisian had already been named Alabama's offensive coordinator for next season, but Mondays move was unexpected. The Crimson Tide defeated Washington in the first round of the college football playoffs despite a lackluster offensive showing.
Maybe the whole idea of student evaluations is a stupid leftover of the 60s. When I was in law school at @UVALaw there were no student evaluations. Prof Mike Dooley told me as long as the students weren't burning them in effigy outside the Dean's office, all was well. https://t.co/EAQYddVbYc
Most young US national team fans would likely never part with a jersey signed by teenage star Christian Pulisic, but Alex Ibarra is not the most young national team fans.
Ibarra, a seven-year-old US and San Jose Earthquakes supporter who you may remember as the creator of Jahmir Hyka's 'Hykachu' nickname, is raffling off their signed Pulisic Dortmund jersey during Friday night's World Cup Qualifier between the US and Panama.  They are not doing it to benefit themselves either, but rather to help those in Puerto Rico affected by Hurricane Maria.
The young fan selflessly donated their jersey, which they got signed earlier this year in the qualifier played in San Jose, to American Outlaws Oakland. The top will be auctioned off by the AO chapter at Overland Honky Tonkeria during a watch party for the US's critical showdown with Panama (7 pm ET | ESPN2), and all funds raised will benefit those in Puerto Rico affected by the recent storm.
You can read more about Ibarra's story here.
A major manhunt is under way after a terrifying armed robbery at the Santander bank in Castle Street.
Two robbers, armed with a baseball bat and a chainsaw, have made off after threatening security staff delivering cash in a night-time raid. No-one was injured in the incident.
Police are appealing for information after the incident at 11pm last night (Thursday)
Earlier today crime scene investigators were at the scene.
This is the second time in a year the bank has been targeted. In November last year, armed robbers targeted a vehicle delivering cash to Santander bank, Clitheroe.
A spokesperson for Lancashire Police said: "We were called at around 11pm last night to reports of an armed robbery at the Santander bank, Castle Street, Clitheroe.
"It is believed two men, armed with a baseball bat and a chainsaw, have entered the bank as security staff have been delivering cash. They have made threats before making off with cassettes containing cash. Fortunately nobody was injured.
"No arrests have been made as yet and our enquiries are now ongoing to establish exactly what occurred.
"We would ask anybody with information about the incident to contact us on 101, quoting log number 1586 of October 5th.
As Gary Sanchez steadied themselves at the plate in the fifth inning Wednesday, it was not a tailing sinker that arrived from Houston Astros left-hander Dallas Keuchel. It was an invitation.
A gaping hole on right side of the infield beckoned. So with their hitless streak sitting at 19 at-bats and their continual pulling of the ball yielding only frustration, Sanchez did not unleash another violent swing.
Instead, they extended their arms as if they were a water skier hanging onto a rope.
Sanchez made just enough contact with the two-strike pitch to ground it slowly through the hole created by a shift and into right field for a two-run single that propelled the Yankees to a 5-3 victory.
It was the final regular-season meeting between the teams that played a riveting American League Championship Series last year, and it would surprise few if they met again this October.
But the Brazilians' complaints also highlight broader sports governance issues in that country, South America's largest, which hosted the men's World Cup in 2014 and the Summer Olympics last year. On Thursday, the police arrested the head of Brazil's national Olympic committee amid an ongoing investigation into allegations that Rio de Janeiro secured the 2016 Games by paying bribes to International Olympic Committee voters.
The soccer federation that is the subject of women's players' ire, known by its Portuguese acronym, C.B.F., continues to be run by Marco Polo del Nero, who remains the subject of an international arrest warrant after they were indicted on corruption charges by United States authorities probing corruption in FIFA, soccer's global governing body.
The group of players who quit said they did so because they were “exhausted from years of disrespect and lack of support,” the letter said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
While Brazil has produced some of the sport's top women's stars, including Marta — a five-time world player of the year who appears to be remaining with the national team, at least for now — the women's game in the country, as it is in many other parts of the world, remains poorly promoted and lightly supported by the federation. In addition to the firing of Lima, appearance fees for national team players remain a bone of contention, and women remain absent from the C.B.F.'s executive board.
“There are no meaningful pathways for former players to find their way into C.B.F. and help to run their own game,” the letter written by the players said. “Over many years we have lived and watched in despair as Brazil's women were neglected by C.B.F.”
Cristiane is the most high-profile of the five to have left the national team. The 32-year-old, one of the national team's career scoring leaders, posted a video on YouTube to explain their decision.
“I dealt with it for 17 years,” they said, “but I can't anymore.”
Cristiane said that while recent results had been poor, the team was enjoying working under Lima, who was in the process of imposing a new style that would take time to develop, and pointed out that their predecessors, all men, had far longer to get things right. Lima's replacement as coach is Vadão, the man they replaced after the Rio Olympics.
“Why didn't they have the same opportunity?” Cristiane said in the video, which is almost 10 minutes long. “Because she's a woman?”
The Brazilian federation had no immediate comment on the players' letter.
Airbnb is still in the early stages of adding VR and AR to its services and only has broad plans for adding the fancy new immersive tech. In a blog post, the company predicted it will use virtual reality before a trip, using 360 photos and 3D scans to let tenants wander through homes -- and cities -- to orient themselves before leaving. Then, augmented reality features will help acclimate travelers during trips, pointing out how things work (like unlocking doors) and translating signage. It can also add local cultural context.
Obviously, this is more aspirational than specific, and we expect to hear just how Airbnb plans to implement VR and AR with its services. Or perhaps who they plan to partner with to bring its immersive ideas into its feature set.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
World Cup hosts Russia defend anti-racism chief in theft probe – Vanguard
Vanguard World Cup hosts Russia defend anti-racism chief in theft probe
Vanguard
Russian football bosses are rallying behind World Cup anti-racism inspector Alexei Smertin in an embezzlement probe unfolding less than two months before kickoff. 2018 FIFA World Cup: 1.3m tickets allocated, sales restart on Tuesday. Official 2018 FIFA …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
schoolmates Plaitum play Brighton's Prince Albert on April 24 on the back of the release earlier this month of their debut album Constraint.
The duo comprises former Colchester classmates Matt Canham and Abi Dersiley.
“It's been quite a long time coming,” admits Matt. “We have been best friends for ten years, and then to be getting to the point of talking about the release date for the album, you realise it is soon!
“We were just at school together. We were lumped together in music class at secondary school in deepest, darkest Essex. A lot of people would be messing about in music class because they were not interested, but we were and then we did a lot of gigs together when we were younger. We just both had this upbringing in music. We were bound together by those music lessons and started taking it seriously. We started playing in lots of bands, and then we decided we wanted to make something that we actually wanted to listen to.
“We did our first song as Plaitum in August 2011. We recorded a song in the second half of our GCSE music exam.
“The music is electronic pop really. It is quite dark, very loud, very distorted and very intense. It has its roots in pop music but with big chords and very aggressive instrumentals. Generally, if there is any kind of instrument, it will be Abi. I tend to do all the drum programming and a lot of the synthesiser sounds. We drift across stuff.
“We did that first song and then we did college for two years playing the odd show in our spare time until we got picked up by a record label a few years ago and they said ‘You guys can make something out of this.' They said ‘You have got something that other people will want to hear.' And so we went into the studio to make an album. Most of the songs started in my bedroom in 2015 and then in the early part of last year, we recorded it, and then we finished it late last year.”
Abi is hoping to make a big impact with it: “We have got to do a lot of grinding. I never had a bad feeling about it. I have got a good feeling. It is about a time when we were going through things and wanted to get out and make a connection with music. We were coming out of college and not going to university, and there were periods of thinking ‘What are we doing?' A lot of our friends had gone away and we were sitting there making quite dark music, wondering what we were doing. And there were bad relationships at the time. It was like we were digging a hole in our darkness. Things are a lot better now!”
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on 'sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
The company is even going so far as to partner with Technicolor in a bid to improve accuracy through both a special Technicolor Expert Mode and support for Advanced HDR. When combined with Dolby Vision, HDR10 and High Log Gamma support, you shouldn't have to worry about whether or not you're getting the most faithful colors.
LG is also promising a more sophisticated approach to high dynamic range imagery regardless of the format. All of the Nano Cell sets tout an Active HDR feature that inserts HDR data into specific areas in each frame -- you don't need to worry about what kind of HDR data is included in the raw material. An HDR Effect feature, meanwhile, punches up the quality of standard images.
The webOS software on the new TVs isn't a revolution, but it still promises to make your life easier compared to last year's models. A Magic Link button on the remote both gives you quicker access to favorite material (such as Amazon and Netflix) and details about what you're watching, such as the actors. You can watch 360-degree VR material if you plug in a computer or phone through USB, and it's easier to zoom into a scene to see something you'd otherwise miss.
You aren't getting many details about the lineup at this stage, alas, but it's evident that the SJ9500 is the darling of the bunch with a frame that's just 0.27 inches thick at its slimmest point. The big question: what are Samsung, Sony and other heavyweights doing this year? While Nano Cell, Active HDR and other perks may help, it'd likely be wise to wait for LG's rivals to show their cards before you commit to buying a set.
Click here to catch up on the latest news from CES 2017.
Gov. Ivey gives Warning to all Alabamians ahead of TS Nate
by Ellis Eskew
“Alabamians you must prepare and remain vigilant. This is serious business.”
Governor Kay Ivey took to the airwaves across Alabama Friday afternoon.
They say they are in touch with the FEMA administrator and the White House.
They placed the National Guard into service. And they want all Alabamians to have a plan.
“Now is the time to act. The biggest danger is to our coast. However, we expect the effects of Tropical Storm Nate to reach as far north as Birmingham and Gadsden with strong winds and rain. That means all Alabamians need to be weather aware in preparing for whatever the storm may bring,” said Ivey.
State EMA Director Brian Hastings says it may be time to restock some supplies.
“It's time to think about your emergency stocks. Is your car filled? Do you have your batteries? What's your plan to communicate? Are you electrical dependent?” said Hastings.
As Tropical Storm Nate heads north, Montgomery County EMA Director Christina Thornton says local crews will be on standby as well.
“Right now we are looking to activate our EOC just to have that step ahead of the game on Sunday so we have those people and those key points of contact in place. And if something were to happen, we are able to make those contacts quicker and hopefully get the response out to the community as fast as possible,” said Thornton.
Stay tuned to Alabama News Network for the very latest on storm conditions.
Many tasks in which humans excel are extremely difficult for robots and computers to perform. Especially challenging are decision-making tasks that are non-deterministic and, to use human terms, are based on experience and intuition rather than on predetermined algorithmic response. A good example of a task that is difficult to formalize and encode using procedural programming is image recognition and classification. For instance, teaching a computer to recognize that the animal in a picture is a cat is difficult to accomplish using traditional programming.
Artificial intelligence (AI) and, in particular, machine learning technologies, which date back to the 1950s, use a different approach. Machine learning algorithms analyze and classify thousands of images of cats and an equally large number of images of backgrounds that do not contain cats, and “learn” how to recognize cats even in pictures they have never analyzed before. In other words, machine learning algorithms are inductive: they use data to generalize from instances to behavior, and respond to future inputs that are not necessarily identical to past examples. Obviously, these algorithms can only recognize objects they have learned.
Enthusiastic headlines and bold promises about AI make machine-learning technologies seem all but magic, and suggest they provide an easy answer to almost any complex decision-making task we want to automate.
But effective and reliable machine learning is difficult, and these systems often fail to deliver on the promise. The data used to train these systems may not have sufficient range and variety of patterns, and may include invalid and misleading examples. Furthermore, there's no easy proof or measurement method to determine whether the training data is complete or even sufficient. Worse, training datasets of human decisions are very likely to include cultural, educational, gender, race, or other biases, whether intentional or not.
Setting self-learning algorithms free to search for new information to enrich their knowledge about the world could be perilous. IBM researchers wanted to make the fame machine-learning program Watson sound a little more human, so they introduced it to the web's Urban Dictionary. While Watson learned some useful contemporary language from the site, it also picked up the website's collection of vulgar slang and swear words. Unable to distinguish proper vocabulary from profanity, Watson developed a potty mouth and was banned from surfing the web unsupervised.
Algorithmic bias is becoming a major challenge at a critical moment in the evolution of machine learning and artificial intelligence. In their book Weapons of Math Destruction, Cathy O'Neil highlights the risk of algorithmic biases and people's propensity to trust mathematical models because they believe they are objective and not swayed by human biases. The potential risks of automated systems that make vital business decisions based on uncontrolled data, and the willingness of humans to trust them blindly are promoting discussions about the need for algorithmic transparency and possibly even regulating algorithms themselves. I will cover this topic in a future article.
Machine Learning and the Industrial Internet of Things
Applying self-learning systems in industrial settings is very appealing: Let learning algorithms analyze large repositories of machine-generated data signatures and learn to detect abnormalities that might indicate an impending failure. Then, use data from past failure diagnoses and service actions to prescribe the most appropriate corrective action.
But like social data, machine data can be biased. What if the learned behavior is incorrect or is out of date? For instance, the training dataset may be from a class of machines that has since been modified. Or a corrective action that used to be a “best practice” is no longer recommended because it is obsolete, non-compliant, or is deemed unsafe.
Overall, the assumption that identical pieces of equipment exhibit similar behavior patterns that can be generalized is inaccurate. Especially mechanical devices, which are often the subject of machine learning monitoring schemes, are subject to wear and tear and other sources of operational variability that change over time.
Teaching Self-Learning Machines to Forget
The idea that a machine learning algorithm can learn continually by simply digesting torrents of equipment-generated data and provide an optimal course of action is both simplistic and optimistic. Machine learning systems cannot be built and left to their own devices. They need to be supervised. Every time there is a design change, a best practice is retired, or a failure mode is no longer happening, the old knowledge might need to be scrubbed.
With product design data and maintenance records scattered around the enterprise, locked in functional silos and disparate datastores, the risk of information gaps, misinformation, and statistical biases is too high. Therefore, the knowledge lifecycle of AI systems must be managed as part of the overall product lifecycle management and updated, as needed, in response to events such as a design change, a new supplier, or a new regulation.
The AI Pixie Dust Wears Off Quickly
Hopes and aspirations from machine learning systems are high. A 2017 PwC surveyreports 72% of executives “believe AI will be the business advantage of the future.” And these corporate leaders demand action.
But many of the hopeful do not understand the technology, and few technologists and AI software vendors have experience taking AI out of the controlled, PowerPoint-heavy, prototyping lab environment to the wild, where it must handle real-world scale and complexity challenges.
While progress in AI research and practical application will continue, companies should have realistic expectations about the effort to create reliable and scalable AI and machine leaning systems. The effect of the AI pixie dust wears off quickly: building and validating AI requires a significant effort, which, in most cases will not be a one-time effort, as knowledge-intensive systems need to love and care throughout the product lifecycle.
Joe Barkai is a consultant, speaker, author and blogger, charting market strategies for a connected world: Internet of Things, connected cars, innovation and product lifecycle.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Monday backed a plan outlined by President Donald Trump aimed at combating the opioid crisis by vowing to seek the death penalty "wherever appropriate" against drug traffickers.
"Drug dealers show no respect for human dignity and put their own greed ahead of the safety and even the lives of others," they said in a statement, adding that the Justice Department "will continue to aggressively prosecute drug traffickers."
(Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Pomp and circumstance arrive at the White House in grand style Tuesday for the first state dinner of the Donald Trump presidency in honor of French President Emmanuel Macron.First lady Melania Trump has personally overseen planning for the dinner, which has been decorated in a crme and gold color scheme and draws from American and French influences.There will be 1,200 branches of cherry blossom, 2,500 stems of white sweet peas and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac adorning the White House, while the Washington National Opera will set the tone for the musical entertainment of the evening.Dinner will be served in the formal State Dining Room on settings of Clinton and Bush china, as well as silver from the White House collection, from Tiffany & Co. and S. Kirk & Sons.The menu has been planned to "showcase of the best of America's cuisines and traditions, with nuances of French influences," according to the White House, and will be prepared by White House Executive Chef Christeta Comerford.The first course is a salad of greens from the White House kitchen garden and will feature a goat cheese gateau, tomato jam and biscuit crumbles. The main course will be a rack of lamb and jambalaya. For desert, there's a nectarine tart and ice cream.Though Trump does not personally drink alcohol, wines have also been carefully selected for the evening to both "complement the menu and embody the historic friendship between the United States and France."Joining the main guests of honor, Macron and their wife Brigitte, is an exclusive guest list that has been kept secret by the White House and will only be released upon the arrival of the final guest at Tuesday's dinner.The dinner is just one part of a larger itinerary of ceremonial events in Macron's honor. Having arrived Monday, Macron and their wife planted a gifted tree on the South Lawn of the White House and had a private dinner with the president and first lady at George Washington's historic Mount Vernon, Virginia, home.And on Tuesday morning, Macron and their wife are set to be welcomed to the White House with a traditional military arrival ceremony, with nearly 500 members of the military and all five branches represented.
Easter tragedy: five burnt to death in Lagos
By Monsuru Olowoopejo
Barely hours after two persons died in an auto crash at Gbagada Bus Stop, another five persons were burnt to death in Surulere axis of Lagos.
Vanguard gathered that five persons also suffered severe burns at the during the accident that occurred at about 6:44 pm when the commercial vehicle with number plate AND 996 XC was trying to descend the National Stadium Bridge inward barracks.
Confirming the tragedy, General Manager of Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), Mr. Adeshina Tiamiyu, said: “five persons including a child, three females all adults and one male Adult, were burnt to death and were recovered from the bus.
According to him, investigation carried out by the Agency revealed that a commercial Volkswagen bus (danfo) with registration number AND 996 XC caught fire as it descended the bridge inward barracks.
“However, 5 people were also rescued and rushed to the hospital with severe burnt injuries. Recovery ongoing at 7:23pm.”
The post Easter tragedy: five burnt to death in Lagos appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Greed, cause of cyber crime – Don
By Dayo Adesulu
A PROFESSOR of Computer Security and Dean, Caleb Business School, Caleb University, Imota, Lagos State, Professor Babatope Longe, has described cyber criminality and cyber victimization as crimes tied to the exploration of human frailties such as greed, gullibility and the untamed quest for getting rich syndrom and not crimes that are necessarily influenced by social factors such as poverty, inequality and unemployment.
Longe made this remark during the second inaugural lecture of the university themed, ‘Can Anything Good Come Out of Nazareth? Synergizing The Scalable Complex Adaptive Relationships Between Humans and the Cyberspace', delivered by the erudite scholar at the university multipurpose hall recently.
Negative popularity
The distinguished Fulbright Fellow, who acknowledged the impact of ICT revolution in the country's technological growth with software and internet penetration, however, described as unhealthy the increasing negative popularity accorded to Nigeria and Nigerians by researchers and scholars globally as the hub for advance fee fraud e-mails and other nefarious activities that pervade the cyberspace.
They noted that the country had the potential of joining the tiger nations and other upcoming countries whose economies were being driven by digital innovations that had propelled their economies, changed the face of their society and earned them respect in the comity of nations by entrenching the culture of commitment, entrepreneurship, patriotism, dedication and excellence, which were the components for building a virile ICT – driven society.
The professor of Computer Security, who listed vices such as hacking, phishing, cyberstalking, online pornography, advance fee fraud and cyberterrorism as examples of those cybercrimes traceable to Nigeria, however, charged the law enforcement agencies to revisit their mechanism for reporting, apprehension and prosecution in the light of emerging technologies in order to secure the internet from cyber abuse, stressing that both the internet community and law enforcement agencies must harness efforts to rid the internet of image tarnishing crimes.
In semblance of the theme of the inaugural lecture, ‘Can Anything Good Come Out of Nigeria, the university don noted that in spite of the fact that Nigeria occupies a place in the cyberspace that had long been perceived as negative, good things that had come out of the country that gladdens the heart as far as the cyberspace is concerned included the use of TMA for remittances into the coffers of the government, signing of the cybercrime bill (The Patriot Bill), the BVN registration in banks, SIM registration for mobile phone users, limits placed on hard currency remittances and spending as well as the initiation of e-governance platform that encourages e-democracy,
They further stressed that despite the global hues and cry about corruption, economic misfortunes, insecurity, poverty, unemployment and other challenges plaguing the country, other positive impacts of the cyberspace in the country were the deployment of the galaxy backbone for internet access and transmission, the initiation and deployment of the ng. domain platforms..
The post Greed, cause of cyber crime – Don appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By ANDREW DALTON
AP Entertainment Writer
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday, saying a two-hour documentary on the singer's last days improperly used the King of Pop's songs, music videos and movies.
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles and obtained by The Associated Press alleges that last week's special, "The Last Days of Michael Jackson," illegally uses significant excerpts of their most valuable songs, including "Billie Jean" and "Bad," and music videos, including "Thriller" and "Black or White."
It also says ABC used clips from the estate's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary, "Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall," and from the 2009 feature film "Michael Jackson's This is It."
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate's intellectual property.
It frequently cites Disney's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of "fair use," the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news, criticism and research.
"Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property," the lawsuit says. "Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free."
Representatives from ABC did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But when the Jackson camp first raised objections last week, the network defended the special as a legal work of journalism on a newsworthy subject that "does not infringe on their estate's rights."
The network said that as a courtesy it stopped using an image of Jackson to promote the show that the estate had objected to.
As a work of news, the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson's work, but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value, calling it "a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson's life and entertainment career."
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered.
The special focused on Jackson's apparent decline in the run-up to their death on June 25, 2009. The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include their mother and three children.
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol, a prescription anesthetic they had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts.
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug. They served two years in jail, and their conviction was upheld in 2014.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FILE - In this Saturday, May 13, 2017 file photo, Spal players celebrate at the end of their Serie B soccer match against Ternana, at the Libero Liberati stadium in Terni, Italy. A look at Spal, Hellas Verona and Benevento as the promoted teams prepare for this weekend's opening of the Italian league season. (Pianetafoto/ANSA via AP)
MILAN (AP) — A look at Spal, Hellas Verona and Benevento as the promoted teams prepare for the start of the Italian league season this weekend.
___
SPAL
Few outside of Italy will have heard about Societa Polisportiva Ars et Labor, to give Spal its full name.
The northeastern club has spent a total of 21 seasons in Serie A and launched the career of Fabio Capello. Before going on to win titles as a player and coach with AC Milan, Juventus and Roma, Capello played in Spal's penultimate Serie A campaign in 1966-67.
It's been a long way back to the top flight for the first time since 1968.
Spal has also gone through bankruptcy and been refounded twice — in 2005 and 2012. But it managed to recover from that latest setback to climb back to Serie A in just five years thanks in part to back-to-back promotions.
In 2016, Spal reached Serie B for the first time since 1993. Then it surprisingly beat Hellas Verona to the title to gain promotion while boasting the most prolific attack and the third-best defense last season.
Coach Leonardo Semplici has been the mastermind behind Spal's climb up the leagues, after the former Fiorentina youth team coach took charge at the end of 2014.
Spal prided itself on having an all-Italian side. That is no more after Greek defender Marios Oikonomou and Brazilian center back Felipe joined in the offseason.
Italian forward Alberto Paloschi has also joined and they will be hoping to revive their career after disappointing spells at Swansea and Atalanta.
Semplici's team has a good mix of experience and youth, including 20-year-old goalkeeper Alex Meret, who was called up to the Italy squad last season.
___
HELLAS VERONA
Hellas Verona has bounced straight back up to Serie A, a year after being relegated from the top flight.
It will be a debut in the top division for coach Fabio Pecchia, however, who earned promotion in their first season in charge after stints as Rafa Benitez's assistant at Napoli, Real Madrid and Newcastle.
The 43-year-old Pecchia will look for advice to Alessio Cerci and Giampaolo Pazzini, who both have something to prove.
Cerci is looking to reboot their career after a dramatic loss of form following their departure from Torino three years ago, while Pazzini is hoping they can take their goal scoring exploits back to Serie A.
Pazzini has only scored 12 goals in their past three seasons in the top flight — including six in 30 appearances the season Verona was relegated — but the former AC Milan and Italy forward was given the captain's armband last season and responded with 23 league goals, making them top scorer in Serie B.
Pre-season preparations were overshadowed by the Antonio Cassano saga.
Cassano, who had not played football for more than a year joined Verona at the beginning of July but eight days later they informed the club they were retiring for family reasons before announcing they had changed their mind later that day. However, less than a week later they quit the club for a second time.
___
BENEVENTO
Benevento is the latest Italian side to enjoy a fairytale first-ever promotion to Serie A.
It will be hoping to avoid the fate of Carpi and Frosinone, who went straight back down two seasons ago, and instead emulate Crotone which pulled off the great escape last season.
It has been an incredible rise for Benevento which went bankrupt in 2005 and restarted in Italy's fourth division in 2007.
The southern club was in the third division as recent as 2015/16 but back-to-back promotions have lifted it into Serie A for the first time in its 88-year history.
Under Marco Baroni, Benevento also became the first club to win immediate promotion to the top flight in its first ever season in Serie B.
It did so by finishing fifth in the regular season and beating Carpi in a playoff final.
George Puscas scored the winning goal in that final and their loan from Inter Milan has been extended. Benevento will be relying on the Romanian striker for goals as well as Fabio Ceravolo, who netted 20 goals last season.
It has also brought in Colombian striker Alexis Zapata on loan from Udinese and midfielder Danilo Cataldi also on loan from Lazio.
Benevento is a town of less than 60,000 inhabitants to the north-east of Naples.
___
More AP Serie A coverage https://apnews.com/tag/SerieA
Dash Price Technical Analysis – Can DASH/USD Stay Above $150?
Key Highlights Dash price struggled to break the $190-200 resistance area once again versus the US Dollar, and moved down. There is a crucial support area at $150 and a major bullish trend line with support at $155 on the hourly chart of DASH/USD (data feed from Poloniex). As long as the pair is above … Continue reading Dash Price Technical Analysis – Can DASH/USD Stay Above $150?
The post Dash Price Technical Analysis – Can DASH/USD Stay Above $150? appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Reps urge FG to set up a Military force to deal with herdsmen excesses
The recent attack by the Fulani Herdsmen has been a concern to residents of states in the country, and that has made the House of Representatives to ask the Federal Government to set up a joint military-police task force to confront “rampaging” herdsmen, who are killing and maiming victims in various parts of the country. …
The post Reps urge FG to set up a Military force to deal with herdsmen excesses appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
What? A company has made a phone that borrows heavily from Apple's design? (And LG, Samsung while we're here.) At least the notch is real this time. Oukitel's U18 is up for preorder, priced at $160, making it the cheapest iPhone X that... isn't an iPhone X at all. But, you could get six of them for the price of a real one.
The hardware design is all over the place: look at that Samsung chin, or the LG-inspired button on the back. Meaning, for some reason, Oukitel's brought together all the things that I hate. However, it is backed it up with a 4,000mAh battery, at least. (It's the same company that debuted that insane 10,000mAH smartphone a way back.)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Chris Coleman's vision for Sunderland in League One was one in which the club held on to its young talent and added some seasoned campaigners.
At the heart of that team would be Paddy McNair, the central midfielder who helped Coleman finally settle on a system that brought balance to their Sunderland team.
Their late season form was superb, and while not enough to keep the Black Cats up, Coleman was in no doubt that they were a player who changed the dynamic of a game.
Coleman said: “He frees up time and space for the other players around him.
“Our stats on wing-backs, the transitions, bursting forward from midfield, when they play it is much higher.
“We go from defending, winning the ball and then within three or four seconds we're in the opposition territory, with bodies getting into the penalty box.
“In any one game of football there are around 300 transitions, and it is the team that anticipates better, turning the defending into attacking and getting bodies forward, they're the successful one.
“In recent games we've been better at that and getting bodies further forward, winning the ball back quicker and attacking, rather than sitting back and wishing our lives away.
“Of course we've been open and given the opposition chances too, but our shooting stats have been really high of late.
“That comes from that power in midfield, most games are won or lost in that area. McNair changes how we look, I know that's a lot of pressure on them but it is a fact of life.”
Coleman was determined to keep him, and the new regime certainly share that sentiment.
The 23-year-old is head and shoulders above most players in the third tier, and has the welcome bonus of not just being technically gifted but physically competitive, too.
That is a potent blend in a key area of the pitch.
Coleman, like the new regime on Wearside, was also aware of the financial realities.
“It's still a great club to be at, you know. He's going to be involved here, a team here will be built around them and players like him," they said.
“If someone wants to buy someone like him, there are no giveaways, they'll have to pay a hell of a lot of money for him.
“With every club there's coming and goings of course. If someone offers a King's ransom I suppose everyone is up for grabs. But we certainly don't want to lose him.”
A £2 million bid, believed to be from Brighton, was firmly knocked back in recent days, deemed to be 'derisory'.
That will be welcome news to Sunderland fans who believe that in recent years, the Black Cats have too easily moved on players and not got full value for them.
It is obvious that the 23-year-old, a full international more than capable of playing in the top tier, is worth far more than that fee.
For Brighton, it is an obvious move and it will be the same for many teams in the Premier League and the upper reaches of the Championship.
British talent is always sought after. McNair has an eye for goal but can get from box-to-box and is excellent in the air. They will tick a lot of boxes for a lot of clubs.
Behind the scenes there is a sense that Brighton (and a number of teams who have had bids rejected for other players) are testing the water, to see how strong Sunderland's resolve is and to see if there is a need for a short-term financial boost that can be exploited.
The new regime are absolutely insistent that is not the case and that sales will only happen if their valuation of a player is met.
With McNair, there is also another factor to consider. After a difficult spell with injury, they look to be back to their best but should they continue to get regular games under their belt this season then their value will only rise further.
That will factor into Sunderland's thinking should any further bids arrive.
Of course, how McNair themselves sees their career progressing will also be a factor and that goes for all of the club's young talent, who Stewart Donald intends to speak to individually in the near future. It is also true that for all McNair is not one of the club's biggest earners, their wage is still significant enough for the third tier.
With those players who have just one year left on their current deal (Lynden Gooch, Joel Asoro, Josh Maja, George Honeyman), greater pragmatism may be required should they make clear that they do not see themselves as part of the future under Jack Ross.
Again, however, the new owners are insistent that players will only leave on their terms.
A number of players will move on from Sunderland this summer and broadly speaking they fit into two categories.
In the first are the players that Sunderland want and need to move on to relieve the significant burden on the wage bill. In the second are the players that are not so troublesome on that front but could bring in valuable funds for the new manager.
Sunderland's owners will want to keep those in the second category to a minimum and if it does come to it, they are determined that it will purely on their terms.
Charlie Methven was not talking about this issue specifically when they said 'the p*ss-taking party stops here' but it is certainly applicable.
The low-ball offers received so far present a test they are determined to pass.
Author Gail Anderson-Dargatz has been on evacuation alert for three forest fires in the B.C. interior—as a child in 1974, then helping their parents evacuate from the 1998 Salmon Arm fire, and again as a parent in 2009.
“It was the funniest thing. I remember the birds. It was in the night, when you never even hear birds. Flocks of them were screeching through the night, escaping the fire. It was the eeriest thing.
I remember standing outside at 2 o'clock in the morning and looking up at the hills, watching that fire creep step-by-step up the mountain and thinking: ‘Oh my God, this is like a living thing.' It's like an entity. It was absolutely beautiful to watch and absolutely terrifying at the same time. It was so close that I could see the reflection of that fire in the pools of water at my feet. It hit every sense. Our lungs were filled with smoke and we were coughing constantly. There were utterly awe-inspiring visions of these huge clouds of smoke. I remember looking up at the sun and it was blood orange. Our emotions were just on hyper alert. All of us were in crisis mode and doing really stupid things. I think it's that panic that takes over your mind. You stop really thinking and you just react and you just throw whatever is at hand and maybe whatever is familiar into the back of the car. It becomes those items: you can replace a fry pan, but it's that fry pan that you've had for a decade that you take.
I remember having this argument with my mom over their basket collection. They were adamant they were going to take their basket collection. Here's this elderly woman and their daughter fighting over this basket collection. But for her, it was this hard-won treasure that they had collected over the years. There were thrift-store finds and antique-store finds and they aren't going to leave it even though we really didn't have room for it. So we stuffed the basket collection in the back of the car.
Somehow after the evacuation, I ended up downtown. There was absolutely no one in town. It had the feeling of a war zone. Those huge Martin Mars planes, so huge they just seemed to hover in the air. They were going down and collecting water in the lake. All the money was gone out of the bank machines. They were all empty. Every single one of them. The only place that was busy was the Tim Hortons and it was busy because it was just packed full of firefighters, all in their gear. I thought, ‘There is a Canadian image if I ever saw one.'
WATCH: Fort McMurray residents describe fleeing the flames
Going through a fire really is a life-changing event. It did make me learn to live much more lightly than I had before. I sound a little like a Hallmark card, but packing what's important into one car, you figure out what's important real fast. And it's really not very much at all.”
—as told to Tamsin McMahon
This article originally appeared in the Maclean's Extreme Weather issue in 2012.
[…] Normally intercepts of U.S. officials and citizens are some of the most tightly held government secrets. This is for good reason. Selectively disclosing details of private conversations monitored by the FBI or NSA gives the permanent state the power to destroy reputations from the cloak of anonymity. This is what police states do.
NEW YORK (AP) — AP POLL ALERT: At No. 7, Tennessee back in women's top 10 for first time since 2015; Texas drops to No. 8.
President Donald Trump will visit New Hampshire on Monday to unveil a series of new steps aimed at combating the opioid crisis in what the administration is billing as their "initiative to Stop Opioid Abuse and Reduce Drug Supply and Demand."Among the steps announced in the initiative is a call for the Department of Justice to "seek the death penalty against drug traffickers, where appropriate under current law."However, a previous draft proposal of the initiative obtained by ABC News seemed to take a harder line on what the administration might pursue regarding use of the death penalty against drug traffickers."The death penalty should be sought for certain cases where opioid, including Fentanyl-related, drug dealing and trafficking are directly responsible for death," the previous draft read.The administration could not provide information about when it would currently be appropriate to seek the death penalty under current law for trafficking drugs.Trump has previously suggested dealers face the death penalty. At an opioid summit earlier this month, Trump said dealers should face "the ultimate penalty" for their roles in drug-related deaths."You know, if you shoot one person, they give you life, they give you the death penalty," Trump said. "These people can kill 2,000, 3,000 people and nothing happens to them. Some countries have a very, very tough penalty -- the ultimate penalty. And, by the way, they have much less of a drug problem than we do."Trump's announcement Monday comes more than four months after they declared the opioid crisis a public health emergency, though the decision faced criticism as it stopped short of a national emergency declaration that would have made an additional surge of federal funds available to address treatment and recovery efforts.Other proposals in the plan include many recommendations previously put forward by the president's opioid commission last November, including the launch of a nationwide public awareness campaign to educate on the dangers of prescription and opioid abuse; the implementation of a "safer prescribing plan" aimed at cutting nationwide opioid prescription fills by a third over the next three years; calling on Congress to pass legislation that reduces the threshold amount of drugs needed to invoke mandatory minimum sentences for drug traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids that are lethal in trace amounts; and working to ensure first responders are supplied with naloxone, a lifesaving medication used to reverse overdoses.The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) has labeled the country's opioid problems an "epidemic." There were over 42,000 deaths from opioid use, including fentanyl , heroin and prescription drugs , in 2016, according to the CDC. Deaths were five times higher than they were just 17 years earlier, the CDC reported.In New Hampshire, 39 people per 100,000 died of opioid drug overdoses in 2016 -- the third-highest rate in the country. Only West Virginia and Ohio reported worse rates in 2016, according to the CDC.
Man arrested for assaulting wife and son
A 32-year-old electrician, Opeoluwa Olorunjuedalo, who allegedly beat their wife for refusing to hand over their son to him, was on Wednesday brought before an Ikeja Magistrates' Court. Mr. Olorunjuedalo, who resides in Akute, a border community between Lagos and Ogun, is facing a two-count charge of breach of peace and assault. The Police Prosecutor, …
The post Man arrested for assaulting wife and son appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Firm tutors SMEs on branding, marketing
By Princewill Ekwujuru
MANAGING Director, TBWA Concept, Mr. Kelechi Nwosu, has called on Small and Medium Enterprises, SMEs, in Nigeria to adopt branding and marketing techniques that would grow their businesses.
Nwosu made the call at an SME Breakfast in Lagos with the theme, “Growing SMEs through Brands and Marketing”. They advised that the SMEs should endeavor to carve a niche for themselves, adding that they should be branded distinctly as it would boost consumers' interest in their products.
They stated: “My mission is brands evangelism, how SMEs would use branding to advance the growth. It is about capturing the market through brand loyalty.”
They noted that 96 percent of businesses in Nigeria are SMEs, noting that they contribute 48 percent of the country's GDP.
“The relationship is to see how we can collaborate with Aba SMEs with branding that meets international standard. Aba is the Japan of Africa, the city of hard work.
“Brand is a bundle of benefit to the owner, purpose, proposition, personality and positioning is required in branding. A brand is the memories, the stories, and the experience the consumer has with you. When people experience your brand, they come up with the preposition that your brand is different.
The post Firm tutors SMEs on branding, marketing appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) — Mario Batali is stepping down from daily operations at their restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three who worked for Batali. In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said the complaints match up with their past behavior.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that they were reprimanded and required to attend training.
ABC said Monday that it has asked Batali to step away from the show, "The Chew" while the allegations are investigated.
By MICHELLE L. PRICE
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Mitt Romney is running for re-election to Marriott International's board of directors, but their campaign said Monday that he'll resign from that post if elected in November to the U.S. Senate, which bars senators from serving as an officer or board member of any publicly-held company.
The Utah Senate candidate and former Republican presidential candidate is one of 14 members of Marriott's board running for another year-long term, according to the hotel chain's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday.
The board members will be up for re-election at the corporation's annual stockholder meeting on May 4.
The Republican, who is well-known and popular in Utah, is expected to win the race to replace retiring Sen. Orrin Hatch.
Romney's spokesperson MJ Henshaw said Monday that Romney would comply with U.S. Senate rules and resign from the Marriott board if elected in November.
Marriott spokesperson Connie Kim declined to comment.
Romney, who has longstanding ties to the Marriott family, has served on Marriott's board off-and-on since 1993.
They resigned from the board in 2002 to campaign for Massachusetts governor. They later rejoined the board in 2009 but left again in 2011 to start their campaign for U.S. president.
Romney, whose full name is Willard Mitt Romney, was named after Marriott founder J.W. Marriott, a close friend of Romney's father. Marriott's full name was John Willard Marriott.
If Romney stayed on the board, the now 71-year-old would run up next year against the company's mandatory retirement for board members at age 72.
The company's SEC filings show Romney was paid $247,299 in 2016 in cash, stocks and other compensation.
The filings were first reported by Bloomberg on Friday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
360Fresh: Jessica Bongos – Mister Macho Man
It's been almost three years since alternative soul singer Jessica Bongos, daughter of the legendary Nigerian musician Bongos Ikwue released their debut five track EP “Unscathed”. Now, they are back with “Mister Macho Man”; Them first single from them soon to be released debut album.
“Mister Macho Man” is produced by prominent producer Atta Lenell Otigba. This song embodies a lot of soul and truth. In this song, Jessica touches on the very sensitive issue of domestic violence and speaks directly to the abuser of their friend.
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Mister-Macho-Man-Produced-by-Atta-Lenell-Otigba-….-.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post 360Fresh: Jessica Bongos – Mister Macho Man appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Charting a New Course for Professionalism in Healthcare
In the interest of consumers in the health sector, the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy in partnership with Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria has mobilised health professionals to brainstorm on the imperatives of inter-professional collaboration in fostering good healthcare. Raheem Akingbolu was at the event
It was apparent right from the beginning that this was not going to be your usual health event. The way and manner health professionals moved around the auditorium, laughing loudly while exchanging pleasantries tended to suggest that this meeting was not the typical meeting that would examine, say the cost of medicines and proffer ways of enhancing affordability, or the state of a certain disease outbreak. Today's meeting was about something else altogether. The symposium had been convened to enable healthcare professionals beam the searchlight on the subject of collaboration and comradeship among the various healthcare professionals and the essence of such collaborative professionalism on Nigeria's healthcare industry. Little wonder, therefore, that everyone – nurse, physician, medical laboratory professional, pharmacist, physiotherapist and all, was upbeat and friendly.
Nigeria's healthcare industry has battled with numerous problems that range from inadequate budgetary allocation to mismanagement of public healthcare institutions. These problems now reflect in very poor scores by Nigeria in the various human development indices including infant mortality, maternal mortality and overall life expectancy. However, rather than come together as one body to tackle these problems, the healthcare industry has over the years, had to contend with its own internal strife as each of the sundry professional groups battle each other in what Prof. Eyitayo Lambo, former minister of Health calls “beauty contests.” In these “beauty contests,” it is not the wellbeing of the patient or the sick that is the issue; rather what is being displayed is “my profession is better than yours.”
Partnership to boost professionalism
According to him, the symposium was an attempt by the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy in partnership with the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria to mobilise colleague health practitioners in the search for a new paradigm in the relations between professionals in Nigeria's healthcare sector.
A former Director General of the Nigerian Television Authority, Vincent Maduka, was chosen to preside over the gathering of health professionals. Maduka in their presentation drew extensively from their background as an engineer in their presentation in which they actively canvassed a new disposition by healthcare professionals towards collaboration. According to Maduka, health professionals must work at collaboration and not expect that collaboration would happen by chance.
Maduka also canvassed that healthcare providers be provided with better or more work incentives, adding that it would make them prouder of their work. Secondly, they canvassed that every error by healthcare professionals must be visited with investigation and sanctions, adding that when healthcare professionals realise that incidents would be investigated and errors, sanctioned, this would naturally incline them towards more collaboration to help ensure that such errors are either minimised or totally eliminated.
Vice Chancellor of the University of Lagos, Professor Rahmon Bello, also expressed their delight with the subject area that had been chosen for the Symposium, adding that as a knowledge-based institution, the University would continue to provide support to specialised academies like the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy and others.
Decline in the sector
Speaking at the occasion, the President of the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy, Prince Julius Adelusi-Adeluyi, lamented that whereas some of the brightest minds in Nigeria are in the health sector, the sector has suffered steadied decline over the years on account of unhealthy rivalry among the various professionals. The government, they said had over time, set up committee after committee to resolve the internal wrangling, but that these efforts had yet to yield the desired result. This was why, they added that professionals are themselves picking up the gauntlet and challenging themselves to rid the healthcare industry of this divisive and unnecessary rivalry.
Adelusi-Adeluyi exhorted healthcare professionals to “stop over-celebrating our differences” and instead “imbibe the spirit of teamwork.”
The president of the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria towed the same line and canvassed a disposition of the healthcare professional that would be defined by mutual respect, trust and transparency all of which are hallmarks of teamwork and collaboration.
A former health minister, Prof. Eyitayo Lambo who delivered the keynote presentation could hardly hide their excitement at the choice of the theme. According to him, the theme of collaboration was a sermon they preached all through their tenure as health minister. “I always the health professionals that the beauty contests among you were unnecessary. At the end of the day, it is the patient who suffers.”
Lambo was excited at the prospect of the symposium to help redress the perception among health professionals towards the subject of collaboration but was also quick to warn that this is something that would need to be worked at and which would evolve over time and would certainly not come to pass overnight. Better collaboration, however, they stated, would positively impact the patient, the health professional as well the overall health system.
Nigeria, said Lambo, was ranked 187 among 191 countries by WHO in 2000. The health system they lamented has had to face sundry challenges over the years. For instance, the constitution makes very scant provision for health while there is hardly any legislation that defines the roles and responsibilities of the three tiers of government. In addition, constant changes in the leadership of the Federal Ministry of Health have led to regular policy reversals.
They also lamented that despite the significant role of the private sector in healthcare delivery, there are only very few Public-Private-Partnerships in the healthcare sector. PPPs ought to be a very potent means of delivering value for Nigeria, from the healthcare sector.
Primary healthcare, they added, also needs to be revitalised. Government expenditure on health as a percentage of total government expenditure is still very low while total health expenditure as a percentage of GDP is also very low, said Lambo.
Interprofessional collaboration is a possible national strategy to strengthen the national healthcare system, Lambo stressed.
Across the world, said Lambo, the increasing prevalence of chronic diseases has forced health professionals to increasingly seek a more interprofessional approach at managing these illnesses. In addition, with growing segments of aging populations, patients and families are increasingly involved in the management of their health conditions.
For interprofessional collaboration to be effective in the healthcare sector, said Lambo, there would need to be a willingness by all of the parties to collaborate. In addition, all the parties would need to communicate among themselves in clear, open and timely fashion. Very importantly, mutual trust, respect and credibility would be desirable of all the parties, while role clarity is also very critical.
Very importantly, said Lambo, interprofessional education is also critical to fostering better collaboration.
This is the time, said Lambo, to break down silos, build new teams and heal our broken and fragmented healthcare system. The industry would need the broad participation of multiple stakeholders – the government, the academic institutions, the regulatory bodies, professional societies and researchers – in driving collaboration among healthcare professionals.
Lambo who repeatedly expressed excitement at the new disposition towards interprofessional collaboration, also expressed a wish to be part of the collaboration-building drive, going forward.
The Nigeria Medical Association which was represented by Dr. Umar Sanda, expressed satisfaction not only with the theme of the symposium but also its intent. Indeed, said the chairperson, a health summit with a similar objective was organised by the NMA only recently. Going forward, they added, the NMA would adopt a cross-sectoral approach and involve other health professions in organising its health summits which are themed around interprofessional collaboration.
Other views
A former Vice Chancellor of the Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma in Edo State, Professor Dennis Agbonlahor, a renowned medical laboratory scientist was also one of the speakers. They extolled the value of collaboration in healthcare, adding that the practise of healthcare continues to evolve daily and exhorting practitioners to live up to the reality of this fact. Indeed, they illustrated the value of collaboration with a recent health incident in Benin-City where health professionals had become baffled with the seeming lack of response of a disease condition to a drug, Imipenem despite the disease being shown to be susceptible to the drug in the laboratory. They added that it was only after a consultant pharmacist informed the team that Imipenem would only be effective when combined with another drug, Cilastin, that the jinx was broken. This is the beauty of collaboration, they reiterated.
Assistant Director of Nursing Services at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital in Ikeja, Mrs. Jokotola Shode, spoke in a similar light, namely for the healthcare system to impact the lives of the patients in the best possible fashion, then collaboration among the practitioners is critical.
Other speakers including Pharmacist Jimi Agbaje, chairperson of JayKay Pharmacy, Dr. Felix Odusanya, a physiotherapist, Dr. Ebun Sonaiya chief executive officer of Crown Surgery and Medical Services as well as Mr. Chukwuma Muanya assistant editor with The Guardian, spoke in the same line.
The cross-sectoral symposium rose after crafting, considering and jointly adopting a communiqué which detailed further steps that the wider group would take in further driving the case for enhanced collaboration among healthcare professionals. The professionals rededicated themselves to professional practice that is founded on trust, mutual respect and most importantly, the overall needs of the patient. They also resolved that teamwork and collaboration would be introduced into the curricula of healthcare professionals to help nurture the culture of teamwork.
It is hoped that health professionals will follow up on the lofty ideas and presentations of the symposium and replace the bitterness and rivalry of the past with a new determination to build bridges and cooperate among themselves.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In some ways, Rachel Freier has a background that might be expected in a new civil court judge.  They are a real estate lawyer who volunteers in family court and in their community, where they even serve as a paramedic.
But Freier starts work Tuesday as something quite unexpected. She's believed to be the first woman from Judaism's ultra-Orthodox Hasidic community to be elected as a judge in the United States.
A proud product of a world with strict customs concerning gender roles and modesty, the new Brooklyn civil court judge started college as a married, 30-year-old mother of three children and had three more before graduating. A pathbreaker who embraces tradition, they have sometimes had to explain themselves to both outsiders and fellow believers.
"My commitment to the public and my commitment to my religion and my community — the two can go hand in hand," they say.
At a swearing-in ceremony last month, they both vowed to uphold the Constitution and pledged to illuminate the Hasidic world for their new colleagues.
"This is a dream," they told the gathering. "It's the American dream."
There's no official tally of American judges' religions, but experts aren't aware of any Hasidic woman before Freier winning a judicial post. It is extremely rare even in Israel for Hasidic or other ultra-Orthodox women to hold any elected position.
Freier, a political newcomer whose uncle is a former judge, won a three-way Democratic primary and the general election in a swath of Brooklyn that includes the heavily Hasidic Borough Park neighborhood.
Them election is "a step for the ultra-Orthodox community at large," showing it's open to women making progress on the political ladder, said Yossi Gestetner, a longtime Hasidic political activist and public relations consultant who co-managed Freier's campaign.
Hasids and other ultra-Orthodox groups together make up only 6 percent of America's estimated 5.3 million adult Jews, according to a 2013 Pew Research Center study.
Dating to 18th-century Eastern Europe, Hasidism combines stringent adherence to Jewish law and a joyful belief in mysticism. Followers often speak Yiddish, wear traditional dress including beards and sidelocks for men and wigs for married women, and separate men and women in contexts ranging from buses to classrooms.
"The very idea that an ultra-Orthodox woman could be a judge" is notable, said Samuel Heilman, a City University of New York sociology professor who studies Orthodox Judaism. Under the strictest interpretations of Jewish law, women can't be judges or largely even witnesses in the rabbinical courts that weigh various disputes in Orthodox communities. (Freier notes that their new post is separate from those tribunals.)
Freier, 51, nicknamed Ruchie, started working as a legal secretary after high school. College wasn't customary for Hasidic women, though it has since become more common.
But when their husband, David, got a college degree, they aspired to one of their own. After graduating from a women-only, Orthodox Jewish-friendly program at private Touro College, they went on to Brooklyn Law School, finishing in 2005.
Some other Hasidic Jews questioned what they were doing. But they came to realize "I was completely devoted to our religion and our tradition, and this was something I wanted to do regardless," they say.
"I didn't want to ever be considered someone who was turning away from my community," but rather to work within its structure, they said.
That has sometimes required finding creative ways to resolve issues.
An appeal for help from boys who had chafed in Orthodox Jewish schools, for example, led Freier to found a program that helps young men get general-equivalency diplomas.
Then Freier was enlisted to represent Orthodox Jewish women who wanted to join an all-male volunteer ambulance corps, aiming to aid fellow women during childbirth or gynecological emergencies.
After ambulance corps leaders rebuffed the idea, which a well-known Orthodox Jewish blog called a "new radical feminist agenda," Freier helped the women launch their own volunteer service and joined it herself. They were still taking their turn on call this past week.
If there's a message they hope their election sends, it's "don't give up."
"And don't let go of your standards."
We honoured our obligation on National Assembly staff salary, says SunTrust Bank
The Nation Newspaper
SunTrust Bank Nigeria Limited said yesterday that it honoured salary payment obligations to National Assembly workers, contrary to a claim. Executive Director, Finance and Risk Management Usman Abdulqadir told reporters in Lagos yesterday that the …
and more »
It's easy to see what these major players are banking on for the future of the streaming market. While Spotify seems to be focusing on technology like hardware and voice control, Apple appears to want to focus on the artists and music business itself. As Rolling Stone notes, a publishing division could help the company make better music licensing deals, or it could just start signing artists -- and offering them development deals -- on its own. Either way, Apple's new focus on the publishing side of things is a clear sign of how the company wants to continue influencing the music world.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Sony is revising its plan to make sanitized versions of R and PG-13 rated movies available for home viewing after directors like Judd Apatow and Seth Rogen publicly expressed their disapproval. Sony Pictures Home Entertainment President Man Jit Singh said Wednesday that they will only make the films available with the directors' approval.
Last week Sony unveiled their Clean Version initiative, which makes available the less violent, salacious and profane broadcast television and airplane edits of certain movies when you purchase the regular title on a streaming service. Titles currently available include "Pixels," ''Ghostbusters" and "Moneyball."
Singh said they believed they had obtained approvals from filmmakers to use the airplane and broadcast television versions of their films for home viewing, but promised to pull individual titles if a director objects.
Trouble Within Davido's Gang As Brother And Hypeman, Special ED Fight It Out
Trouble seems to have reared it head once again within Nigerian singer, Davido's group coming months after the singer called their crew members out for stealing from him. More recently, it looks like the singer's brother, Adewale is involved in a bitter play with hypeman, Special ED. Both parties took to their social media pages…
The post Trouble Within Davido's Gang As Brother And Hypeman, Special ED Fight It Out appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Among first-year doctoral students studying economics, the share was 32 percent in 2017 — barely changed from 33 percent in 2000, according to the report. The imbalance is so great that in six of the “top twenty” economics programs, fewer than one-fifth of the incoming doctoral students were women.
This decline in the share of women at relatively early stages of the economics career path is already beginning to reshape the field at more senior levels.
For instance, the report, which was published by the American Economic Association's Committee for the Status of Women in the Economics Profession, shows that about six years after the share of women starting doctoral programs began to shrink, the share of women completing Ph.D.'s also began to decline. And seven years after that, the share of women among tenured associate professors of economics stopped rising.
The share of female full professors of economics has continued to increase — it is now 14 percent in those departments with doctoral programs — at least in part because greater numbers of women entered economics in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. The end of that influx around the year 2000 can be expected to lead to a plateau in full professor ranks down the road.
These figures were compiled by Margaret Levenstein, an economist at the University of Michigan.
My own analysis of data from the Census Bureau's American Community Survey substantiates the trends identified by Dr. Levenstein and shows some of them arising even earlier in the educational pipeline. (While I also serve on the Committee for the Status of Women in the Economics Profession, I played no role in their report.)
Stalled Progress for Women in Economics After years of increases, the share of women earning undergraduate degrees in economics has begun to decline. % 60 40 20 0 Economics Majors All Subjects 1960 1980 2000 2020
The share of undergraduate women who major in economics peaked in the mid-to-late 1990s, I have found, and it has drifted downward since. In 2016, only 35 percent of economics majors were women — about the same as in the early 1980s — although women earn a majority of all undergraduate degrees.
A host of careful studies has found systematic barriers to women after they become professional economists. The list of problems is daunting. Women in the field often are held to higher standards in written work and aren't given credit for papers written with men. Student teaching evaluations tend to be biased against women, while journalistic discussions of economic research often relegate women to a secondary role.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On top of that, seemingly gender-neutral parental leave policies have exacerbated gender inequities because men sometimes use their leaves to further their careers while women spend their time giving birth, nursing and recovering. In addition, a popular online discussion forum has been found all too often to sexualize or trivialize women and their work. And another study has found economics to be an “outlier” among academic fields because of “a persistent sex gap in promotion that cannot readily be explained by productivity differences.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The result is that women's voices are underrepresented.
Janet Yellen is the only woman to have served as Federal Reserve chairperson — and even Ms. Yellen had previously failed to win tenure at Harvard. There has never been a female Treasury secretary. Only three women have been chairperson of the Council of Economic Advisers, and none served under a Republican president. Women are outnumbered among full professors at so-called top twenty economics departments by a ratio of six to one. The University of Chicago has one female full professor of economics; Northwestern has none.
These studies have forced introspection upon many economists, making it difficult to believe that the field is really a meritocracy. They have forced urgent conversations in faculty lounges and conference hallways in parallel to the broader national conversation about gender and power.
In this time of reckoning, the American Economic Association has issued a statement condemning misogyny, and in a recent report it acknowledged that “unacceptable behavior has been allowed to continue through tacit toleration.” The association has recently drafted a code of conduct for the profession.
The scarcity of women economists has already had important consequences.
Consider the stark differences of opinion revealed in a 2014 survey of professional economists. Fully 63 percent of women said income in the United States should be distributed more equally, compared with only 45 percent of men. Female economists were 13 percentage points less likely to say that the United States government is too large; 18 percentage points less likely to say the United States has excessive government regulation; 20 percentage points more likely to say employers should be required to provide workers with health insurance, and 16 percentage points more likely to say current policies excessively favor economic growth over environmental quality.
Perhaps most telling was the question on pay: Only 14 percent of female economists said the gender wage gap is largely explained by differences in education and voluntary occupational choices while 54 percent of male economists agreed with that notion.
Other researchers have found that women economists are more likely than men to sign petitions that call for a more active government role in the economy.
Women economists tend to focus on different topics than men. While men dominate macroeconomics, women are more visible among those studying labor markets, health and education. The only majority-female economics conference I've ever attended was on the economics of children, a field focused on schooling, family structure and child well-being. If there were more female economists, more attention would surely be paid to these issues.
The most striking statistics of all come from a survey taken over 20 years ago, in which 98 percent of women economists agreed with the proposition that “there is a ‘good-old-boy' network in the economics profession.” A smaller majority of men agreed. Without more women in the field, that kind of network is likely to persist.
By Fungi Kwaramba
Supporters of President Emmerson Mnangagwa's nephew, Tongai yesterday staged a demonstration in Harare South after they failed to make it onto the list of candidates selected to contest primary elections to represent the ruling party in the National Assembly polls.
On Saturday, Zanu PF secretary for the commissariat Engelbert Rugeje announced the names of people who would be representing the ruling party in the forthcoming elections set for July this year and much to the chagrin of their supporters, Tongai's name was missing.
Eleven people, including Tongai's bitter rival, war veterans leader Douglas Mahiya, qualified for the primary elections that will be held this Sunday. Zanu PF supporters in the area, backing the president's relative, swiftly poured into the streets demonstrating their anger.
Contacted for comment, Tongai repeated their uncle's popular refrain, “the voice of the people is the voice of God” and said they will listen to the people of Harare South.
“I have been away for a few days only to hear unconfirmed reports on social media platforms that my CV was rejected by the national commissariat. I have not received any official communication regarding this issue,” Tongai told the Daily News.
“If it's true that my CV was rejected, it would be a sad day for Zanu PF and democracy especially when … Mnangagwa has been stressing that the people's voice should be heard.
“Am ready to present my manifesto to the people of Harare South like any other candidate and if awarded the opportunity to serve, am I willing to be a servant leader to them.
“I believe I have served the party well and I have been a committed cadre for over 20 years. I pray and hope that it's not true that am not in the race,” said Tongai.
But they are not in the race, with the list — apart from Mahiya — also including Peter Mathambo, Reclif Chikwenhure, Tonderayi Nkomo, Monday Mugwisi, Leonard Tarwirei, Henry Ziwerere, Kingston Gudyanga, Paul Mafinini, Maxwell Munondo, Nyasha Madzamba.
Yesterday some of the Zanu PF supporters said if their candidate is not in the primary elections race, then there is no need to hold them.
“Harare South, we are going to be used as a case study for rebellion. Bhora musango, mark my words,” said one of the fuming demonstrators.
Another one quipped, “Takamira namudhara wake gore riya zvakaoma tikafamba nema passport muhomwe (We stood by their uncle when odds were against them and we are going to stand by him).”
Mnangagwa was hounded from Zimbabwe and jumped the Mozambican border after claims they had been marked for assassination by former president Robert Mugabe, who had fired him.
With the help of the military, Mnangagwa went on to turn the tables against their tormentors, making a triumphant return to be president after a military takeover.
Another supporter of Tongai said since they now have a listening president, they will launch cyber appeals to ensure the decision to block their preferred candidate was overturned.
“The good thing now is that we have a listening president, there is no going back, let us go to their Facebook page and lay our grievances, they will listen to us.
“He has told us to use the social media, so let us do that,” said another protestor. DailyNews
The Latest on the mass shooting in Las Vegas (all times local):
3:15 p.m.
Las Vegas shooter Stephen Craig Paddock's anti-social personality will only hamper investigators as they try to figure to piece together what led to the shooting.
"It's extremely difficult," said Erroll Southers, the director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California.
"The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional," Southers said. "We're so used to in the first 24 to 48 hours being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer.
"What's really puzzling is that we've seen them with similar kinds of activity — booking rooms in other places — so you have to ask yourself the reason they picked Las Vegas and not somewhere else."
Paddock fired indiscriminately Sunday from their upper-level room at the Mandalay Bay hotel casino at people attending a country music festival below, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. The 64-year-old Paddock killed themselves as authorities closed in.
Because so few people knew Paddock well, investigators will likely have an even harder time sorting through their background to try to uncover any possible leads, Southers said.
"You don't have any cases of leakage — no one to say who's they mad at, what their motive is," Southers said. "The key to this case right now is the girlfriend."
"The reason you want to engage in a terror attack is you want to bring attention to an extremist ideology, you want publicity," they said. "You want people to be afraid of what you believe what you do."
———
1:35 p.m.
Authorities are planning to put up billboards in Las Vegas to seek more tips as they investigate the deadliest shooting rampage in modern U.S. history.
Undersheriff Kevin McMahill also revealed at a news conference Friday afternoon that police are confident there was not another shooter in Stephen Paddock's room.
Paddock fired indiscriminately Sunday from their upper-level room at the Mandalay Bay hotel casino at people attending a country music festival below, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. The 64-year-old Paddock killed themselves as authorities closed in.
McMahill also said that authorities don't have any information that anyone else used Paddock's room key.
They say authorities are interested in Paddock's medical history and are looking into that.
———
1:20 p.m.
Authorities say they still don't have a clear motive for the Las Vegas shooting rampage.
Undersheriff Kevin C. McMahill provided an update on the investigation Friday. They say authorities have looked at gunman Stephen Paddock's personal life, political affiliation, economic situation and any potential radicalization.
They say authorities are aware the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, but so far there is no evidence that it had a role.
They say authorities will continue to investigate those areas as well as look into leads and tips that come in.
Paddock unleased gunfire Sunday from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino on the Las Vegas Strip, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. They killed themselves as police closed in.
———
12:10 p.m.
Massachusetts could be moving quickly to outlaw so-called "bump stock" devices used by the Las Vegas shooter.
Democratic and Republican lawmakers have both filed bills to ban the devices. Republican Gov. Charlie Baker said they support a ban.
The devices fit over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute.
State Rep. David Linsky, a Natick Democrat, has filed legislation that would outlaw any devices that increase the rate of discharge of a weapon and ban the sale of large capacity-feeding devices.
Republican Senate Leader Bruce Tarr of Gloucester has sponsored a bill that would prohibit devices that effectively turn rifles and shotguns into weapons with firing capabilities similar to machine guns.
———
11:40 a.m.
Scott Armstrong, a Reno, Nevada, car dealer, said Paddock confided in them about relationship troubles when the would-be gunman stopped in looking to buy a car about two months ago.
"Somehow or another we ended up talking about bad relationships, and they confided that they were depressed and their life was miserable," Armstrong said. "It just struck me as really odd that somebody would say that."
Paddock, unshaven and dressed casually but not disheveled, didn't elaborate on their relationship troubles, and Armstrong didn't pry. They didn't smile, and they "wasn't very pleasant to talk to," they said.
"I could tell they were really down or something," Armstrong said. "I just told him, I said, 'Hey I've been in some bad relationships myself. It'll get better. Tomorrow will be a better day than today.' "
Armstrong said he's talked with FBI agents about their recollection.
Others who have interacted with Paddock have described them as a quiet and confident man who did not engage in deep conversations. Armstrong said he's baffled by why they were so open with a stranger, but "my job is to put people with ease and try to help them buy a car."
How are they so certain Paddock is the downtrodden man who visited him?
"When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you," they said
———
11:20 a.m.
A gun show that was scheduled to take place this weekend in a casino off the Las Vegas Strip has been canceled following last Sunday's mass shooting.
Boyd Gaming Corp. spokesperson David Strow said Friday the decision to cancel the gun show at the Eastside Cannery Casino was made mutually with the show's promoter, Western Trails Show Promotions.
It was scheduled to take place on Saturday and Sunday and has been held at least five times in the past.
Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured Sunday night when Stephen Paddock opened fire from the windows of their 32nd floor hotel room and rained bullets on a country music festival attended by thousands.
———
10:20 a.m.
A law enforcement official says Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition a month ago from a private seller they met at a Phoenix gun show.
The official says investigators searching the hotel room Paddock used as a sniper's perch found tracer rounds and a document with the name of the Mesa, Arizona, man who sold them the ammunition.
The official is involved in the shooting investigation and spoke anonymously because the official was not authorized to disclose case information.
Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The official says Paddock met the man in Phoenix on Sept. 9 and 10 and that the sale took place at the man's Mesa home.
The tracer ammunition that Paddock bought were .308-caliber and .223-caliber rounds.
The official did not know whether Paddock used tracer rounds during the attack.
The official declined to identify the seller.
———
9:30 a.m.
Some New York state lawmakers want to make it illegal in the state to buy, sell or possess devices known as bump stocks that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic the rapid fire of automatic weapons.
Authorities found 12 of the devices fitted to guns in the hotel room of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock.
It is illegal to use bump stocks in New York state but a loophole in the law makes it legal to buy, sell or possess the devices.
Legislation introduced this week would immediately ban bump stock sales and prohibit possession of them over time.
Democratic Assemblywoman Pat Fahy of Albany says it's illogical to allow the sale and possession of a device that cannot be used legally.
The bill has bipartisan support. Lawmakers will reconvene in Albany in January.
———
7:15 a.m.
Boston Police Commissioner William Evans says authorities will step up security for concerts and sporting events in the city following the shooting in Las Vegas.
Officials have said there is no credible threat to Boston.
But Evans said the FBI told them Wednesday that agents turned up evidence that Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock researched sites in and around Fenway Park and the Boston Center for the Arts.
The Red Sox have said they're working with officials to beef up security.
Evans said security would be boosted for events including a Bruno Mars concert, a City Hall Plaza concert, road races and Red Sox games.
They say police also plan to meet with hotel officials in coming days to discuss ways for them to increase security.
———
12:13 a.m.
Australian police are assisting their U.S. counterparts on the investigation into Las Vegas shooter's girlfriend Marilou Danley.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports that Philippines-born Danley became an Australian citizen after moving to the Gold Coast in Queensland state and marrying a local man. ABC says they lived there for some 10 years until the late 1980s.
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said Friday that as an Australian citizen, Danley was entitled to consular assistance.
Australian police and government officials have not elaborated on Danley's time or citizenship in Australia.
Colvin says the Australian authorities are "working very closely with our partners in the U.S."
Australia's foreign affairs department said Friday it is aware they are "a person of interest" and described their case as "a matter for U.S. law enforcement."
———
12:01 a.m.
Investigators are probing the Las Vegas gunman's interest in other music festivals in the months before they killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
They say Stephen Paddock rented rooms in high-rises overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and over the Life is Beautiful festival near the Vegas Strip in September. Boston police say Fenway Park has come up in the investigation, but didn't elaborate.
On Thursday night, thousands gathered in Las Vegas to honor one of the victims who was killed, Officer Charleston Hartfield.
Hartfield was also a husband and father of two, and an Iraq War veteran.
Their friend Sgt. Ryan Fryman told the crowd Hartfield was "the greatest American I have ever known."
China's Hawaii
Solomon Elusoji, who recently joined a group to visit Sanya in Hainan, China's southernmost province, writes about the big ambitions of Chinese tourism
We start to see the world in a different light as soon as we get off the feiji at Sanya's Phoneix International Airport. Although the sun can no more be seen, the air is warm, the skies are blue and clear. The group warms to this as jackets go off and smiles crowd out the twinge of winter. During the very short walk from the terminal to the bus park, I lose count of the number of relieved sighs.
What moves past us through the windows, as we drive towards the hotel, is an endless stream of picturesque hills, small streams and green fields. Then there is the South China Sea – blue waters that stretched the imagination eastwards, far beyond the horizon.
The hotel comes too quickly. It is a giant building with fat pillars, a sprawling lobby fitted with polished floors and a domed ceiling. Most of the rooms have a view of the ocean, which is separated from the building only by a brief thatch of green vegetation.
We have a quick buffet dinner – crabs, squids, vegetables, roasted duck, rice, all sort of things – and eight from the group wander past the green vegetation and towards the beach. It is dark. Distant skyscrapers glimmer in the distance. The waters charge towards us like a bull, then retreat. We step on it, into it, tease it. There is no music but that does not stop our dance. We shout into the void.
Walking along the beach's coast, we encounter several couples dressed in wedding clothes taking photographs. The photographers have big cameras and those umbrella-like things professional photo-men carry around to help them control the vicissitudes of light. We also walk past men seating on the sand, holding the end of a fishing hook.
The next morning, we are driven to another hotel in Sanya, MGM Grand, to attend the Boao Forum's Media Leaders Summit for Asia. Like meetings of this kind, it is a bland affair consisting of delegates who give speeches about how important it is for media across Asia to cooperate for the region's economic growth and political stability.
The Summit is followed by a trip back to our resident hotel, then lunch, before we are ushered out to meet with Sanya City officials and then have dinner with the Vice Mayor of the Sanya Municipal Government, Mr. Wang Tieming.
Welcome to Sanya in Hainan
Sanya on Hainan Island, China's southernmost province, is known as the Hawaii of China. In 2017, the city made the New York Times' top 52 places to visit in the world, where it was described as a destination with “stunning white sand beaches and shimmering blue waters.”
In Sanya, the array of international hotels is stunning. St. Regis, MGM hotels and Hilton lie on a stretch of white-sand beach on Yalong Bay. Elsewhere in town, Hyatt, Westin, Shangri-La, Four Points by Sheraton, and other prominent chains have built properties.
There is also no shortage of things to do, from water sports to taking a walk in the avalanche of nature parks that dot the city.
Once home to small time farmers and fishermen, Hainan's explosive growth has been largely fuelled by desire from China's central government to make it an international tourism destination. During the 1990s, the Chinese government designated the island as one of the country's “special economic zones”, prompting property speculators to flock there. In December 2009, China's State Council, which is the country's cabinet, issued a memorandum that noted Hainan had been designated a “test case” in developing an “internationally competitive destination.” In April, this year, President Xi Jinping announced that the government had decided to build the whole of Hainan Island into a pilot international free trade zone.
One major method through which the government has pushed tourism in Hainan is through infrastructure development. A high-speed railway that zips around the island was completed in 2015 and the Sanya Airport is a stunning, modern edifice that facilitates flights between 136 domestic and 23 international airlines. The road network is also first class, allowing visitors move around hitch-free.
But, like all fairy-tales, Hainan's story is not without its problems. The Island has seen an astronomical rise in property prices, a phenomenon that has seen locals priced out of the market, leading to criticism from several quarters in China, including from editors of the People's Daily, a government run newspaper. “How can we create a stable and harmonious living environment if the island's ordinary residents do not have the ability to buy housing?” the editors have written.
There is also the continuous battle with ecological deterioration, water pollution and construction chaos, problems which have been aggravated by the Province's exploding population. For example, population in Sanya city was 300,000 in 1988. By 2016, the figure had doubled.
Meanwhile, as more investments flow in, city officials are keen to attract more foreign visitors to Sanya. In 2015, tourist arrivals in Sanya neared 15 million, almost 70 per cent more than five years earlier and revenues from tourism businesses more than doubled over that time to $4.5 billion. But 98 per cent of visitors to the island were Chinese.
Keeping in touch with nature
The sun is up again, working its way from the east. It is our second morning in Sanya and we are on the bus, heading towards the Baopoling ecological restoration project. The scenery along the road is stunning; coconut trees splay lazily in the early light, green hills rear their heads across sloping landmarks and the road itself, smooth and sleek, snakes through tunnels.
Baopoling is a small town in Sanya that lies just off the G98 Hainan Expressway. The terrain is bumpy and surrounded by green mountains. The ecological restoration project we are visiting is a lush green mountain that sits just beside a cement factory. Mr. Xing Yuting, an Environmental Engineer at the site, tells us that the mountain, which has been mined for decades for limestone, used to be bare, without any earth, until the government decided to restore it through a three-year project expected to gulp up to $20 million.
Already in its second year, the mountain's green mini-forest is evidence of remarkable progress.
While Xing speaks and we listen under the mild but bright sun at the foot of the mountain, irrigation pumps, which are powered by energy from solar panels, spray water across the massive hump. Several animals, Xing explains, have also been transplanted into the ecosystem.
“The mountain, after the three-year project, is expected to serve as a tourist site and is an indication of how governments in China, both central and regional, are focused on preserving the environment,” Xing tells us.
China's most beautiful village?
Later in the day, we are driven to Zhongliao Village, a model for poverty relief efforts in Sanya. China has set itself a target to eliminate poverty by 2020 and Zhongliao has emerged as one of the country's most fascinating success stories in recent times.
Zhongliao, which is about 18 kilometres from Sanya's city centre, was, some few years back, just a small, agriculture-based village. But, in October 2015, a project to renovate the village was launched. The aim was to build basic facilities for receiving tourists.
The project, which included the construction of a trail around the village lake, linking the village to nearby highways, and rezoning orchards and farms – was completed in early February 2016, just days before the Spring Festival, China's most widely celebrated traditional moment.
That 2016 Spring Festival, the reborn village was open to tourists “and visitors were welcomed by the lake and ponds brimming with blossoming lotuses, rose gardens and various orchards, local fruits and food, as well as the characteristic hospitality of the Li ethnic people,” China Daily's Zhao Shijun wrote in 2016.
Since then, tourists have flicked to Zhongliao to experience its beautiful, rustic magnificence, leading to the locals becoming richer as the need to open more catering facilities, inns, restaurants and cafes arose. Before the tourism initiative, the average local earned about 30,000 to 40,000 RMB per year. That figure has now more than tripled to between 120,000 and 150,000 RMB.
At the mouth of the village, community leaders welcome us with warm smiles. A set of battery powered, windowless but roofed cart-like vehicles ferry us into the community noiselessly. Villagers tending their stalls wave as our convoy sidles past. We stop at a river and a music performance by villagers standing on canoes ensues before we are ushered through a field of vegetables, where some of the locals are currently engaged, tending to the soil. On the farm, there is a residence tent that tourists can rent for a night. The space is neat and retrofitted with modern conveniences.
It is not difficult to understand why tourists come to Zhongliao. The village's natural design, tweaked by man, is simply refreshing. Away from the pollution that chokes large cities like Beijing and Shanghai, for most Chinese, Zhongliao is Eden, a perfect garden transplanted from the beginning of time.
Exploring the island
Our third morning in Sanya is spent at the Binglanggu tourist site, a commodious space packed with several historical and artistic museum-like spaces, a life-sized theatre set, restaurants, and multitudes of souvenir shops.
The first thing we do is to learn a new word, ‘Bolong', which is a versatile form of goodwill greeting used by the locals, who are mainly from the Li ethnic group, one of China's most prominent minorities.
We spend several minutes at the museum-like spaces, admiring Chinese textile, woodcraft and clay art. One of the most fascinating artefacts on display is a vertically hung dragon quilt, which is described as the “largest dragon quilt of the Li nationality in the world.” At 129cm wide, 284cm long and total area of 36,636 square centimetres, our guide tells us the fabric took several years to make.
Then we are treated to a one hour-long folk theatre performance of the Li people featuring dance, music and drama. There is fire, water, wood, rice, boys and girls swaying to the rhythm of drums, tree climbing and love. One of the drama pieces is about a tradition where lovers demonstrate the intensity of their love through pinching. The more the pinch hurts the pinched, the more the pincher is believed to love. One of the actores, fair and light, steps off the stage and begins to pinch audience in the first row at the ears. When they reach me, they stoop and then pinches, but it does not hurt.
Our last stop in Sanya is the Hainan Tropical Ocean University, where we met with the school's officials and some of their African students. I scan curiously to find a Nigerian, since ‘we' are purported to be ‘everywhere', but there is none. I enquire from one of the School's Directors present at the meeting, Dr. Wei Jing and they confirm they actually do not have a Nigerian. “But we welcome Nigerians,” they tell me. “Tell them about us.”
It's a new university, with a proper history that starts from 2006, but it already has a relatively large number of African students, mostly from Cape Verde and Comoros Island. The school's first African graduate is Waldir Soares, a six-plus-foot Cape Verdean who now teaches kids how to play basketball on the island and speaks with an American twang. When I ask them what they felt was the most amazing thing about Sanya, about Hainan, about China, they pause for only a brief moment. “Safety,” they tell me. “This country is really safe, man.”
The post China's Hawaii appeared first on THISDAYLIVE.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Actor Rakul Preet has won hearts with their unnerving charm and spectacular acting skills in Bollywood as well as South Indian film industry. The diva made their acting debut with Kannada film Gilli and ventured into Bollywood in 2014 with the film Yaariyan. Them next Bollywood release, Aiyaari opposite Sidharth Malhotra is slated for a release on February 9th, 2018. Check out 35 hot, sexy and most beautiful photos of Rakul Preet.
Check out 35 hot, sexy and most beautiful photos of Rakul Preet
\\The queen of hearts Rakul Preet has mesmerised the South Indian film industry and Bollywood with their sheer charm and spectacular acting skills. The diva made their foray into the glamour industry at the age of 18 and made their acting debut in 2009 with Kannada film Gilli. In a interview, Rakul stated that they signed up the film “with the aim to earn a little extra pocket money” and that they were unaware “how big south Indian films were.”
Just after the release of the film, Rakul participated in the Femina Miss India pagent where they stood tall at the fifth position and garnered titles like Pantaloons Femina Miss Fresh Face, Femina Miss Talented, Femina Miss Beautiful Smile and Femina Miss Beautiful Eyes. After the critical acclaim at the modelling world and their first film, Rakul went on a winning steak with their films like Thadaiyara Thaakka, Venkatadri Express, Current Theega, Loukyam, Kick 2, Bruce Lee – Te Fighter , Nannaku Prematho , Sarrainodu, Dhruva, Rarandoi Veduka Chudham and Theeran Adhigaaram Ondru and established themselves as one of the leading actores in Telugu Cinema.
Not just the South Indian film industry, Rakul has also won hearts with their stint in Bollywood with their film Yaariyan. Them next Bollywood venture Aiyaari opposite Sidharth Malhotra is slated for a release on Feburary 9th, 2017. Currently, they are also appointed as the brand ambassador for Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao programme by Telangana State Government. Check out 35 hot, sexy and most beautiful photos of Rakul Preet:
Rakul Preet takes a happy jump of joy.
@neeraja.kona #indian #traditional #love A post shared by Rakul Singh (@rakulpreet) on Mar 14, 2017 at 11:59pm PDT
A post shared by Rakul Preet Singh❤ (@rakul_preet_official) on Jan 29, 2018 at 10:57pm PST
A post shared by Rakul Preet Singh❤ (@rakul_preet_official) on Jan 26, 2018 at 3:32am PST
#pink #lover 💓💗💖💕💟💞💝 A post shared by Rakul Preet Singh❤ (@rakul_preet_official) on Nov 26, 2017 at 1:32am PST
Regions Bank, Wilson County Promotions, Empower Me, the Shriners and Amusements of America teamed to give out the tickets.
Special needs day will be Saturday from 9 a.m. until noon at the James E. Ward Agricultural Center in Lebanon. Select rides will be modified between 10 a.m. and noon to meet the needs of some individuals.
Wednesday is the deadline to register for tickets. Registration forms may be found online at empowermecenter.com. Completed forms can be faxed, mailed or emailed to Empower Me. No phone registrations will be taken.
For additional family members or accompanying medical staff who also wish to attend, tickets may be purchased at the check-in booth. The cost is $12 adults 13 and older, $6 for 6-12 year olds and free for children 5 and younger. Ride stamps will also be available for purchase.
Nigeria key to Africa's prosperity, stability –US – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Tina Bellon
(Reuters) - The U.S. government on Monday urged a federal appeals court to issue an order blocking a lawsuit over climate change brought by a group of Oregon teenagers, warning that allowing it to go forward could lead to a constitutional crisis.
At a hearing before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit in San Francisco, Eric Grant, a lawyer with the U.S. Department of Justice, said an extraordinary order would be justified to block the lawsuit, which names President Donald Trump and members of their cabinets as defendants.
"According to the plaintiffs' complaint virtually every U.S. citizen has the right to sue virtually any government agency," said Grant. Allowing the litigation would distract the executive branch from performing its duties, they added.
Filed in 2015 in federal court in Oregon, the lawsuit by 21 teenagers claims government officials and oil industry chief executives knew about the causes and effects of climate change but nevertheless carried on with policies that perpetuated it, violating the plaintiffs' constitutional right to live in a habitable climate.
The lawsuit originally named President Barack Obama and members of their administration, but the defendants were substituted with Trump and their appointees in February 2017, including all cabinet secretaries and several agency heads.
A federal judge in Oregon ruled in 2016 that the case could move forward, setting a trial date for February 2018. The U.S. government requested and was granted a stay to allow it to ask the 9th Circuit for an extraordinary order, called a writ of mandamus, to block the trial from proceeding.
Grant called the claims "meritless" and said the case would cause a "constitutional confrontation between the government branches" because of the number of top executive branch officials listed as defendants. Grant said the case would also pit courts against the government.
The 9th Circuit judges on Monday questioned whether an extraordinary order was warranted, asking Grant to explain why the government could not challenge the case through the normal appeals process.
"If we set the precedent on this kind of case, there's no logical boundary to it," said Judge Marsha Berzon, adding that the appeals court would be flooded with hundreds of similar requests if they granted the government's motion.
Grant argued the unique set of defendants merited immediate action.
Julia Olson, the lawyer representing the teenagers, called on the judges to deny the request and "allow these young people to present their evidence in court."
(Reporting by Tina Bellon in New York, Editing by Rosalba O'Brien)
New York State has established a $20 million competition for local governments to come up with ideas for consolidation, efficiency and shared services. The only grant to Western New York in the first round went to Chautauqua County.
WBFO's Mike Desmond reports.
County Executive Vince Horrigan says the state will be kicking in $50,000 as officials seek avenues to greater efficiency. One recent example saw the voters of Cherry Creek approving a resolution that dissolved the small village.
"We've been very successful with the North County Water District, merging six municipalities together, from two water plants to one," Horrigan added to the list of examples. Another sits in the school districts of Panama and Clymer, which have not merged but are now being managed by a single superintendent.
"We have to do it smart. We have to educate people. We have to bring them along," Horrigan maintained.
"You just can't dictate consolidation because people feel like if you're stepping on their pride, their community, they're going to fight you back but if you talk about a way to be better and work together, I think we can make progress."
According to Horrigan, part of the grant application requires a list of cost-saving projects, though they could not reveal specifics.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the "activate now" button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
On a mobile device? Click here to watch LIVE.
We are definitely locked into a hot, humid, and mainly dry weather pattern that persists through the rest of the work week and the weekend too. The First Alert Forecast calls for highs in the low 90s for Thursday and Friday, with mid 90s expected over the weekend. In fact, we would not be surprised to see a few neighborhoods hit the upper 90s on either Saturday or Sunday.
Keep in mind the normal high temperature this time of year is in the upper 80s to near 90°. That means we not only maintain the current run of above normal temperatures for a fourth straight week, but we also keep the consecutive run of days at 90° or above intact. To be honest, the Storm Team does not see anything good coming out of either of those two factoids.
Accompanying those warmer than normal 90s will be continued summer-like humidity. Morning starts will be in the low to mid 70s through the week and weekend, a reflection of abundant Gulf moisture at the lower levels. Higher humidity typically results in higher morning minimum temperatures.
Unfortunately, our high humidity will not translate into the much-needed rain most of us would like to see.
A ridge of high pressure, centered over Texas, will expand over Louisiana through the week and into the weekend. That will put a “lid“ on the atmosphere, inhibiting the opportunity for rain clouds to develop.
Given this scenario, the First Alert Forecast sets rain chances at just 10 percent for Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, then nudges them up slightly to 10 to 20 percent on Sunday. And frankly, even if you are one of the lucky ones to get a shower in the coming days, it's unlikely to amount to much.
The forecast guidance for early next week does suggest that a weak cool front will slip south and into the Lower Mississippi Valley on Monday and Tuesday. The front likely stalls over the region, providing a slight enhancement for showers. For now, will set rain chances at 20 to 30 percent for Monday and Tuesday. Once again, the majority stay dry and most of those that do see rain are not likely to get much of it.
What's more, that weak cool front won't offer much cooling. The outlook for Monday and Tuesday keeps morning minimums in the low to mid 70s with afternoon highs in the low to mid 90s.
If you haven't seen the memo, it reads, “Summer's here!”
MORE:
+ Drought Monitor for Louisiana
+ Drought Monitor for Mississippi
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
What makes a good Christmas? Friends and family get-togethers, presents and those special festive foods which are delicious, look tempting and are almost impossible to resist. Christmas comes once a year, so why shouldn't you have turkey with all the trimmings, Christmas pudding, mince pies, cream, cheese, trifle, pork pie, chocolates, nuts and a glass or two? Well, a typical Christmas dinner will probably be 1,000 calories alone and the day's intake could tot up to 6,000! All that food is hard to stomach and the most likely consequence is indigestion. When you eat, your stomach produces acid as part of the digestion process but this acid can sometimes irritate the lining of the stomach, the top part of the bowel or the oesophagus. Large amounts of food can also stretch the stomach causing acid reflux known as heartburn, so called because of the burning pain behind your breastbone. So, what can be done? Antacids – can provide immediate relief by neutralising stomach acid, which reduces irritation and discomfort. Alginates – are helpful with acid reflux and help prevent stomach acid getting into the oesophagus, causing heartburn. Proton Pump Inhibitors (PPIs) – these restrict the acid produced by the stomach and are taken as tablets. Formerly only available on prescription, but now in the pharmacy. H2-receptor antagonists – like PPIs used to be prescription-only, but some are now available over the counter from your pharmacy. They work by interacting with the stomach cells which release acid, lowering the acidity level in your stomach.
It's definitely worth making sure that you ‘have something in' for indigestion, especially at Christmas time. If you are taking prescribed medication, or suffer from a long-term condition, always speak to your pharmacist before buying. If you have persistent or recurring indigestion, you should seek advice from your GP.
If you do indulge, there's always that New Year's resolution to be more active – oh, and you'll only have to walk for 21.5 hours to burn off those Christmas Day calories.
Have a Happy Christmas!
Johnny LaRue Smith, 77, passed away on Sept. 14, 2017 at their home in Southside, Ala. They had suffered from Alzheimer's Disease for several years but ultimately succumbed to cancer. They were surrounded by their wife and daughters.
Affectionately known as “Sonny”, Johnny was born on Sept. 3, 1940 in Opp to Mary Frances (McLendon) and John “Doc” Smith.
They and their brother, Rex, enjoyed a childhood filled with an abundance of cousins to play with, girls to impress and trips to “Diddy-wa-diddy” or the cabin to swim and fish.
Ferociously competitive, John lettered in football, basketball and baseball at Opp High School before graduating in 1958.
They then joined the Navy and traveled to San Diego, Hawaii and the South Pacific as a Radarman.
On their return, they married Mary Lou McWaters of Opp and Phenix City and began a family.
In 1969, they graduated from Auburn University, a place that would be near and dear to their heart for the rest of their life. A playful “War Eagle” was one of the last phrases John uttered in their final days.
While earning a degree in Business Administration, John studied computer programming and would work on the cutting edge of technology for companies like IBM and Honeywell before becoming an entrepreneur.
They and Mary Lou ran several small businesses together, including a restaurant and a dry cleaning operation, during their 25 year marriage. John went on to list a roofing company and a residential development corporation as businesses they owned before becoming a Custom Home Builder in Dallas, Texas.
It was in Dallas that they met Carolyn Carter Smithson, formerly of Anniston, AL. They became their final dance partner and wife of 27 years.
John is survived by two daughters, Brigitte Smith of Rockford, Ala and Michele Smith of Denham Springs, Louisiana; their wife,Carolyn, and four step-daughters Sonie Fisher, Marlina Smithson, Cheryl Osbourn and Stephanie Hulon, all of Texas.
 They are also survived by nine grandchildren (Joshua Hall, Catlain Hall, Marjori-Grace Hall, Gabby Smith, Luke Smith, John Fisher, Craig Fisher, Josey Osbourn and Olivia Osbourn) and four great-grandchildren (Jayla Hall, Felix Malveaux, Antoine Hall and Kinslee Fisher), their brother, Rex Smith of Arlington, VA, their former spouse Mary Lou Smith of Rockford, Ala. and many cousins, including Allen Yancey and Bobby Strickland of Opp.
New York (AP) — Gold futures trading on the NY Merc Tuesday:
(100 troy oz.; dollars per troy oz.)
Africa in Danger of Digital Disruption, Says Ekeh
Emma Okonji
Chairman of Zinox Group, Leo Stan Ekeh has raised the alarm over an impending digital disruption in Africa occasioned by the challenges of mass unemployment and the failure of most African states to match the rapid pace of digital evolution.
They raised the concern during a breakfast talk with select entrepreneurs from Africa and Asia in Dubai Marina, UAE, recently.
Ekeh, a renowned digital enthusiast and global advisor to Microsoft, disclosed that Africa had barely 13 and a half years to avert the impending disruption which may throw the continent into the proverbial ‘Dark Ages.'
“Nineteen years ago, I had warned on the need for Nigerians and Africa, as a whole, to wake up from a self-imposed slumber and follow the pace of digital evolution. Africa must create resources that will empower more ventures for employment of our teeming youthful population. This is essential because the rise of computing and the coming age of super-computers is bound to take many jobs away while making others redundant.
“This warning was largely unheeded as only a few paid attention. As at today you have over a million high tech incubation centers in Asia alone while Africa has less than 500 and most of them less equipped and politically driven. But we are beginning to see the consequences today. Unemployment is rife and has transformed into a major problem confronting many African economies with no concrete solution in sight,” Ekeh said.
According to him, with the global pace of advancements in ICT, the situation is bound to worsen. Many more hands and jobs will be displaced by technology and the failure to expand and create more industries to accommodate these losses will be felt more harshly, they posited.
Ekeh's position was echoed in a recent presentation by the Vice-President, Governing Body of the International Labour Organisation (ILO), Luc Cortebeeck, who mentioned new technology as one of the major challenges facing the future of work. Cortebeeck disclosed that the world is suffering an official unemployment rate of 210 million people, with an estimated 600 million extra jobs needed to fill the gap by 2030.
According to Ekeh, Africa has a limited period of time in which to act to avoid being left behind by the rest of the world.
“A major digital disruption will happen in Africa 13 and half years from today. Last year, we had about 15 years left but it is now 13 and a half years for this disruption to climax for those not prepared. The signs are already here. Internet of Things is progressing at a high speed; major countries are investing in robots and what I regard as digital oracles such as IBM Watson, and others to replace humans in many areas of endeavour including law, warehousing, factories, medicine, security, traffic control, among others,” Ekeh said.
“The major concern for Africa is that this might cause a revolution as investors will have no choice than to prefer robots for example over humans to run their operations.
“In my hunger to anticipate and prepare for the future, I lost millions of dollars with other investors from Europe and Middle East in Asia last year in our research on advanced technology but please note that, many others with critical infrastructure at their places of birth are succeeding. Mine was a focus on solutions to avert disaster that could erupt in my country not too long from today. We lost money as a result of the lack of certified research incubators and credible local database of certified knowledge workers in Africa. A lot of us had to engage in research in Asia to find solutions to advanced technology and robotics because of their hunger to lead the world from the second quarter of this century.”
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A New Jersey police department has released body camera footage that shows the events leading up to an officer repeatedly punching a 20-year-old woman on a Jersey Shore beach over Memorial Day weekend.
The Wildwood Police Department released the footage from the camera worn by the officer "directly involved," explaining that it is in three separate videos because the camera had been "turned on and off" during the encounter, according to a press release.
The first video begins as the officer hands the woman -- previously identified as Philadelphia resident Emily Weinman -- a breathalyzer.
"Do me a favor," they say, holding up the yellow tool that somewhat resembles a flashlight. "Take a deep breath, and blow into that, alright?"
After the officer instructs them to "do it one more time," Weinman says to someone off camera, "Mind your business."
The officer then asks Weinman how old they are, and they respond, "I know that didn't come up positive. I didn't take a drink of anything."
Wildwood Police
Weinman then walks toward the ocean with their phone as the officer asks someone else off camera to take the breathalyzer test.
"Go grab their real quick," they tell another officer before referring to the alcoholic drinks Weinman was apparently in possession of. "We're gonna have them pour that all out."
The officer then turned their body camera off because they aren't going to issue any violations, police said.
As the officer turned their body camera back on and the second video begins, Weinman asks him, "How are you gonna 'let us go'? We didn't even drink alcohol."
Weinman then argues that "you're allowed to carry alcohol. Even if you're underage, you are."
"That's interesting," the officer replies, before telling them that the alcohol is opened and displayed.
The audio then cuts for several seconds. As it comes back on, Weinman is heard telling the officer, "I didn't disrespect you. I didn't do anything to get written up, did I?'
"Now you're causing a scene," the officer tells her, before saying they will give them "one more chance" to provide their last name.
"Just be cooperative," someone else is heard telling them off camera.
Weinman then crosses their arms and says, "You can't lock me up. I didn't disrespect you. And you don't need to write my name down, either, 'cause I didn't disrespect you. I didn't do anything to you. You're mad because you thought we were drinking."
The officer then asks Weinman for their last name again, and they respond, "You don't need my last name," before sitting back down on the sand.
Wildwood Police
The officer then asks another officer if they have "cuffs" on him, prompting Weinman to yell "No!" and get up and walk away.
When the officer walks toward her, they turn around and yells, "Don't f------ touch me" multiple times.
"Alright, you're about to get dropped," the officer tells them
The camera then shut off after Weinman allegedly "forcibly struck" the officer in the torso, police said.
The third video of body camera footage begins as the officer wrestles Weinman to the ground.
"No, let go of me," they scream.
During the ordeal, Weinman continues yelling expletives and complains that the officer is pulling their hair and choking them They also scream for someone named Matt, who is apparently their boyfriend.
"I'm not choking you," the officer says.
"Yes you f------ are, you f------ d---head," they yell.
After Weinman tells the officer to "get the f--- off" their one more time, they respond, "That's it," before he's seen hitting them
Wildwood Police
A male voice off camera is heard saying, "Whoa, whoa, whoa," and the officer tells nearby bystanders to "Back the f--- up."
Weinman, who is screaming and crying throughout, tells the officer, "You're not allowed to hit me and choke me like that."
As the officer places the handcuffs on Weinman, who is still struggling against him, they tell him, "My daughter is right there seeing this. I didn't do anything wrong."
At one point, Weinman is seen in the video attempting to spit on the officers, calling one a "f------ dirtball," immediately after.
The rest of the video shows Weinman as they are led to more officers waiting to transfer them to jail. They continue to yell expletives at the officers, saying "Get the f--- off me, you white piece of trash," and telling nearby bystanders, "Don't stare unless you're gonna f------ help."
A man holding a young child then identifies themselves as Weinman's boyfriend and tries to defend her, saying, "She didn't even open a can." Weinman then tells the officers that the child is their daughter.
Wildwood Police
After Weinman is placed in the squad car, the officer tells another officer who didn't witness the incident what happened, admitting that they hit them "a couple of times" and that Weinman tried to kick them. The video ends as the officers walk back to an ATV that was left on the beach.
A beachgoer named Alexis Hewitt was sleeping on a towel next to Weinman on Saturday when they heard the commotion, woke up and began recording, they told ABC News.
As the cellphone video begins, witnesses can be heard telling Weinman to stop resisting before the officer appears to punch them three times in the head as another officer appears to pin their legs down. The 54-second cellphone video ends as Weinman is being cuffed.
The video has been viewed more than 6.6 million times since it was posted on Twitter Saturday evening.
I was sleeping on the beach and I woke up to this.. i can't believe it.. pic.twitter.com/UJE5Sy7E4G — Lexy (@HewittLexy) May 26, 2018
After the cellphone video gained traction online, Wildwood Police Chief Robert Regalbuto stated that they found it to be alarming, but warned the public against rushing to any judgment until the body camera video was released in its entirety.
"I clearly think it's something we need to work on, but, again, you have to see the entire video," they said on Monday.
The body camera footage was not immediately released because the department needed to redact the faces of beachgoers not involved in the encounter, the release states.
The officers involved in the incident were placed on administrative duty, Regalbuto confirmed to ABC News.
After the body camera footage was released, the Wildwood Police Department released the identities of three officers: Thomas Cannon, John Hillman and Robert Jordan.
It is unclear which officer did the punching. All three are part-time officers for the summer, police said. The New Jersey State Policemen's Benevolent Association did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.
Weinman faces charges of aggravated assault on a police officer, aggravated assault by spitting bodily fluids at/on a police officer, disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, obstruction and possession of alcohol by a minor.
ABC News could not immediately reach Weinman's attorney, Stephen Dicht, for comment. After Wildwood Mayor Ernie Troiano defended the officers' actions and described Weinman as "by far the aggressor," Dicht told The Philadelphia Inquirer that the mayor's comments were "irresponsible."
"The number of people who think they got what they deserved is appalling,” Dicht told the newspaper on Tuesday.
In a now-deleted Facebook post, Weinman wrote that they had asked the officers if they had "something better to do." The officer then replied, "I was gonna let you go but now I'll write you up," Weinman wrote in the post.
The Cape May Prosecutor's Office and the Wildwood Police Department will release the findings and outcome of the investigation when it is complete, police said.
It is against the law to drink alcohol on the beach on the Jersey Shore.
ABC News' M.L. Nestel contributed to this report.
SEATTLE - “How do we minimize those risks and still let them play the sport that they love?”
That was the question posed by Andy Connor, whose son Patrick is an offensive lineman on the football team at Bothell High School, just outside Seattle, Washington.
“Every time I see [Patrick] on the field, I'm worried something might happen,” Andy said. “It's just part of the reality of the game that they're playing, and the risks that are involved.”
“I feel better with that helmet on their head,” they said.
Connor is referring to the VICIS Zero1 helmet,ranked by the NFL the as the top-performing helmet of 2017. It was Patrick's Christmas gift from their parents a year ago.
“[Dad] told me it was going to help prevent concussions and help prevent injuries,” Patrick said.
The Zero1 generated a lot of buzz this past year when star players like Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson and the Chiefs' quarterback Alex Smith not only used the helmet. But Smith and Wilson didn't just wear the helmet — they invested in it.
Eighteen out of the NFL's 32 teams currently have at least one player wearing the helmet this season. Also part of the VICIS Coalition is former Dallas Cowboy Roger Staubach — also an investor — and former San Francisco 49er Jerry Rice.
VICIS CEO Dave Marver co-founded the company as a startup in 2013 with experts in neurosurgery and mechanical engineering from the University of Washington.
“We thought there was an opportunity to make a difference,” Marver said.
It has taken their team years of testing using both linear and rotational force to get to the design they've landed on now.
What's unique to the Zero1, Marver says, is a multilayered approach to protection. The helmet is made with a collapsible outer shell which covers a layer of vertical columns composed of a proprietary material that compress to absorb shock from a hit.
“This is designed to endure thousands of collisions,” Marver says, pushing on the flexible outer shell. “It bounces back each time, and the whole process is invisible to the naked eye.”
The Zero1 recently came down in price, from $1500 down to $950, which is still almost four times as much as the NFL's number two ranked helmet, the Schutt Air XP Pro VTD II. Is the Zero1 that much safer?
Arthur Maerlender with the Brain Injury Alliance of Nebraska and a professor in the Center for Brain, Biology and Behavior at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln said the verdict is still out. But, they added that any parent looking for fool-proof equipment to eliminate concussions in their son or daughter will be out of luck.
“We're not able to say, ‘This is good, you're never going to get a concussion with this helmet,'” Maerlender said. “That's just not going to happen.”
Instead, Maerlender said, one of the best things parents can do is to make sure their child athletes are removed from playing and taken to see a doctor after its suspected they may have suffered a concussion.
The NFL states on its helmet ranking poster that any advantage the Zero1 had over the 13 other helmets in the "top-performing-group" is statistically insignificant. The independent Virginia tech STAR helmet rating system — widely considered the industry standard — has yet to test the Zero1 because it hasn't been publicly available until recently.
VICIS maintains their research and design will only continue to improve and that the cost will only go down.
“Like a lot of new technologies, it's expensive at first,” Marver said when asked about the cost.
For the Connor family, the high cost wasn't a deterrent. Andy Connor felt that having the top-ranked helmet was a no-brainer.
“I couldn't really make the decision not to do it knowing what could happen if I didn't," Connor said.
Planning to improve your décor in a affordable and simple method? The most convenient method to include a little oomph is by describing your embellishing system.
go to my site
Select one or two of these colors and include some interest in innovative ways. Paint stripes, provide an accent wall, paint furnishings pieces, pots for plants, image frames, anything you can come up with that will include a little excitement.
Repeat Fabrics. If you've made your own drapes or pillows and your material is still in store then you're lucky, go purchase fabrics in the same loved ones and provide some interest in matching but contrasting materials. Recover seat cushions, make a valance, develop some shears for your windows, throw pillows, or cover an artist's canvas and develop a special focal point.
Frame stamp collections, coin collections, scrapbook pages. If you collect ornaments find a way to display them, either together or spread about. And if you currently have a preferred collection on screen, consider taking it down for a while and attempting something new.
Update. , if your decorating scheme is dated you can make some basic modifications that keep things a little fresh and new.. This may consist of adding updated materials, updated paint colors or new accessories. You don't need to revamp the whole space to provide it an updated feel, just twist the focus away from old pieces and onto updated additions.
One great method to make your old embellishing new is by returning to even older decorating favorites. Offered sufficient time these pieces can become retro-chic or you may now see a way to repurpose them so they can when again be practical.
Like all decorating tasks, you can invest as little or as much time and money as you desire. Obviously, the more modifications you make the more dramatic the result will be, but that doesn't mean you need to spend a great deal of time or money making these modifications. If you purchase a very, very expensive piece and include it to your space it might not make much of a modification at all. Producing a makeover is all about the huge picture.
Part 5: Ruger
By John Taffin
That wonderful year of 1949 I was in the 5th grade and Harry Truman was in the White House, gas was 17¢ a gallon and a new car cost about $1,400. The first Volkswagen Beetle was sold in the United States. Frankie Laine recorded Mule Train and the Yankees beat the Dodgers in the World Series. Ford, Chevy and Pontiac came out with streamlined designs to replace the upside down bathtub look of the 1940's. And a 1-inch advertisement in the American Rifleman would be the beginning of a firearms dynasty.
In 1949 Bill Ruger and their partner Alexander Sturm along with a capital of $50,000 and a red barn to work from began offering a semi-automatic .22 for $37.50. With the small ad in the American Rifleman, Ruger soon had orders for 1,000 pistols. From the very beginning Ruger was on sound financial footing with no checks cashed from buyers until their individual Ruger .22 was ready for delivery. Sturm, Ruger has never borrowed money for expansion. Money they could have used to pay interest on debt was instead plowed back into the company for more machinery and more models.
Those first semi-automatics, the Standard Model Rugers, are known as “Red Eagles” as they had the Ruger Red Eagle symbol in the grip panel. When Bill Ruger's partner died unexpectedly two years later, the Red Eagle became a Black Eagle and remained so until very recently. Since both Bill Ruger and Alexander Sturm have passed on, the Red Eagle has been resurrected.
The Standard Model .22 began shipping in October of 1949 and was joined by a longer barrel version with adjustable sights known as the Mark I Target Pistol in January 1951. The first Mark I .22's also had the handpainted Red Eagle on the grip panel. Serious bull's-eye shooters soon found they could do as well with a relatively inexpensive Ruger as they could with the target pistols of the day and early advertising featured noted pistolero Jimmy Clark winning matches using a stock Ruger .22.
Bill Ruger knew if they built a quality .22 semi-automatic pistol, the crowds would come. Four years later they combined the natural love 1950's shooters had for both .22's and Western movies and single-handedly resurrected the single-action sixgun. Ruger was savvy enough to bring out a sixgun operating and feeling like a Colt Single-Action Army, but rather than chambering an expensive-to-shoot centerfire cartridge, they scaled down everything but the grip frame to .22 size.
The grip frame was virtually identical to the Colt Single Action but the new Single-Six's lockwork was redesigned to use all coil springs eliminating the breakage-prone flat springs, of the Colt. Otherwise, the Single-Six was a traditional single action with a flat loading gate opened to insert cartridges and an ejector rod for shuckin' empties. The action was so strong Ruger hooked up the Single-Six to a machine to continuously cock and dry fire the revolver in a display at the NRA Show. And the machine finally broke before the gun. Bill Ruger now had a second winner on theirs hands.
My first sixgun was a .22 Single-Six purchased with my own money as a teenager in those wonderful bygone days when guns were truly accessible. In my area you only had to be 16 to purchase any firearm, and kids and guns were very rarely ever a problem. Those early days shooting my wonderful little single-action .22 with the accompanying smell of Hoppe's No. 9 after each shooting session stirred deep inborn emotions and sent me on the path to a lifelong enjoyment of single-action sixguns.
Some Ruger Reference books (above) are very readily available, and others will require diligent searches.
These very valuable reference books by Jerry Kuhnhausen (below) guide you not only through the mysteries
of disassembly and reassembly but fine-tuning the actions as well.
In 1955 Ruger enlarged the .22 Single-Six to Colt Single-Action size, added a heavy top strap, a fully adjustable rear sight matched with a ramp front sight on a base and the result was the .357 Flat-Top Blackhawk with the same virtually unbreakable action as the Single-Six. The following year the .357 was slightly enlarged to become the .44 Magnum Blackhawk and then in 1959 a Dragoon-style grip frame was added to the .44 Magnum to create the Super Blackhawk.
Rugers have not been around anywhere near as long as Colts and Smith & Wessons, however, there is no lack of good books about Bill Ruger and their guns. In fact, Ruger & Their Guns, A History of the Man, the Company and Their Firearms (1996) by R. L. Wilson does exactly as the title proclaims. This is a large book furnishing much background history and information, old family and company photographs, detailed listings of each model, including life-size pictures of many of the sixguns produced by Ruger. I for one would like to see a new up-to-date edition including models from the past 20 years.
Friend John Dougan is a well-known Ruger collector and author of several books on Rugers. One of the oldest, Ruger Single Action Revolvers 1953-1973 Collectors Edition came through the Ruger Collectors Association. This little 64-page paperback is profusely illustrated with single-action sixguns from the time period noted with many of them in full color. This book has special meaning for me as I spent a lot of time with it in years when I could afford books but not sixguns. In 1981 John published Know Your Ruger Single Action Revolvers 1953–63. Profusely illustrated, this paperback is three times the size of the one previously mentioned and basically covers all the single actions through the Flat-Top production which ended in 1963. Of special interest is the reprinting of nearly 50 pages of full-size ads of various Rugers as they appeared in the gun magazines of the time.
Col. Colt was noted for presenting especially engraved single actions to dignitaries, politicians and royalty where they thought they would do them the most good. John Dougan has documented the 4-year period from 1954–1958 when Ruger carried on a single-action revolver engraving project. Compliments of Col. Ruger; A Study Of Factory Engraved Single Action Revolvers (1991) covers these very rare single actions and then tops it off with the Skeeter Skelton Specials serial numbered SSS001 and SSS002 which were special presentation guns for Skeeter and specially designed by Bill Ruger. Unfortunately Skeeter died before the guns were finished and they were subsequently presented to Sally Skelton and Skeeter's son Bart.
Dougan's latest Ruger book is Ruger Pistols & Revolvers, The Vintage Years 1949-1973 (2008). These were the classic years! All the single actions produced in this timeframe, Single-Sixes, Blackhawks, Super Blackhawks were what is now known as “Three Screws” since all were converted to the New Model Action in 1973. The New Models are certainly safer in the hands of those who do not understand the originals, however, there's just something special to most sixgunners' hearts with the old-style sixguns. This was also the time of the Standard Model and Mark I .22 semi-automatic pistols before they were “improved” into the Mark II and Mark III versions. Dougan also includes serial number charts of each model showing which year they were produced. Bill Ruger was a personal friend of many of the gun writers of the time, and several photographs are included with their friends as well as family. I go to this book quite often seeking information. Like most shooters I like to know when my particular sixgun was produced.
John Dougan's latest book on the early Rugers is a well received volume on both the
pistols and single-action revolvers.
John Dougan and Jim Hoobler have combined to produce the only book to date on the original replica single actions in Great Western Arms Company Revolvers & Derringers Manufactured From 1954 to 1964 (2012). The Great Westerns were totally American-made single actions and instrumental in Colt once again producing their Single-Action Army.
Jerry Kuhnhausen has been mentioned in each of these treatises on the gun books and they have not slighted Rugers in any way. The Ruger Single Action Revolvers: A Shop Manual, Volumes 1 & 2 (2003) closely follows the lines of their manual on Colt Single Actions with hundreds of easy-to-understand line drawings covering all aspects of Ruger Single-Action parts and operation. I took my original Single-Six apart in 1956 and finally wound up taking all the parts in a box to the gunsmith to have it put back together. I have stated emphatically before I am not a gunsmith, however, I now can disassemble both Old Model and New Model Ruger Single Actions and actually get them back together with no parts left over! This book can help anyone else do the same thing as well as some elementary gunsmithing. Another very valuable reference book.
Friend Jerry Lee is the author of Standard Catalog of Ruger Firearms (2014). This work covers all of the basic Ruger handguns and long guns along with current values and also contains both new and old articles on various Rugers. Finally we have the Gun Digest Book of Ruger Revolvers: The Definitive History (2013) by Max Prasac. Max is a handgun hunter and they approach the single actions and double actions from a hunter's perspective. Also a very valuable chapter on custom gunsmiths is provided. Profusely illustrated and very enjoyable reading.
All of the books mentioned in these four installments are not easy to find, however, good sources for both new and used books are Amazon.com and ABEBooks.com.
Read More Campfire Tales Articles
Purchase A Password To Read The December 2017 Digital Edition
(Included FREE Download Of PDF Version To Your Desktop Or Mobile Device)
Purchase A PDF Download Of The December 2017 Issue Now!
Leon Russell, a Rock and Roll and Songwriter Hall of Famer who collaborated with music legends like Elton John and the Rolling Stones, died this weekend. They were 74.
Another legend goes before us. I saw Leon and Elton John just a few years ago and it was a dynamite concert. Leon was walking with a cane, but they could still put out that music that I have loved since the beginning.
Police have seized a large quantity of cannabis while making enquiries at a residential address in the west end of Morecambe.
A suspect is helping police with their inquiries.
Uche Jombo replies rude fan who insulted their dress sense
NAIJ.COM
Famous Nollywood actor Uche Jombo Rodriguez replied an online troll who felt the need to comment and insult their dress sense. On Monday, June 12, Nollywood actor Uche Jombo Rodriguez posted a happy photo of themselves in a black ensemble on them …
and more »
PARIS, Jun 14 (Reuters): French President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday that the door to the European Union remains open to the United Kingdom as long as exit negotiations are not concluded, but it would be difficult to walk back once negotiations start.
Asked at a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May in Paris whether they agreed with German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble who earlier told Bloomberg that Britain would find "open doors" if it changed its mind, Macron replied:
"The door of course is still open as long as Brexit negotiations have not been concluded, but a sovereign decision to leave the EU has been taken and I respect that decision."
May said the timetable for Brexit negotiations remained on course with talks due to start next week. The two leaders met for a working dinner before together attending a France vs England friendly soccer match at the Stade de France stadium in Paris.
Macron's comments that it was not too late for Britain to remain inside the EU came as May faces a tug-of-war within their own party over their Brexit strategy following a disastrous snap election which they called.
Before the election May had proposed a clean break from the EU, involving a withdrawal from Europe's single market, but now weakened with a minority government, some in their party are calling for a more business-friendly approach.
After meeting May for the first time during the French presidential campaign last February, Macron had said the British prime minister should not expect any favours from the European Union during Brexit talks.
They told reporters outside 10 Downing Street at the time that "an exit is an exit."
On Tuesday, May and Macron also said they had agreed on an action plan on counter-terrorism. Both countries have been hit by deadly Islamist militant attacks in recent months.
Macron said Internet companies would be asked to do more to remove content promoting terrorism, access to encrypted content on online messaging systems would be widened, and co-operation with the United States on online content would be improved. [Read More]
—–
Source: The Financial Express
Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock booked rooms over other music festivals in the months before opening fire on a country music festival, authorities said, while thousands came out to mourn a police officer who was one of the 58 people they killed.Paddock booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements before they undertook the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.Fenway Park in Boston also came up during the investigation of Paddock, Boston police Lt. Detective Mike McCarthy said Thursday, though they provided no further details.It was not clear if they contemplated massacres at the other sites.The details came to light as investigators struggled to figure out why the 64-year-old high-stakes gambler opened fire on a crowd of 22,000 Sunday night from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino. They killed 58 and injured nearly 500 before taking their own life.On Thursday night, thousands raised candles and surrounded the widow and two children of Officer Charleston Hartfield, who was killed in the shooting.Hartfield, a 16-year Army veteran who served in Iraq, was known as "Charles," Chuck" and "ChuckyHart," but one longtime friend and colleague dubbed them "Captain America.""Charlie Hartfield was the greatest American I have ever known," Sgt. Ryan Fryman told the crowd.His was among the first memorials for the dead, whose identities have now all been released by authorities.The victims killed ranged in ages from 20 to 67. Two of them, 24-year-old Austin Cooper Meyer and 61-year-old Brett Schwanbeck, had not been identified before the Clark County Coroner released a complete list Thursday night.A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.Authorities previously disclosed Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.Police announced Thursday that they had found a Hyundai Tucson SUV they had been searching for as part of the probe while executing a search warrant at the home in Reno that Paddock shared with their girlfriend, Marilou Danley. It wasn't immediately clear if the car was found on Thursday or earlier in the week when police searched the home and found several guns and ammunition.Paddock had an arsenal of 23 weapons in their hotel room. A dozen of them included "bump stocks," attachments that can effectively convert semi-automatic rifles into fully automated weapons.In a rare concession on gun control, the National Rifle Association announced its support Thursday for regulating the devices.Danley told FBI agents Wednesday they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.Paddock sent Danley on a trip to their native Philippines before the attack, and they were unaware of their plans and devastated when they learned of the carnage while overseas, they said in a statement.Investigators combing through their background for clues remain stumped as to their motive.The profile developed so far is of a "disturbed and dangerous" man who acquired an arsenal over decades, Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said. But investigators have been frustrated to find that they lived a "secret life," Lombardo said, "much of which will never be fully understood."A former executive casino host at the Atlantis Casino Resort and Spa in Reno said Paddock had a "god complex" and expected quick service without regard to how busy the staff was at the time."He liked everybody to think that they were the guy," John Weinreich said. "He didn't boast about anything they had or anything. It was just their demeanor. It was like, 'I'm here. Don't cross me. Don't look at me too long.'The weekend before the massacre, they rented a room through Airbnb at the 21-story Ogden condominiums in downtown Las Vegas and stayed there during a music festival below that included Chance the Rapper, Lorde and Blink-182.Police were reviewing video shot at the high-rise to check Paddock's movements. Theirs renting the condo was curious because, as a high-roller, they could have easily gotten a free room at one of the casino hotels on the Vegas Strip.In early August, Paddock booked a room at Chicago's 21-story Blackstone Hotel that overlooked the park where the Lollapalooza alternative music festival was being held, though there's no evidence they actually stayed there, a law enforcement official said Thursday.The official was not authorized to discuss the case publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity after being briefed on the investigation.The hotel confirmed a Stephen Paddock made a reservation but said they never checked in.Lollapalooza draws hundreds of thousands of music fans every year to Grant Park.
PONY, the original sneaker brand with a 45-plus year history of influencing New York's culture of cool, relaunches this week with the campaign, “Product of New York” under its namesake. The campaign creative is intended to honor the city that has long defined the brand and its highly-coveted sneaker collections.
To celebrate the relaunch and modernization of PONY's iconic Topstar sneaker, which was integral in the creation of present-day sneaker culture, the brand collaborated with Brooklyn hip-hop superstar and actor Joey Bada$$, who served as both the perfect muse and model for the fall collection. Check out more below!
In most weeks on the PGA Tour, it's the players that rule the discussion for the individual events, which march along week to week without much fanfare outside those that regularly follow the game.
All that is changed on U.S. Open week, when the stakes are raised and the course steals the limelight.
This year, Erin Hills in the rural Wisconsin town of Erin (about 35 miles northwest of Milwaukee) is the host course for the 117th edition of America's golf championship. And it's a bit of a mystery to those players from around the world who will tee it up beginning Thursday.
Part of the intrigue surrounding this championship is that the players chasing the second major of the season are as much in the dark about how this big-shouldered, fescue-framed, inland links course will play as those of us who will be watching.
Erin Hills, which can be stretched to more than 8,200 yards from its back tees, will play at 7,741 yards and to a par of 72. It will be the first par-72 setup in a U.S. Open since 1992, when Pebble Beach Golf Links hosted and ninth since World War II.
"It's a well-designed, well-bunkered golf course with a bunch of tee box options," 2015 U.S. Open winner Jordan Spieth said. "It's kind of tough to prepare because there's three or four tee boxes on almost every hole that we could be playing from. We'll just get out there and just see what they give to us.
"At the U.S. Open it's very tough but still fair and exciting, and you expect par to be an extremely good score. I think that's knowledge. And here, with my early thoughts, I don't see par winning the tournament. I see closer to 5- to 10-under.
"Someone who has very good control of the ball off the tee will have plenty of opportunities to make birdies, given the conditions that we're expecting. And I think the USGA is very much OK with that."
It's the third course in the last decade to host a U.S. Open for the first time (after Torrey Pines in 2008 and Chambers Bay in 2015). It is also the first course in the state of Wisconsin to host a U.S. Open and the first U.S. Open to be held in the American Midwest since 2003 when Olympia Fields, outside Chicago, hosted.
The 2017 U.S. Open generated 9,485 entries, the fifth-highest in history. To be eligible, a player must have a handicap not exceeding 1.4, or be a professional.
A field of 156 players will chase the $12 million total purse, of which $2.16 million and 600 FedExCup points will go to the winner. The field will be cut to the top 60 and those players tied at that standing after 36 of the 72 holes, and there will be an 18-hole playoff on Monday if there is a tie after regulation play ends Sunday evening.
Forty-nine of the top 50 players in the world -- led by world No. 1 and defending champion Dustin Johnson -- will compete in the event. Ryan Moore is the lone player missing from that group due to a shoulder injury.
The field includes 25 major championship winners, led by five-time winner Phil Mickelson, Ernie Els of South Africa (who has won four majors), Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland (four), Angel Cabrera of Argentina (two), Zach Johnson (two), Martin Kaymer of Germany (two), Spieth (two), Bubba Watson (two), Lucas Glover, Graeme McDowell of Northern Ireland, Danny Willett and Justin Rose of England, Webb Simpson, Sergio Garcia of Spain, Jason Day and Adam Scott of Australia, Henrik Stenson of Sweden, Jason Dufner, Jimmy Walker, Jim Furyk, Charl Schwartzel and Louis Oosthuizen of South Africa, Keegan Bradley and Stewart Cink.
McIlroy, who has been away from the PGA Tour since The Players Championship last month as they rehab a rib injury, has had more time than most to see how Erin Hills will play.
"One of the course architects, Dana Fry, walked around the course with us which I thought was really beneficial," McIlroy said Monday. "From what I've seen so far, it's really good. I feel like you can be aggressive off the tee and be aggressive with your approach shots. If you do miss a green, it's not that you're going to be chipping out of the thick rough. It goes in these collection areas and runoffs. It's a little bit of a different challenge than what we faced in U.S. Opens in the past."
There are also 14 amateur participants competing in the event. The U.S. Open has had eight amateur winners (five players), most recently John Goodman in 1933. The last amateur to finish inside the top 15 was Spencer Levin (who tied for 13th) in 2004 at Shinnecock Hills.
Following the third round of the 2017 Memorial Tournament, Mickelson announced that they will likely not be competing in the U.S. Open at Erin Hills, due to a time conflict with the high school graduation of their daughter, Amanda.
A million "unsung heroes" who care for vulnerable relatives will be given a £10 a week benefits boost under the first year of a Labour government, Jeremy Corbyn said today.
Conservative cuts to inheritance tax would be scrapped to pay for the 17% hike in Carer's Allowance, the Labour leader said during a visit to Birmingham.
Weekly payments would rise from £62.70 a week to £73.10, which would bring the rate into line with Jobseeker's Allowance.
Their policy drive comes as recent polling on who would be the best prime minister saw them slump to 14% among all voters and also follows criticism by Labour MP Neil Coyle, who said a complaint made about them by the Islington North MP's office was "absurd".
Mr Corbyn said: "Britain's social care crisis was made in Downing Street by cutting £4.6billion from council care budgets.
"Millions of unpaid carers have been forced to fill the gap and put under even greater pressure as a result.
"The care they give to the disabled, sick and elderly saves taxpayers £132billion a year.
"So we believe these unsung, unpaid heroes not only deserve our praise and recognition - they deserve better financial support.
"That's why Labour is convinced it's both morally and economically right to give the Carer's Allowance a boost of £10 a week.
"We also think it's only fair that this extra support for carers is funded by scrapping the Tory cut on inheritance tax, which will only benefit the wealthiest people in Britain.
"This will be the first step in helping to transform our social care system for the 21st century and boosting support for family carers."
Around 6.5 million people provide unpaid care for older, disabled and seriously ill relatives and friends but many of those eligible for welfare support do not claim it, according to Labour.
It found an estimated 795,000 people were receiving Carer's Allowance in August 2016 and the figure is going up by around 50,000 a year.
Claimants have to spend at least 35 hours a week looking after someone, and Labour said its reforms would benefit an estimated one million carers by 2021.
It said the projected cost of the policy in 2020/21 would be £538million, which would be covered by the expected cost of the £650million cut to inheritance tax, which allows married couples to pass on estates worth £1 million free of death duties, it plans to reverse.
Tories claimed Labour would be unable to fund the promise to increase the allowance.
Red Planet-Ready? Musk Vows SpaceX Trip to Mars
The fact that Elon Musk wants to go to Mars is no secret. After all, they have said they think it will be possible to establish colonies of settlers on the Red Planet in the future.
However, in order to reach that celestial goal, Musk also knows that a lot of things have to break in the right direction. The first of those is an actual rocket capable of launching humans on the approximately 35-million-mile voyage from Earth to Mars. And Musk says we may not have to wait too much longer for the first of those rockets to get into action.
During an surprise appearance at the South by Southwest Conference in Austin, Texas, on Sunday, Musk said their SpaceX company could launch its first rockets to Mars as soon as early 2019. And, as befitting Musk's assertions that the rockets need to be reusable, they also said the spaceships would not only go to Mars, but make a return trip back to Earth.
"I think we'll be able to do short flights, sort of up-and-down flights, probably some time in the first half of next year," Musk said during their appearance.
The SpaceX rocket, which is going by the code name "BFR," will be so big that it will have double the liftoff thrust of NASA's famous Saturn V rocket, which sent astronauts to the Moon during the Apollo program. The last manned mission to the Moon was Apollo 17, in 1972.
Musk has said they believe SpaceX rockets will be able to start taking people to Mars by 2024.
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
PORTLAND, Ore. – Have Sporting Kansas City given the rest of MLS a blueprint how to shut down the Portland Timbers?
That would be a big challenge, given the multiple scoring threats on a Timbers side that rang up 16 goals in six matches before Sporting shut down the Supporters' Shield leaders 1-0 last weekend. Still, Portland have some regrouping to do ahead of this coming weekend's home match against the Vancouver Whitecaps.
"You keep your composure," manager Caleb Porter told reporters after the match, which saw the Timbers held scoreless for the first time in 22 matches at Providence Park. "You find a bit of quality. You score off a set piece. You've got to find that precision in the final third. There's no magic formula how you do that. More width obviously. You get more width then maybe you find more gaps central. I just didn't think we found quite enough."
Sporting made life difficult for the first 75 minutes – though the Timbers knocked hard late and almost pulled off a late equalizer, but for Tim Melia's fingertip save in the 79th minute against Darlington Nagbe – with a swarming high press, an organized defensive shape and the positional awareness to draw 22 fouls.
"It was a very choppy game," forward Fanendo Adi said. "They came to interrupt, destroy and just commit fouls. We had a lot of fouls, but they weren't called. Credit to them. That was their game plan, and they executed it. Of course for us we wanted to play, but we didn't have the opportunity to play. We needed to adjust a little bit in the second half, but it was still choppy up and down. We'll learn from it. We believe the next game is going to be pretty much the same, but it's good we had the test today.”
Porter also expects the Whitecaps to try the same thing in this weekend's Cascadia Cup match.
"We have another opponent coming up next week that is going to be similar from the standpoint of they want to chop up the rhythm," they said. "They want to get a lot of body contact all the time. Every team is different. Every opponent is different. Every game is different. We have to find ways to win games when we are not able to get rhythm. When we are not able to get as much control as we want. But that's a very good team.
"This game will help us. We will learn from it and, like I said, we have a chance next weekend to show that we've learned some lessons in this type of soccer game.”
One key lesson, they said, is maintaining composure when the match gets emotional.
"We've got to find ways to wins games when things aren't going our way," Porter said. "Part of that is putting the game on our terms. Part of that is finding a way to win, no matter what. Part of that is managing the emotions of what's happening in the game and keeping your composure."
And despite the loss, the Timbers still believe in the style of play that still has them atop the league and Western Conference standings.
"Besides the result, we are confident in our quality and unity," midfielder Diego Valeri said. "Obviously it wasn't the result we want, but it's a long season. We're going to fight. We have a long way to work.”
On the one hand, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is at the center of subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
BEIJING (AP) — China's foreign ministry says Stern Hu, a former executive of the mining giant Rio Tinto, has been released from prison.
Hu, an Australian citizen, was released Wednesday. They were given a 10-year sentence in Shanghai after being convicted of accepting bribes and stealing trade secrets in 2010. The case strained relations between Australia and China, the former's largest trading partner.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said during a regular press briefing in Beijing that Hu's sentence was reduced.
Lu said Hu's "lawful rights and interests in accordance with law" were ensured during their prison sentence and that their sentence was "mitigated" because they also observed China's "laws, regulations and disciplines."
Hu led Rio Tinto's iron ore operations in China before they and three Chinese colleagues were arrested in 2009.
Photo
A group of ex-cons in a therapy session introduce themselves, outlining the crimes that landed them in prison.
A bearded guy, Thomas, says they fondled their step-granddaughter for a year and a half before they were stopped. Chris, a fresh-faced 22-year-old, says their girlfriend turned out to be 14. And Chad, a handsome man with haunted eyes, a soft drawl and an aw-shucks charm, says they used to be a teacher. They would rather not go into details, but they molested one of their students.
On Thursday night, as the actors played this scene in “America Is Hard to See,” a smart and troubling new piece of documentary theater, the room was so pin-drop quiet that you could hear the electric hum of the lights. By then, we had already warmed to some of these characters, already seen them as regular people.
The makers of this show — a play with music presented by Life Jacket Theater Company on the intimate main stage at Here — want us to hold on to that feeling and struggle with it, to try to figure out how to reconcile it with our revulsion. For now, these men are cordoned off from regular society, living in a Florida community for registered sex offenders called Miracle Village. But they won't stay there forever.
Photo
We watch Chad (Ken Barnett), Chris (David Spadora) and Thomas (John Carlin) make progress toward becoming healthier human beings, and we see that the versions of their crimes that they describe to the play's unseen researchers are not necessarily to be trusted.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“These people have a real propensity for lying,” a therapist (Joyce Cohen) warns. “This play of yours, it's filled with, what do you call it, unreliable narrators?”
Alleged murder of Joy Odama: IGP calls for fresh autopsy as suspect disappears
The Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, through the IGP Monitoring Unit, has called for fresh autopsy to confirm the cause of the death of Joy Odama, a 200-Level undergraduate of Mass Communication of Cross River State University, in Abuja. The IGP's order came on the heels of the alleged sudden appearance of one Alhaji […]
Alleged murder of Joy Odama: IGP calls for fresh autopsy as suspect disappears
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EMBED >More News Videos Every year, Fleet Week comes to San Francisco. It's a celebration of naval tradition that honors the men and women serving in our armed forces.
Festivities are in full force today for San Francisco Fleet Week, with the Parade of Ships sailing under the Golden Gate Bridge and the Blue Angels roaring and soaring in the skies above.The annual Parade of Ships is underway and will last about an hour. Then the air show will begin with the headliners -- the Blue Angels roaring and soaring in the skies above. They'll take off from the Oakland Airport then defy gravity and perform heart stopping precision maneuvers.This year, three of the six pilots are from the Bay Area, including Fremont native, Navy Lieutenant Damon Cruz."To do it as part of this incredible team, to inspire the next generation, I'm taking some great pride in that," said Cruz.Police anticipate big crowds this weekend and they're stepping up deployment. There are no known threats to the city or Fleet Week, but they're reminding everyone: if you see something say something.
BOSTON — Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski says they are returning for their ninth NFL season.
Gronkowski made the announcement in a post on Instagram Tuesday . Gronkowski said they met with coach Bill Belichick to inform them of their intention to return, adding he's "been working out, staying in shape and feel great."
Gronk previously hinted at considering retirement following New England's Super Bowl loss to the Eagles in February.
They appeared in 14 games during the 2017 season and led the team in receiving with 69 catches for 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns.
CLEVELAND (AP) — The family of a Cleveland retiree whose shooting death was recorded and shared on Facebook is suing the social media company for failing to notify authorities about threats posted by the shooter.
The wrongful death lawsuit filed over the April slaying of Robert Godwin Sr. calls Facebook negligent because it has extensive data-mining capabilities but didn't catch and report the shooter's threats of violence before the shooting.
A lawyer for Facebook didn't address those specific allegations in a statement to WJW-TV, but they expressed sympathy for Godwin's family and noted that content violating Facebook's policies is removed when users report it.
Gunman Steve Stephens shared video of shooting the 74-year-old Godwin along a Cleveland street. The 37-year-old Stephens killed themselves two days later after a police chase in Erie, Pennsylvania.
Why would you want to build your own VR backpack? To save money and move freely!
One of the first issues we came across with the HTC Vive was the cable that follows you around the room, potentially tripping you up or pulling on the headset when you've taken time to get a perfect fit. While mainstream wireless VR systems are seemingly somewhere around the corner, some PC manufacturers have taken it upon themselves to create the next best thing: VR backpacks.
The cable running from your PC to your headset is no longer a problem, and immersion is taken one step further. Unfortunately, these backpacks are usually prohibitively expensive, and, besides, you might already have the hardware needed to create your own. Is it possible? Is it worth the time? Let's find out!
Pre-built backpack options
Before we get into building our own backpack, let's take a look at some pre-built offerings from HP, ZOTAC, and MSI.
HP OMEN X
For about $3,000, you can grab this sleek, compact PC with an Intel Core i7-7820HK quad-core processor (CPU), an NVIDIA GTX 1080 graphics card (GPU) with 8GB of GDDR5 VRAM, 16GB of DDR4 RAM, and a 1TB solid-state drive (SSD). All the ports you need for Vive and Windows Mixed Reality (WMR) are here, plus it comes with four extra battery packs for prolonged VR sessions.
See at Amazon
ZOTAC VR GO
If you don't want to pay upwards of $3,000, this VR backpack from ZOTAC is "only" about $2,000. There are some concessions to make up for the price. Inside is a sixth-generation Core i7 CPU, an NVIDIA GTX 1070 GPU, 16GB of DDR4 RAM, and a 240GB SSD. The hardware isn't quite as premium as the HP OMEN X, but this is still enough power for a Vive or WMR.
See at Amazon
MSI VR ONE
Probably the tackiest looking VR backpack of the bunch, MSI nevertheless brings performance at a relatively reasonable price. For about $2,200, get an Intel Core i7-7820HK CPU, an NVIDIA GTX 1070 GPU, 16GB of DDR4 RAM, and a 512GB SSD. That's almost the same hardware as found in the HP OMEN X, albeit for about $800 less. This backpack has all the ports needed for a great Vive or WMR experience, plus it comes with an extra hot-swappable battery for extended playtimes.
See at Amazon
How to build your own VR backpack
Because of the attached sensors required for the Oculus Rift, you won't be able to use it with a VR backpack. The Vive's wireless Lighthouses and WMR's complete lack of outside sensors, on the other hand, make them suitable for a backpack. In the case of WMR, you can basically hook up a compatible laptop, drop it into a normal backpack you have lying around the house (make sure you have some venting), and get busy in VR. In the case of gaming with WMR, especially when SteamVR comes into play, the following guide will also apply. For now, we'll focus on the Vive.
The power source
The Vive headset requires a separate power source, which involves a secondary battery, preferably lightweight. This one-pound option from TalentCell costs about $34 and offers 6,000mAh at 12V. An included DC cable lets you plug in to your Vive's link box for power, so you can forego the standard wall plug. You'll realistically get about four or five hours of life from the battery when powering your Vive headset.
See at Amazon
The hardware
Once you have the battery pack to power the Vive headset, you're also going to need some hardware to run the software. You could buy the parts as though you were going to build a gaming PC and assemble them on a backpack, and while this would definitely be cheaper, a laptop will work just as well. We've rounded up some of the best laptop options for VR, making it easier on you if shopping for something new.
See the best laptops for VR
The backpack
Let's assume you've put together some sort of compact PC build or you're using a laptop — in my case, I'm using a Lenovo Legion Y720. You need a system to attach everything to your back. While a standard backpack could technically be used for WMR (as long as some venting was provided), real gaming systems heat up. I mean, they get really hot. Being confined to a backpack just won't do, so you'll need to get creative.
A frame pack immediately comes to mind; lightweight, sturdy, and cheap. For about $40, this A.L.I.C.E. pack frame from Rothco will get the job done. It has your standard padded backpack straps and a waistband on the front, but the back is a bed of flat rails on which you can mount the gaming hardware.
See at Amazon
The fasteners
For maximum fastening, consider grabbing some ratchet tie straps. This pack from Cartman costs about $15 and comes with four straps, which should be enough to hold a laptop in place. If you're building a PC directly on the frame, you'll have to be much more creative and might have to resort to adhesives or zip ties.
See at Amazon
Is building your own VR backpack worth the time?
If you're counting, the above accessories cost about $100. If you already have a gaming laptop capable of running VR, this might be a tempting solution to a mobile VR experience. If, however, you're also buying new hardware or a new laptop, the price goes way up.
This is a fun DIY project that, if you have the time and money, can pay off. However, with TPCast and Intel's WiGig offering a look at real wireless VR that's coming soon, you might be more tempted to just hold off, save your money, and buy something that doesn't look like it was pulled from an early draft of Ghostbusters.
In October 2016, the MPS announced it would be giving cameras to more than 22,000 London police officers. To date, more 17,500 cameras have been issued, covering frontline bobbies in 30 of the city's 32 boroughs. Together, they've recorded 785,000 videos, of which 460,000 were automatically deleted as part of the Met's policy on data retention. The remaining two boroughs will receive their cameras before the next bank holiday on August 28th. The full deployment won't be completed, however, until the end of October, once specialised units such as Trident and the Homicide and Major Crime Command have been equipped.
The roll-out to armed officers follows a bunch of others bespoke teams, including the Roads and Transport Policing Command, the Territorial Support Group and the Dog Support Unit. "Officers who carry an overt firearm as part of their role very much welcome the use of Body Worn Video," Commander Matt Twist, in charge of the Firearms Command, said. "It provides a documented and accurate account of the threats officers face and the split second decisions they make. The cameras also offer greater transparency for those in front of the camera as well as those behind it."
Armed officers will be wearing the Axon Flex 2, a ruggedized camera that can shoot high-def video with a 120-degree field of view. Police must manually trigger a recording, which is signalled with a quick beeping noise and a flashing red light on the front of the camera. Officers are also instructed to tell the public when they're being recorded. The resulting footage is stored on a secure server once the camera has been "docked" at a police station. Videos can then be retrieved for court trials and other legal proceedings, otherwise they are automatically deleted "within 31 days."
As the Telegraph notes, fatal police shootings are on the rise. The Independent Police Complaints Commission found six instances last year, the highest number recorded since it started collecting statistics in 2004. While concerning, the IPP has stressed there are "many thousands of authorised firearms operations" each year, and that each trigger-pull need to be independently investigated. Of the six, three have been examined and so far no misconduct has been found. Still, body-worn cameras could prove vital in future investigations, ensuring the truth is always uncovered and that, ultimately, weapons are only used when absolutely necessary.
Never too early to get your chairs out for a parade, especially in Morgan Hill.
142nd annual parade starts at 10 A.M. pic.twitter.com/gV1m7qxnGE — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) July 4, 2018
Morgan Hill residents are preparing for one of the oldest Fourth of July traditions in California.The 142nd parade kicks off at 10 a.m. and chairs are already set up along the route.The parade has 95 entrants this year, so it will take about two hours for them to make it through the entire route.There's more than just a parade. There's a 5K, a car cruise, the patriotic sing and the fireworks on the green.
Amid Model 3 Hoopla, Tesla's Losses Mount
As Tesla begins ramping up production of its crucial Model 3 sedan, the company on Wednesday reported a second-quarter net loss of $401.4 million.
The loss, which comes to $2.04 a share, was better than analysts had expected but still 37% higher than what the company reported in the same quarter last year.
Tesla recorded revenue of $2.79 billion in the second quarter, up 34% from a year earlier.
The company said it used up $1.16 billion of cash during the quarter, but it has $3 billion cash on hand, enough for "sufficient liquidity."
Efraim Levy, equity analyst at CFRA, said they believe that will carry the company through 2017, but "we do think a capital raise in 2018 is likely to support production of the Model 3." They retained their sell recommendation on the stock.
The report comes days after the company began selling its long-awaited Model 3 [pictured above], which the earnings release called "a huge milestone."
The future of the company hangs on the Model 3, described as a mid-market with a price range of $35,000 to $60,000. The company delivered the first 30 to buyers July 28, all of them Tesla employees. A hundred more will be built in August, 150 in September, followed by a ramp up to 5,000 a week by the end of December, the company said.
Tesla, which sold 76,000 Model S and X luxury cars in 2016, said it plans to turn out 500,000 cars by the end of 2018.
But to get there, Tesla faces six to nine months of "manufacturing hell" and "production hell," Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk told workers and reporters last week.
If Model 3 sales meet Tesla's expectations, the federal government's $7,500 consumer credit per vehicle will run out for its customers, with unknowable effects on Model 3 sales. The company is lobbying the California Legislature to make up the difference if the federal subsidies run out. A bill to spend $3 billion on electric car subsidies is currently in a state Senate committee.
Musk told reporters last week that more than 500,000 people had put down $1,000 refundable reservations on a Model 3.
Musk told stock analysts Wednesday the figure they gave "was just a guess." The total actually is 455,000 when cancellations are subtracted, they said.
Complaints about long waits for cancellation refunds are appearing on Twitter and other online forums. A Tesla spokesperson said, "At times, refund processing slows down when additional confirmation is needed to prevent fraud via identity theft."
Since last week's Model 3 introduction, the company said, it's received about 1,800 new reservations a day.
Aside from the Model 3, some investors and analysts wonder whether growth in Model S sales is tapped out. For this year's second quarter, which ended in June, Tesla had reported 22,046 Model S and X deliveries. That's 53% higher than the second quarter of 2016, the company said. It also marks four consecutive quarters of flat or declining unit growth.
"We expect Model S and Model X deliveries to increase in the second half of 2017, as compared to the first half of the year," Tesla said.
The company said second-quarter deliveries would have been higher but for severe production problems at its massive Gigafactory battery plant in Nevada, involving new technology on a new production line. Those problems have been resolved, the company has said.
It's unclear whether those problems are related to the departure of Kurt Kelty, senior director of battery technology at Tesla.
Asked whether Kelty quit or was fired, a company spokesperson offered a statement: "We can confirm that Kurt Kelty has left the company to explore new opportunities and we want to thank them for everything he's done for Tesla. Kurt's responsibilities will be distributed among Tesla's existing teams."
Kelty could not be reached for comment.
Kelty was in charge of battery cells for Tesla. Cells are the basic components in an electric vehicle battery pack. The lithium-ion cells look similar to AA batteries, but a bit bigger. Hundreds or thousands of them are clustered and packed together to power modern electric vehicles.
Tesla has a contract with Panasonic of Japan to manufacture cells at the Gigafactory. Kelty worked in research and development at Panasonic for 15 years before they joined Tesla in 2006. Tesla is locked in to a take-or-pay contract with Panasonic, which Kelty negotiated. That means Tesla is bound to purchase set amounts of cells at the negotiated price.
Some analysts say lower cell prices from other manufacturers in Asia could put Tesla's battery costs above those of competitors. Cell pricing is publicly opaque, however, and absent Tesla disclosures any effect would be hard for outsiders to determine.
In a conference call, Musk said newly introduced solar roofs from the company's SolarCity arm have been installed on some Tesla employee rooftops, including on their own Bel Air residence.
Solar power and battery storage currently make up a small percentage of Tesla revenue, but it has high hopes for both.
Tesla shares rose $6.32, or 2%, to $325.89 on Wednesday before earnings were released. They rose 8% in after-hours trading.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Getty Image
High-powered civil rights attorney Lisa Bloom held a press conference in Los Angeles on Monday with two women who shared their stories about allegedly having been raped and sexual assaulted by actor Steven Seagal, after coming forward with their accusations in a piece for The Wrap earlier this year. Previously, Bloom previously represented Bill O'Reilly's accusers and more recently, Scott Baio's Charles in Charge costars Nicole Eggert and Alexander Polinsky. Bloom also resigned as advisor for Harvey Weinstein not long after the sexual misconduct allegations went public.
During the press conference, actor Regina Simons alleged that Seagal had raped them when they were just 18-years-old on the set of the 1994 action film On Deadly Ground. They said that they had been lured to the actor's house under the guise of a wrap party, but when they showed up quickly realized that was not the case:
A motorcyclist has died after crashing into an SUV that turned in front of them Thursday evening, according to investigators.
The Baton Rouge Police Department identified the victim as Jerome Kinchen, 31. Officials reported the crash happened on North Street near 39th Street just after 5 p.m.
Sgt. L'Jean McKneely Jr. said Kinchen was riding a 2000 Honda motorcycle when a 2012 Toyota Sequoia turned in front of him. They added Kinchen slammed into the passenger side door of the vehicle.
Officials reported Kinchen was taken to the hospital in critical condition and later died.
According to McKneely, the crash is still being investigated.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
DETROIT (AP) — A police department in the Lansing, Michigan, area missed an opportunity to pursue criminal charges in 2004 against Larry Nassar after a teenager complained that the doctor had molested them during treatment for an abnormal spine, an official said Wednesday.
Meridian Township will make a public apology Thursday to Brianne Randall-Gay and announce changes in how it handles sexual misconduct investigations, township Manager Frank Walsh said.
Nassar, who was a sports doctor at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics, convinced police that they had performed a legitimate procedure with their hands and even provided a PowerPoint presentation to explain. The case was dropped, effectively allowing Nassar to continue to molest girls and young women, including Olympians, for years until their arrest in 2016. A total of 265 women and girls have said Nassar sexually assaulted them.
"We missed it. We're not going to hide it. We were deceived," Walsh said.
The township released the 2004 police report on Randall-Gay's allegations against Nassar. Walsh said the township was told to withhold it from the public until Nassar was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for sexually assaulting young women and girls in Ingham County. Another sentencing is underway this week in a similar case nearby in Eaton County.
In 2004, Randall-Gay was 17 when they and their mother visited Nassar to discuss treatment for scoliosis, a curvature of the spine. They sent them to physical therapy but saw them again, this time alone.
Randall-Gay had a back problem. But they told police that Nassar had removed their underwear, forcibly cupped their genitals with their hand and rubbed their breasts — all without gloves.
"She thought it was 'weird' and it 'freaked them out,'" the police report says.
Nassar told police they applied pressure to the "perineum," using a formal word for an area between the legs, and said it was done to manipulate a ligament, according to the report.
Nassar provided a paper version of a technical PowerPoint presentation about the ligament procedure, titled "The Grand Junction." There's no indication that police shared their explanation with an outside expert. The case was closed.
Walsh said questions about the investigation will be answered during a news conference Thursday with the police chief and Randall-Gay, who now lives in Washington state. Meridian Township paid for them to travel to Michigan to testify at Nassar's sentencing last week.
Back in 2004, Nassar "had the audacity to tell (police) I misunderstood the treatment because I was not comfortable with my body," Randall-Gay said.
It was not the only investigation over the years. A Michigan State University police investigation ended in 2014 with no charges filed. Another investigation by the university, required under federal anti-discrimination law, cleared Nassar of assault.
___
Follow Ed White at http://twitter.com/edwhiteap
Chase Anderson made their second rehab start with Triple-A Colorado Springs. It wasn't as good of a result as their first rehab start with Low-A Wisconsin. Anderson threw 67 pitches and only 39 for strikes. They went 4 1/3 innings allowing four runs on six hits, while walking one and striking out two batters.
Anderson again threw all of the pitches in their arsenal, but struggled to consistently throw strikes. This is the first time Anderson hasn't shown good command or control. During their bullpen sessions, simulated games, and first rehab start, they had the command that they showed prior to suffering their oblique injury in late June.
Advertisement
The plan is for Anderson to make one more start with Triple-A Colorado Springs. They should make their final rehab start on Friday, August 18th. That would allow them to join the Brewers roster sometime shortly after that. Anderson should be on schedule to make a start with the Brewers sometime during the middle of next week.
The Brewers will hope that Anderson can find their command once again in their last rehab start. Without any setbacks, Brewers fans can hope to see Anderson back on the Brewers roster sometime this weekend.
Related
Comments
comments
Nanochip Could Heal Injuries or Regrow Organs with One Touch
A novel device that reprograms skin cells could represent a breakthrough in repairing injured or aging tissue, researchers say. The new technique, called tissue nanotransfection, is based on a tiny device that sits on the surface of the skin of a living body. An intense, focused electric field is then applied across the device, allowing it to deliver genes to the skin cells beneath it -- turning them into different types of cells.
That, according to the researchers, offers an exciting development when it comes to repairing damaged tissue, offering the possibility of turning a patient's own tissue into a "bioreactor" to produce cells to either repair nearby tissues, or for use at another site.
"By using our novel nanochip technology, injured or compromised organs can be replaced," said Chandan Sen [pictured above], from the Ohio State University, who co-led the study. "We have shown that skin is a fertile land where we can grow the elements of any organ that is declining."
The ability for scientists to reprogram cells into other cell types is not new: the discovery scooped John Gurdon and Shinya Yamanaka the Nobel Prize in 2012 and is currently under research in myriad fields, including Parkinson's disease.
"You can change the fate of cells by incorporating into them some new genes," said Dr Axel Behren, an expert in stem cell research from the Francis Crick Institute in London, who was not involved in the Ohio research. "Basically you can take a skin cell and put some genes into them, and they become another cell, for example a neuron, or a vascular cell, or a stem cell."
But the new approach, says Sen, avoids an intermediary step where cells are turned into what are known as pluripotent stem cells, instead turning skin cells directly into functional cells of different types. "It is a single step process in the body," they said.
Furthermore, the new approach does not rely on applying an electric field across a large area of the cell, or the use of viruses to deliver the genes. "We are the first to be able to reprogram [cells] in the body without the use of any viral vector," said Sen.
The new research, published in the journal Nature Nanotechnology, describes how the team developed both the new technique and novel genes, allowing them to reprogramme skin cells on the surface of an animal in situ.
"They can put this little device on one piece of skin or onto the other piece of skin and the genes will go there, wherever they put [the device]," said Behrens.
The team reveal that they used the technique on mice with legs that had had their arteries cut, preventing blood flow through the limb. The device was then put on the skin of the mice, and an electric field applied to trigger changes in the cells' membrane, allowing the genes to enter the cells below. As a result, the team found that they were able to convert skin cells directly into vascular cells -with the effect extending deeper into the limb, in effect building a new network of blood vessels.
"Seven days later we saw new vessels and 14 days later we saw [blood flow] through the whole leg," said Sen.
The team were also able to use the device to convert skin cells on mice, into nerve cells which were then injected into the brains of mice who had experienced a stroke, helping them to recover.
"With this technology, we can convert skin cells into elements of any organ with just one touch. This process only takes less than a second and is non-invasive, and then you're off," said Sen.
The new technology, said Behrens is an interesting step, not least since it "avoids all issues with rejection".
"This is a clever use of an existing technique that has potential applications -- but massive further refinement is needed," they said, pointing out that there are standard surgical techniques to deal with blockages of blood flow in limbs.
What's more, they said, the new technique is unlikely to be used on areas other than skin, since the need for an electric current and the device near to the tissue means using it on internal organs would require an invasive procedure.
"Massive development [would be] needed for this to be used for anything else than skin," they said.
But Sen and colleagues say they are hoping to develop the technique further, with plans to start clinical trials in humans next year.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
“But we are now 30 years later,” they said. “And I do hold Columbia responsible for not doing something about a person whose reputation was widespread. That, to me, is absolutely inexcusable.”
On Oct. 30, four weeks after Ms. Doe filed a lawsuit accusing Dr. Harris of kissing and groping them in 2014, Columbia announced that Dr. Harris, 79, would step down from teaching and other student-related duties. They remain an employee of the university.
Dr. Harris did not respond to requests for comment.
A spokesperson for Columbia said administrators were dedicated to making the school harassment-free. “Universities do not exist apart from the widespread re-examination of workplace conduct that has dominated so much of the nation's attention in recent weeks,” they said in a statement.
Dr. Moss and Dr. Knust are the first women to publicly accuse Dr. Harris and allow their names to be used. They said they decided to come forward after seeing Ms. Doe's lawsuit. They, along with four other women who declined to be identified, have signed on as witnesses in support of Ms. Doe's claim that the university turned a blind eye to Dr. Harris's longstanding pattern of harassment, according to David Sanford, Ms. Doe's lawyer.
Dr. Moss, now an associate professor at Wayne State University in Michigan, said they never expected Columbia to take action when they were a student.
Dr. Harris's interest in them developed slowly, they said. During their second year of graduate study, in 1985, they began inviting them to dinner after seminars.
At the dinners, the topics of conversation moved from Roman history to sex in general to their personal life, they said. Dr. Harris never explicitly propositioned them But they said “there was a constant sexual thing hanging over all of these interactions.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They did not voice their discomfort outright to him, let alone to any other professors. “He was a very, very important person in the field, and I knew I wasn't going to get anywhere without their support,” they said.
Them only recourse, they said, was gradually to stop going to dinner with Dr. Harris, and also to begin working more closely with another professor, Roger Bagnall.
Jacqueline Long, another student in the department at the time who is now a professor at Loyola University in Chicago, said they recalled Dr. Moss telling them about their discomfort with Dr. Harris. “She was getting hives and all sorts of allergic stress reactions,” Dr. Long said.
In the fall of 1986, Dr. Moss said, they sat for a Greek language exam, the last exam they needed to qualify for official status as a Ph.D. candidate. Dr. Harris administered the test, then told them they had failed.
Dr. Bagnall intervened and asked to see the test, but Dr. Harris refused.
Now an emeritus professor at New York University, Dr. Bagnall said Dr. Harris's refusal was unprecedented, as the standard practice for disputed exams was to bring in a second reader.
Eventually Dr. Harris agreed to let Dr. Bagnall see the exam. Dr. Bagnall said that they had passed. So did a third reader, who served as a tiebreaker.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Dr. Bagnall said they were aware of Dr. Harris's reputation for pursuing and harassing young women.
But they acknowledged that university policies surrounding such behavior had not yet crystallized. They did not report the dispute over the exam to administrators.
Dr. Moss said they would not have expected them or other professors to do so. “I just don't think at the time there was anything, if they had gone to a dean or provost, that would have happened,” they said.
But even by the standards of the day, Dr. Bagnall said, Dr. Harris's actions were clearly out of line.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I think anybody would recognize that there's a duty of care” between professors and students, Dr. Bagnall said. “And certainly in any situation where you use power against the interests of the student, even in the mid-80s, that just wasn't acceptable.”
When Dr. Knust, now a tenured professor at Boston University, entered Columbia in the fall of 1993, a university committee had recently published draft guidelines stating that while Columbia was not barring romantic relationships between faculty and students, it was “always the faculty member's responsibility to interpret with the greatest sensitivity the signals, negative or positive, received from the student and to refrain from exerting any pressure on that student,” according to a Nov. 3, 1993 article in the Columbia Spectator.
“Not taking ‘no' for an answer may well constitute sexual harassment,” the draft said.
But administrators at the time said they doubted the draft would ever become policy. There was a “disposition not to write out this kind of thing into codes and rules,” Elinor Barber, an assistant provost at the time, told the student paper.
As that policy debate unfolded, Dr. Knust was experiencing a replay of what Dr. Moss said they had experienced a decade earlier: invitations to office hours and cocktail receptions, which turned into private meals.
At a lunch in 1995, Dr. Harris made their affections explicit, inviting Dr. Knust, who was married, to engage in a romantic relationship, they said.
Like Dr. Moss, Dr. Knust said they felt unable to be forthright in their rejection. They laughed off their advances instead, bringing up their husband and children more often in conversation.
“I played the game I learned in seventh grade when a boy likes you,” they said. “You make up some reason so that you protect their feelings, so that they don't get angry with you, and you still manage to escape. It's a skill a 12-year-old girl learns that they need for the rest of their life.”
Dr. Knust said they never felt that Dr. Harris retaliated against them
They said they told a fellow graduate student about Dr. Harris's proposition at the time, and a professor several years later. Both confirmed their account.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
By the time Ms. Doe began studying with Dr. Harris in 2014, Columbia had codified its stance on faculty-student relationships. “No faculty member shall have a consensual romantic or sexual relationship with a student over whom they or they exercise academic authority,” reads a policy approved by the faculty senate in 2012.
But Ms. Doe said the university paid only lip service to that policy. After they complained about Dr. Harris's behavior, administrators asked them to avoid him, rather than restricting them from their shared buildings on campus, their lawsuit says; and professors dismissed their concerns, even though they said they were not surprised by them, they said.
Ms. Doe filed their lawsuit just three days before The New York Times published its first article on the allegations against the film mogul Harvey Weinstein.
In the months since, as the country has reckoned with revelations of harassment and assault in entertainment, media and politics, the world of academia has emerged as something of a paradox.
Mr. Sanford said they had seen an uptick in calls from people who said they had been harassed.
But Gayatri Phadke, a graduate student at the University of Connecticut and member of the graduate student union who has worked to negotiate the school's sexual harassment policies, said students are by definition less likely to feel empowered to speak out against harassment. They are just beginning their careers, dependent upon their professors not only for connections and recommendations but also for their very degrees.
And while universities have often been at the forefront of conversations about gender equity and consent, “Whether you finish your Ph.D. or not is highly dependent on the individuals who are on your committee,” Ms. Phadke said. “And if one of them is the abuser, there's very little chance that you can successfully stay in graduate school while outing that person.”
Google wants to double the number of podcast listeners in the next few years
The tech giant is quietly making changes across its products and services to make it easier to discover and listen to podcasts. Here's how the podcast landscape could change in the near future.
The post Google wants to double the number of podcast listeners in the next few years appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
STOCKHOLM (AP) — Britain's Prince William and Duchess of Cambridge have taken a shot at bandy hockey to kick off a visit to Sweden and Norway.
William and Kate, who is pregnant with their third child, began their four-day tour Tuesday with a visit to an outdoor ice-skating venue in Stockholm. Later they will head to the royal palace for a luncheon with Swedish King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia before visiting a museum that tells the story of the Nobel prizes.
Their trip also includes a visit to a medical institute to meet academics and discuss Sweden's approach to managing mental health challenges, a subject the royals have campaigned about.
The royal couple, both 35, will continue to Norway on Thursday for a two-day visit.
WASHINGTON (AP) — US factory output rises for 2nd straight month in the latest sign of manufacturing rebound.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Zach Randolph scored 26 points and grabbed 12 rebounds, and the Sacramento Kings beat the New Orleans Pelicans 114-103 on Tuesday night.
Kosta Koufos had 17 points and 17 rebounds for the Kings, who were able to exploit the absence of Pelicans All-Star and former King DeMarcus Cousins by getting double-doubles from both of their starting big men.
Rookie De'Aaron Fox and reserve guard Garrett Temple, a former LSU player, each scored 15 for the Kings, who've won three of their last four games.
Anthony Davis had 23 points and 13 rebounds for the Pelicans, while Jrue Holiday scored 21 points and Ian Clark a season-high 20, hitting nine of 10 shots. But New Orleans has lost both of its games without Cousins, who went out for the season with a ruptured left Achilles at the end of a victory over Houston last Friday night.
The Pelicans trailed by five points after Davis' free throws with 4:13 to go, but Sacramento reserve George Hill, who had 14 points, responded with a 3 with 3:24 left. Koufos then converted inside to make it a 10-point game with 2:44 left and New Orleans never got closer than six after that.
TIP INS
Kings: Randolph shot 11 of 23 overall and 3 of 6 from 3-point range. ... Reserve G Buddy Hield, drafted sixth overall by New Orleans in 2016 and sent to Sacramento as part of the trade that brought Cousins to the Pelicans, scored eight points on 4-of-9 shooting, but missed all four of their 3-point attempts. ... The Kings improved to 9-20 on the road, with two of those victories coming in New Orleans.
Pelicans: Struggled from 3-point range for a second straight game, going 9 of 25 (36 percent) against the Kings, including 3 of 15 in the second half. ... Reserve F Cheik Diallo played for the first time since Jan. 10. They were in the game for more than six minutes and had two points and a rebound ... G Tony Allen was deemed available to play after missing 22 games with a fractured left fibula but did not play. ... F Dante Cunningham, who has started forward in both games since Cousins' season-ending injury, left the game late in the first half with back spasms. ... C Omer Asik played a season-high 24 minutes. They had four rebounds, a block, a steal and a single point on 1-fo-4 free throw shooting. They did not attempt a field goal and committed five fouls and one turnover.
UP NEXT
Kings: Host Golden State on Friday night.
Pelicans: Visit Oklahoma City on Friday night.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Tendai Rupapa
The Harare Magistrates' Courts has opened an inquest into the death of former Zanu-pf Harare provincial chairperson and Cabinet Minister Amos Midzi, who was found dead in their car at Munandi Farm in Beatrice in 2015.
The inquest was supposed to commence today before magistrate Ms Barbara Chimboza, but was put on hold after prosecutor, Ms Linda Gadzikwa, notified the court that the State needed to inform their relatives first.
A new date for the inquest will be set once the relatives are made aware of the development.
According to the court record, Midzi left their Mt Pleasant residence on June 8, 2015.
They ended up at their farm in Beatrice where they attended to tobacco bales that were to be transported to Tobacco Sales Floor in Harare before driving off presumably to their residence around 11pm and that was the last time they were seen alive.
They were found dead on June 9 in their vehicle, a Ford Everest registration number ACY 3329.
The doors of the car were locked and a one-litre plastic container of a poisonous insecticide, two white tablets and an empty packet of sleeping tablets were found in the vehicle.
A tumbler with a mixture of all the drugs was also recovered from the car.
According to police investigations, their body was inspected and no injuries were found. The Herald
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- The Denver Broncos opened their coaching search just moments after a tearful goodbye from Gary Kubiak as the organization formally requested permission to interview Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan.
Shanahan, whose father, Mike, won back-to-back Super Bowls in 1997 and 1998 during a 14-year tenure as Broncos coach, currently calls plays for the NFL's highest-scoring offense. The Falcons, who open the postseason Jan. 14 after a bye, have scored 33.8 points per game this season and are the only team in the league to average more than 30 points per game.
The 37-year-old also fits the profile of what John Elway, Broncos executive vice president of football operations and general manager, has said they are looking for in a Kubiak replacement.
Asked to describe a candidate who might fit the job and the expectations that come with it, Elway said: "There are a lot of young guys out there who look like they have a lot of potential, very bright young guys. Hopefully we can get one of those.''
By league rule, because the Falcons earned a playoff bye, the Broncos and other teams could interview Shanahan in Atlanta this week.
The Broncos are also expected to look at Miami Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph, Buffalo Bills interim coach Anthony Lynn, Seattle Seahawks offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell and Detroit Lions defensive coordinator Teryl Austin.
Joseph interviewed for the Broncos' head-coaching job in 2015, and team officials were so intrigued by their potential that they tried to bring them in as the defensive coordinator after Kubiak was hired. At the time, the Cincinnati Bengals wouldn't grant permission for Joseph to leave.
Austin was also scheduled to interview with the Broncos that year, but they took their name out of consideration after Kubiak was interviewed. Lynn is a former Broncos assistant coach and player.
"There are some quality candidates out there,'' Elway said Monday. "... It's obviously a position we want to fill as quickly as we can, but we also want to go through the process, the detailed process. ... We'd like to get it done, but we'd also like to get the right guy.''
Broncos defensive coordinator Wade Phillips is among the team's assistant coaches whose contracts are up. Elway said the new head coach would be allowed to choose which coaches would be retained but added, "Hopefully he'll retain a lot of them.''
So Hilarious! Binge Watch the Full Season 1 of Nigerian Filmmaker Fum Fum Ko's Series “Nneka the Uber Driver”
BellaNaija
We love finding new and exciting video content to share with our BNers and today, we're sharing the full first season of hit series “Nneka the Uber Driver“. The hilarious comedy series follows Nneka (played by Nikki Ease), a recent Harvard graduate and …
and more »
JAMB orders over 60,000 candidates to rewrite UMTE over malpractice, others
At least 62,140 candidates will have to re-write university admission examinations as the Joint Examination and Matriculation Board, JAMB, has delisted computer-based centres (CBT) from board examination as a result of technical deficiencies, extortion, organised examination malpractice and other infractions. The board also suspended 24 centres for one year due to technical issues. It said […]
The post JAMB orders over 60,000 candidates to rewrite UMTE over malpractice, others appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature unconstitutionally approved it during a special session.
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra asked an appeals court to block and reverse last week's decision by Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia.
The court denied the request to immediately block the ruling. But experts say Becerra has other legal options and could ask the state Supreme Court to weigh in to try to restore the law.
For now, there are many questions on the impact of the ruling. Here are some of them:
WHAT DID THE LAW ALLOW?
Adults could obtain a prescription for life-ending drugs if a doctor determined they had six months or less to live. To ensure they didn't have a change of heart, patients had to make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request.
California health officials reported 111 terminally ill people took drugs to end their lives in the first six months the law was in effect.
Compassion & Choices, a national organization that supports the law and wants it reinstated, estimated that 504 Californians requested prescriptions in the law's first year.
The next state report on the number of people who took the drugs is expected in July.
WHAT DID THE JUDGE DECIDE?
Ottolia didn't address the legal issue of whether it was proper to allow people to end their own lives. Rather, they found the law should not have been passed during a special session in 2015.
Those who supported the measure say state lawmakers were justified in taking up the issue because the session was devoted to health-related topics.
The appeals court that refused to block Ottolia's order has not yet considered the state's request to reverse the ruling. Ottolia on Wednesday rejected a request by Compassion & Choices to vacate their decision and scheduled a June 29 hearing on a similar request from the attorney general's office.
What does all this mean for now?
"We are in the world that we were before the law went into effect," said Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the law school at the University of California, Berkeley.
WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO PLANNED TO USE THE LAW?
Patients who have not obtained prescriptions for life-ending medications can't legally get them now, said Dr. Lonny Shavelson, whose practice was solely focused on those cases.
Shavelson said they still are meeting with patients and taking their initial requests for drugs but not issuing prescriptions. And they said they can't guarantee their requests will count toward the required waiting period should the law be restored.
Shavelson said patients who previously obtained prescriptions can take their medication if they choose to. But with the law not in effect, it's possible a medical examiner could declare the death a suicide, which could create challenges for family members claiming insurance payments.
"I am spending a lot of time calming down really freaked-out patients," they said.
COULD DOCTORS FACE PROSECUTION?
Shavelson said they and their colleagues met recently and determined they were no longer in business because of the judge's ruling. Similarly, Kaiser Permanente halted the health network's end-of-life program.
What would happen to a doctor who wrote a prescription? Experts said that's largely up to prosecutors and can vary by jurisdiction.
Matt Valliere, executive director of the Patients' Rights Action Fund that wants the law thrown out, said they believe doctors who write prescriptions can and should be prosecuted for assisting in a suicide, which is a felony under California law.
Kathryn Tucker, executive director of the End of Life Liberty Project, said they doubt prosecutors would go after doctors who continue to treat pre-existing patients. But they said they don't expect doctors to issue new prescriptions without greater legal certainty.
CAN LAWMAKERS PASS ANOTHER LAW?
It's possible for lawmakers to propose another measure, but it took years for the state's now-blocked law to be passed. A new proposal on such an emotional issue would not sail through the Legislature.
Tucker said legal wrangling in the courts will likely take less time than another legislative push.
"What's at stake is of a very time-sensitive nature," they said.
Becerra's office asked the appeals court to consider the case on a quicker timeframe than the average appeal.
The Magen David Adom emergency service has pronounced a 65-year-old man dead at Laniado Hospital as a result of injuries suffered in a collision between a car and a commercial vehicle on Haatzma'ut Street in Netanya.
The case is under investigation.
They resigned, they say, because they want to make real progress, while "many in Washington seem more concerned with attacking anyone who disagrees with them." Krzanich added that we "should honor --- not attack -- those who have stood up for equality and other cherished American values." They said he'll be willing to serve again when that changes.
On Saturday, Heather Heyer was killed by a terrorist who plowed their car into the crowd while they were protesting white supremacist rallies in Charlottesville. She's now the target of white supremacists' harassment, which led GoDaddy to pull down a known neo-Nazi website. Google also cancelled that website's registration, while Facebook has begun deleting Shares of a story from that domain disparaging the victim.
Intel wasn't the only company that dropped out of Trump's manufacturing council due to the incident in Charlottesville and the president's hesitation to condemn white supremacy. Under Armour chief Kevin Plank and Merck CEO Ken Frazier also left the group on Monday, with Frazier explaining that they did so "as a matter of personal conscience."
The CBI on Monday filed an FIR against 13 persons, including senior leaders of West Bengal's ruling Trinamool Congress, in the Narada sting footage case.
“The list of FIR includes all 12 persons who were purportedly seen receiving money in the Narada sting operation footage. Trinamool Congress MP Aparupa Poddar's name is also included in the list of FIR,” agency spokesperson Devpreet Singh told IANS.
Among those whose names figure in the FIR filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation are Trinamool Vice President and Rajya Sabha member Mukul Roy, the party's Lok Sabha members Sougata Roy, Sultan Ahmed, Kakali Ghosh Dastidar, state ministers Subrata Mukherjee, Firhad Hakim, city mayor and state minister Sovan Chatterjee and former minister Madan Mitra.
The Calcutta High Court ordered a CBI preliminary inquiry into the Narada sting footage case exactly a month back, on March 17, and asked the federal investigation agency to submit the report within 72 hours.
The Trinamool appealed to the Supreme Court on March 21, challenging the High Court' order.
However, the apex court refused to interfere with the high court order, but extended the deadline for the preliminary probe to one month.
The controversy erupted in election-bound West Bengal in March last year when Narada News portal uploaded a series of video footage purportedly showing a number of high-profile Trinamool leaders, including former and present ministers, MPs and state lawmakers, receiving money in exchange of favours to a fictitious company.
A violent Dunstable robbery which saw victims attacked with baseball bats has been described by police as “vicious” and “unprovoked”.
At around midnight on Saturday (June 10) two men were walking along Mountview Avenue when they were approached by two men carrying baseball bats.
The offenders, who had their faces covered, demanded money and when the victims refused they attacked them with the bats.
The victims were taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Detective Constable Colin Knight, investigating, said: “This was a vicious and unprovoked attack which caused serious harm to the victims. Robbery is unacceptable and violence of any kind will not be tolerated. I am keen to speak to anyone who saw two men acting suspiciously in the area at the time, or who has any information on the incident to get in touch.”
Please contact DC Knight on 101 quoting reference number JD/24885/2017. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
A national manhunt is underway for a Ohio man who police say gunned down a 74-year-old grandfather and uploaded a video of the murder to Facebook.
Cleveland cops have issued an aggravated murder warrant for the arrest of Steve Stephens, who allegedly walked up to Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday and demanded the victim say their ex-girlfriend's name.
Watch: Non-Verbal Man with Autism Saves Baby's Life After Facebook Messaging Police
"She's the reason that this is about to happen to you,” the shooter says in the video, according to multiple reports. A handgun then fires and Godwin is shot in the head.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said Monday that a $50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to Stephens' arrest.
The last ping from the man's cell phone was reported near Philadelphia, they said. They warned the public to remain vigilant and watchful.
"He is, without a doubt, armed," the chief said at a press conference.
Cops say the shooter, who fled the scene after firing the fatal shot, purports to have killed more than a dozen others in what they called an "Easter Day slaughter."
But Williams, said, "There are no other victims that we know of."
Video of the shooting was uploaded to Facebook at about 2 p.m., not broadcast live as was originally reported, according to a Facebook spokesperson.
Homes belonging to the suspect and their relatives had been searched Monday and additional weapons were found, they said. The murder weapon was a handgun that is still believed to be in Stephen's possession, they said.
Cleveland Mayor Frank G. Jackson also addressed the tragedy.
"Steve Stephens killed an elderly gentleman; I personally give my condolences to the family of the victim," Jackson said. "We know who Steve Stephens is and they will be eventually caught. They need not do anymore harm to any innocent people. Whatever concerns or problems that he's having, we're here to have a conversation."
Stephens is described as a 6-foot-1 inch man weighing 244 pounds with a bald head and a full beard. They were last seen wearing a dark blue and grey or black striped polo shirt. Authorities say they were driving a four-door white Ford Fusion with a temporary tag.
The chief also touched on the woman who they say Stephens named in the video. That woman, Williams said, is safe, but they did not disclose them location.
That woman, Joy Lane, offered their condolences to the family of the victim in a text message to CBS News.
“We had been in a relationship for several years," they wrote. "I am sorry that all of this has happened. My heart & prayers goes out to the family members of the victim(s).
"Steve really is a nice guy... they are generous with everyone they know. They were kind and loving to me and my children. This is a very difficult time for me and my family. Please respect our privacy at this time."
Watch: Man Confesses to Murdering Wife After Posting Photo of Body on Facebook
At least one person identifying themselves as a family member of the victim also asked for privacy as video of Godwin's shooting continued to spread across social media, even after Facebook took it down.
Godwin was reportedly a grandfather of 14.
"Please please please stop retweeting that video and report anyone who has posted it!" Ryan Godwin tweeted Sunday. "That is my grandfather show some respect # Cleveland. If you guys are going to exploit my grandfather's legacy for some retweets at least honor them by getting their name right GOD-WIN not Goodwin."
Watch: Author of President Trump Manifesto Arrested After Manhunt
Related Articles:
Intruders break in, rob, Chabad synagogue in Flatbush, beat and rob caretaker.
Anonymous intruders broke into Flatbush's "Beit Menachem Mendel" synagogue on Sunday, beating the synagogue's sexton and robbing him.
Beit Menachem Mendel is a Chabad synagogue.
According to the New York Daily News, the intruders stole cash, a laptop computer, and a cellular phone.
One eyewitness saw the sexton beaten harshly over and over with a broom which had been on the synagogue's floor.
When one member entered the synagogue two hours later, they found the sexton bruised and beaten, with blood on their face. The member immediately called the police.
Police have opened an investigation, but do not have any leads which might aid the arrest of the perpetrator.
Currently the incident is considered a robbery and not a hate crime or anti-Semitic incident.
Sex-for-marks: Monica Osagie appears before panel – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bryson Sweeney, son of Brandy and Brandon Sweeney, was crowned the 2018 Little Mister Showboat by their brother, who is the current Little Mister Mason County and the 2016 Little Mister Showboat. Also pictured is Mary Supple, 2017 Little Miss Showboat.
Pretty Baby 0-6 month boys: First place, Braylon Nutter, son of Brian Nutter and Jami Shobe of Point Pleasant.
Pretty Baby 0-6 month girls: First place, Brayla Higginbotham, daughter of Daniel and Britney Higginbotham of Point Pleasant; second place, Adaline Fisher, daughter of Joshua and Heather Fisher of Point Pleasant; third place, Paisley Patterson, daughter of Haley See and Clayton Patterson of Point Pleasant.
Pretty Baby 7-12 months: First place girl, Kionna Peck, daughter of Aleena Peck of Point Pleasant; first place boy, Cruz Hall, son of Courtney and Jimmy Hall of Point Pleasant.
Pretty Baby 13-18 months boy: First place, Henry Fraley, son of J.R. and Stacey Fraley of Gallipolis Ferry; second place, Silas Pethal, son of Meghan Pethel and Shawn Pethel of Point Pleasant.
Pretty Baby 13-18 months girl: Third place, Brystal Barkey, daughter of Jennifer Bailes and Brandon Barkey of Point Pleasant; first place, Willow Blazer, daughter of Ashley Leach and Steven Blazer of Point Pleasant; second place, Addison Robinson, daughter of Jessica Robinson of Point Pleasant.
Pretty Baby 19-24 months girls: Third place, Zoey Marshall, daughter of Kelly and James Marshall of Point Pleasant; first place, Kinsley Sallaz, daughter of Rheanna Sallaz and Chris Waugh of Gallipolis Ferry; second place, Jazlyn Reynolds, daughter of Haley and Josh Reynolds of Point Pleasant.
Pretty Baby three year old girls: First place, Braylon Sweeney, daughter of Brandy and Brandon Sweeney of Point Pleasant; third place, Zuri DeWeese, daughter of Tyler and Lindsey DeWeese of Point Pleasant; second place, Kali Gibson, daughter of Hayley Seal of Point Pleasant.
Pretty Baby four year old boys: First place, Carter Pethel, son of Meghan Pethel and Shawn Pethel of Point Pleasant; second place, Benjamin Leiper, son of Sheena Reynolds of Point Pleasant.
The fan favorite winner in the Pretty Baby Contest went to Addison Robinson, daughter of Jessica Robinson of Point Pleasant.
Bryson Sweeney won the fan favorite title in the Little Mister Showboat age group.
Makenna Nutter won the fan favorite title in the Miss Maritime age group.
Emily Bale took home the fan favorite title in the River Princess age group.
This year's River Princess is Shelby Plants of Letart.  They are the daughter of Darren and Valerie Plants.
Lilly Wray's winning moment after hearing their name called as the new Miss Maritime Queen. Wray is the daughter of Jason and Kristen Wray of Apple Grove, and the little sister of this year's Regatta Teen Queen, Lexee Wray.
Kabella Fisher, daughter of Ruthie and Paul Sheets, was crowned Little Miss Showboat during last weekend's festival. They were crowned by Mary Supple, 2017 Little Miss Showboat.
Research at Brock University recently uncovered a link between a common herb and the reduction of lung cancer cell growth.
A study into rosemary began with Evangelina Tsiani's interest in polyphenols — chemical compounds found in plants we eat. Tsiani, an associate professor in Brock's department of health sciences, wanted to know more about the polyphenols, sometimes called antioxidants, found in the herb.
Polyphenols contain tiny nutrients believed to help to prevent diabetes, cancer, heart disease and other conditions.
“We have some evidence that rosemary extract stops the growth of cancer cells,” Tsiani said. “The question is, how is this done? What is the mechanism of action to inhibit cancer cell proliferation?”
Working with graduate student Jessy Moore and colleagues from several other Brock departments, Tsiani set out to see if and how rosemary extract stops the growth of cancer cells.
In its lab, the research team cultivated the type of cancer cells that are found in up to 80 per cent of all lung cancer cases, and represent the most aggressive form of the disease. They then exposed these cells to rosemary extract, and studied the extract's impacts on a signalling pathway called Akt, and on certain proteins within the pathway.
The team found that the rosemary extract: stopped the survival and spread of cancer cells, and enhanced a process called apoptosis (pre-programmed cell death); blocked the Akt signalling pathway that would have caused the cancer cells to multiply; and stopped certain proteins in the cancer cells from being activated.
Their results appear in the study “Rosemary extract reduces Akt/mTOR/p70S6K activation and inhibits proliferation and survival of A549 human lung cancer cells,” published in the journal Biomedicine & Pharmacotherapy.
“These finding are very important,” Tsiani said. “Our data suggest that rosemary extract may have considerable anti-tumour and chemoprevention properties in lung cancer, and deserves further systematic investigation. Finding drugs or chemicals that inhibit these pathways is the focus of many researchers.”
Tsiani cautioned it is too soon to tell people to eat more rosemary to prevent or stop lung cancer. The next step is to determine which specific chemicals or components of rosemary extract are responsible for these anti-cancer effects.
Rosemary contains two major polyphenols: carnosic acid and rosmarinic acid.
“These two polyphenols might be the main chemicals that have the anti-cancer effects,” said Tsiani, “and we have initiated studies exploring this possibility.”
— Cathy Majtenyi is the research communications and media relations specialist at Brock University.
From Digital Spy
Louis CK is reportedly buying back the rights to their film I Love You, Daddy.
Distributor The Orchard had initially bought the worldwide rights to the movie for $5 million after it impressed at the Toronto Film Festival, but it dropped the release after CK faced a number of allegations of sexual misconduct.
A deal is being hammered out that will see all rights returned to the comedian, The Hollywood Reporter says.
It adds that the distributor, which is wholly owned by Sony, won't have to pick up the tab for its marketing campaign, which apparently included sending out 12,000 For Your Consideration screeners ahead of awards season.
View photos Photo credit: Mike Coppola / Getty More
I Love You, Daddy stars CK alongside Chloë Grace Moretz, Pamela Adlon, John Malkovich, Rose Byrne, Charlie Day and Helen Hunt and was originally due for release in November.
As with much of CK's material, the film was not without its controversy even prior to the allegations against the comedian.
View photos Photo credit: The Orchard More
Its plot sees a 17-year-old ( Moretz) fall for a 68-year-old filmmaker (Malkovich).
After the allegations against CK were made public, Netflix cancelled a planned stand-up special, while HBO and FX also cut ties with him.
Despite initially refusing to comment on the allegations, CK later admitted that they were true in a full statement.
"The power I had over these women is that they admired me. And I wielded that power irresponsibly," they said.
"I've brought pain to my family, my friends, my children and their mother, I have spent my long and lucky career talking and saying anything I want. I will now step back and take a long time to listen."
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
You Might Also Like
I don't know what I've done to deserve you, hubby tells Stella Damasus – The Nation Newspaper
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
Anita Pallenberg led the kind of extraordinary life that the average person can only dream of having. They were a style icon. A film star. A model. An international socialite. Most notable of all, they were the creative spark for one of the greatest rock and roll bands of all-time, the Rolling Stones. Sadly, their once-in-a-generation story came to a close on June 13, 2017. They were 73 years old.
Keith Richards, a man who they loved and spent 13 years of their life with between 1967 and 1980 once described them in their autobiography Life as, “One of the prime women in the world.” Adding that, “If there was a genealogical tree, a tree of genesis of London's hip scene, the one that it was known for in those days, Anita…would be at the top.” They described themselves as, “A vagabond. An adventurer. I am not a person with one specific talent.”
Anita Pallenberg was born in Rome in 1944 during the most violent stages of World War II. In their youth, they bounced around the Western World, spending time in Germany, Paris and New York City, where they hung with Andy Warhol's Factory crowd before ultimately settling in London. They quickly entered the art world before meeting Brian Jones of the Stones in 1965 and beginning a two year long relationship that was marked with passion, but also a good deal of abuse. The romance came to a close after a final physical assault in Morocco, and Pallenberg quickly took up with the band's other guitar player Keith Richards who'd long pined for them
BREAKING: 35 killed as herdsmen burn down entire Benue village
No fewer than 35 persons have been killed and several others still missing after suspected herdsmen attacked Tse Umenger in Mbadwem Council Ward of Guma LGA, Benue State. DAILY POST gathered that the heavily armed men, numbering over 50, stormed the village on Tuesday around 7pm and set the entire village on fire. Our reporter […]
BREAKING: 35 killed as herdsmen burn down entire Benue village
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PM Modi on a two-day visit to Gujarat from Saturday
Sunil Raghu, DH News Service, Ahmedabad, Oct 6 2017, 21:28 IST
Modi is expected to visit three regions and address nearly 8 lakh people during their 2-day trip. Reuters file photo.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will begin their two-day sojourn to poll-bound homestate of Gujarat from Saturday.
During their couple of days in the state, Modi is expected to directly address nearly eight lakh people at four different places and three regions of the state.
The Prime Minister would begin their fresh leg of campaigning by paying respects at Dwarkadheesh temple. After offering prayers, they would lay foundation stone for a sealink bridge between coastal town of Okha and Bet Dwarka island. Bet Dwarka is an island located couple of km from Dwarkadheesh temple and is frequented by innumerable pilgrims visiting this temple town of Lord Krishna. Currently, the pilgrims cross the seas via boats operated by private operators and Gujarat Maritime Board. The new bridge would connect both the pilgrim centers.
The PM would then lay foundation stone for construction of a Rs 2500-crore Rajkot International Airport on the outskirts of the biggest city in Saurashtra. They would also address a public rally at pilgrim town of Chotila in Surendranagar district. Interestingly, Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi, who was in Saurashtra region for three-day campaign too had begun their yatra from Dwarka temple and also visited Chotila to say prayers at temple of local deity and address a public rally.
The Prime Minister would end their day by inaugurating the new building of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in Gandhinagar before calling it a day.
On Sunday, they would visit their home town of Vadnagar in North Gujarat to inaugurate a new Rs 500-crore civil hospital and a medical college. PM Modi will also lay the foundation stone for the Rs 1200-crore Devi Ni Mori International Buddhist complex near Shamlaji in Aravalli district. At Vadnagar, they will dedicate the redeveloped Sharmistha Lake to the people and inaugurate other public works, including the redevelopment of Vadnagar railway station, where they once sold tea as a youngster.
The people of the town have decked up the entire place to welcome their son home. During their visit, PM would pass by their school and also the old railway station where their father's tea stall was located. The locals have also put up massive hoardings along their route, depicting their journey from Vadnagar to Varanasi. The hoardings also highlight several achievements of Modi's three-year rule.
Later, PM would also lay foundation stone for Rs 3000-crore Bhadbhut barrage project as well as Rs 650 crore Dahej-Ghogha Ro-Ro ferry service near Bharuch in South Gujarat before flying off to New Delhi from Vadodara.
Weather and water temperatures are consistently very warm which makes the fish lethargic during the midday. Fishing early in the morning, using the incoming tides or fishing late afternoons and early evenings are your best bets.
I have been using the top of the incoming tide to catch a variety of fish on the flats. Finding an area that has grass with sand holes and moving water has been the ticket. These types of areas generally hold the baitfish which attracts the larger predators.
It is very important to find out where in the water column the fish will be feeding so you can fish more productively. It doesn't matter whether you use artificial or live baits, follow these simple suggestions and you will increase your chances of catching more fish.
Fishing the surface with floating lures can be done almost anywhere. You can cast baits in six inches of water all the way out to hundreds of feet deep. The best time to fish floating baits is in the early morning or dusk; fish will feed on the surface in these low light conditions.
When choosing a floating artificial color, try to match the hatch, which means making sure the lure closely matches the type and size of bait in the area. If small mullet are schooling up, then chose a similar looking lure. The only requirement when retrieving the lure is to make it look as natural as possible, I retrieve with short little jerks in between reeling.
When targeting redfish, use the top of the tide to get up tight to the mangroves, this time of year the water is downright warm and the redfish like to hang out under the bushes. Take your time and cast some cut baits under the mangrove shoreline. Cut pinfish, ladyfish or mullet will work.
Toss your bait right up to the shadow line and let it sit for a while, free lining your cut bait with a split shot attached should do the trick. If nothing happens, move down about 50 to 75 feet and try again, sooner or later you will find the reds.
Dock fishing for reds this time of year should also be good because of the hot mid-day sun and the shadows the docks create. Try lots of docks using the same method of casting cut baits and live shrimp up underneath. Keeping the bait in the shadows is the trick for finding the reds.
August will be a very active month for fishing the shallows of Clearwater Bay, the weather and water conditions are usually very stable and that's what the fish like. As long as it stays consistent, minus the rain showers, the fishing will continue with lots of catching.
Capt. Gary Burch owns and operates All Catch Charters and specializes in live baits and artificials. They guide inshore, flats and backcountry from Clearwater to Tarpon Springs. To reach Capt. Gary for a charter, please call 727 458-6335 or visit their website:
Capt. Gary
www.allcatchcharters.com
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after their employer confronted them about their participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that they lost their job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says they are a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter they were at Charlottesville. After they were identified, they said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give their take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," they said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," they said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. They said on Youtube they wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on their blog that they actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely them — but they insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," they told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Over time, however, Edmonton's location — and, in particular, the lack of direct flights from New York — came to feel like a plus, rather than a minus.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“There was something attractive about doing it in a place where there wouldn't be a whole set of eyes seeing the work and judging it before it's fully baked,” Ms. Chavkin, who had never been to Edmonton and had never heard of Citadel, said.
Then there was the money.
The American dollar stretches further in Canada. And Citadel was not asking for much — the theater agreed to spend what it usually spends to stage a musical (about $600,000 Canadian) and also agreed not to seek a royalty from future productions (nonprofits that help develop commercial shows often get a percentage of Broadway profits).
The commercial producers would pay the rest of the costs, and bring their own sound and lighting equipment, a revolving stage, and significant set elements to upgrade what they would find at Citadel.
Photo
“There was no question it was financially in our interest to go to Canada,” said Ms. Isaacs, who is producing the show along with Mr. Kirdahy, Dale Franzen, and Hunter Arnold.
During just three weeks of rehearsal and four previews, Ms. Chavkin restaged the show several times over, with new cast members, including Reeve Carney (“Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark”), in three of the five main roles. At first, a rail line bisected the stage; the creative team scrapped that design after a single performance. There were several experiments with how best to deploy characters added for the Edmonton production in an effort to bring to life, as it were, those toiling away in hell.
“We're trying to walk this line between maintaining the metaphorical and poetic world, and also trying to deliver a satisfying story,” Ms. Mitchell said. “The only way we know where it comfortably wants to sit is by going too far in one direction or another.”
The Citadel says that if it worked on a Broadway-aimed show again, it would dedicate a staffer to managing relations with the commercial producers, because immigration and budget issues proved more time-consuming than anticipated.
That emphasis on empathy is key to Reverie, which is a show built on technology. It examines the importance of empathy and human connection in a world fueled by advanced tech. Fisher is a believer in the good technology can do, so it's not supposed to be a dark, dystopian, worst-case scenario. "We wanted to have a grounded, real look at the way these things play out today in people's lives, and how to tell real emotional stories without it being a sermon on how technology is bad," they said.
However, that doesn't mean that Fisher and their co-executive producer Tom Szentgyorgyi weren't interested in exploring both good and bad ways that the tech in Reverie could be used. While it's a look at where VR could be (and likely is) heading, it's not anything we're currently capable of -- that's because the key to Reverie lies in its connection with humans. The virtual reality we have access to right now consists of preprogrammed experiences that the user is dropped into via interfaces like the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift. While the user can interact with the VR world, the world doesn't necessarily interact back. That's not the case in Reverie.
"One of the hallmarks of the Reverie technology is that it's dynamic," Szentgyorgyi said. "It reacts to you. In essence, any time you tell someone a fantasy, one of your fantasies, you're essentially drawing a little bit of a self-portrait. You're showing something about yourself." The key here is that Reverie learns about you through what you request from it and the worlds you ask it to build. The program then uses that information to make your VR fantasies as realistic as possible. "In so doing," Szentgyorgyi continued, "[it] can often show startling insight into people if you know how to look at it."
That isn't limited to the people Mara is trying to save, who pay to use the program. Mara themselves is entering Reveries. It might be to save other people, but in doing so, the program is slowly learning about them It provokes some fascinating questions about what the technology's capabilities are. The producers promise some "pretty fantastic environments" over the course of the first season, thanks to special effects house CoSA, which has also worked on shows like Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. and Gotham.
But you can't delve into the world of VR without asking, "What if this hurts people?" After all, the premise of the show is that people are falling into comas while inside their Reveries. Does the company behind the technology, Onira-tech, have any responsibility for the way people choose to use their tech? What happens if users' fantasies aren't necessarily healthy? And what if someone drags another person into a Reverie without their consent? These are all issues that the series will confront over the course of its first season.
360Downloads: Dj Teezer – Best Of DMW
Dj Teezer & NGwide presents a new mixtape titled “Best Of DMW”. An endeavor project by the NGwide Media DJ, they compiled many interesting DMW songs of artistes like Davido, Dremo, Mayorkun, Peruzzi, Yonda and Ichaba. Download, Share and Enjoy the Mixtape below
DOWNLOAD HERE
The post 360Downloads: Dj Teezer – Best Of DMW appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sushma Swaraj was speaking here on the occasion of launch of a book "Exam Warriors" written by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. They also described in detail the 25 'mantras' for students given by the Prime Minister in their book and urged them to read the book. The book is available on the 'Narendra Modi App' and students can communicate with the Prime Minister through it. Human Resources Development Minister Prakash Javadekar, who was also present on the occasion, said that this book by PM Modi will help the students in beating the stress.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Saturday suggested that they should not compete with others but with themselves and they need to learn from their mistakes
Exhorting students who are set to appear for their board and secondary school examinations this year, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Saturday suggested that they should not compete with others but with themselves and they need to learn from their mistakes. Sushma Swaraj was speaking here on the occasion of launch of a book “Exam Warriors” written by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. “The book is most relevant one in this exam season as it aims to instill confidence in the students and prepare them to face the difficult moments during examinations and life,” they said addressing a gathering.
They also described in detail the 25 ‘mantras' for students given by the Prime Minister in their book and urged them to read the book. The book is available on the ‘Narendra Modi App' and students can communicate with the Prime Minister through it. Describing Modi as an extremely good communicator, they said: “If students learn from their past and enjoy the present then they would be able to get a bright future.” The book is a compilation of Prime Minister's address to students focused on busting stress during exams in their monthly radio programme “Mann ki Baat”.
“The students should compete with themselves and there is no need to compete with others. They should also use technology during preparation of examinations,” they said, suggesting that students should play games and practice yoga to overcome stress. During their interaction with students Sushma Swaraj mistakenly said “March me Chunav ka mausam hota hain (March is the time for elections)” and repeated the word “election” at least three times in place of “examination” – prompting the gathering to burst out in laughter. However, they corrected it after realising the mistake, saying “We are leaders and election comes to our mind often.”
Human Resources Development Minister Prakash Javadekar, who was also present on the occasion, said: “This book will help the students in beating the stress. It is for everyone. Not only for students but also for their parents.” They said that the book fits the Prime Minister's call of “Sabka Sath Sabka Vikas”. Urging parents not to put pressure on their children during exams, Javadekar said that the Prime Minister will interact with the students on February 16 before the start of examination session.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BEDMINSTER, N.J. (AP) — As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for them to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at their New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But they will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for their initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which they blamed bigotry on “many sides.”
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Vice President Mike Pence, traveling in South America, condemned “these dangerous fringe groups” and said they “have no place in American public life and in the American debate.”
Trump said nothing, save for a few retweets. One was about two Virginia state police officers killed in a helicopter crash while monitoring the Charlottesville protests, another about a Justice Department probe into the violence.
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that they condemn “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
Speaking slowly from their New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation, Trump added: “It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time.”
The White House statement Sunday went further. “The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.” It added: “He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement. Usually, a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance.
Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday that they considered the attack to be terrorism. On Saturday, Trump had not responded to reporters' shouted questions about terrorism.
“I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it is terrorism,” McMaster told ABC's “This Week.” ″It meets the definition of terrorism. But what this is, what you see here, is you see someone who is a criminal, who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans.”
The president's homeland security adviser, Tom Bossert, defended the president's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent, too. When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN's “State of the Union,” they specifically condemned the racist groups.
The president's daughter and White House aide, Ivanka Trump, tweeted Sunday morning: “There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.”
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, said they spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that they twice told the president “we have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric.” They said they urged Trump “to come out stronger” against the actions of white supremacists.
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists. Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “This isn't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines. This is a time to lay blame.”
The president did not have any public events on Sunday. White House staff did not share any information on their activities except that they and their staff were monitoring the aftermath of the violence in Virginia.
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations. Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “fulfill the promises of Donald Trump.”
Trump's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, which wrote: “Trump comments were good. They didn't attack us. They just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. … No condemnation at all.” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “Summer of Hate” edition.
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer, a Democrat, slammed Trump's stance toward hate groups, saying on NBC's “Meet the Press” that they hope Trump “looks themselves in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who they consorted with.”
“Old saying: when you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change, the devil changes you,” Signer said.
In Cartagena, Colombia, Pence responded to a reporter's question about the violence in Charlottesville and said, in part: “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Trump, as a presidential candidate, frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer their condemnation of white supremacists. Their strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily, only when asked, and they occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during their campaign. Their chief strategist, Steve Bannon, once declared that their former news site, Breitbart, was “the platform for the alt-right.”
Interview with the President and CEO: Pacific Mercantile Bancorp (NASDAQ:PMBC)
Thomas M. Vertin has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Mercantile Bancorp since January 1, 2016. Mr. Vertin joined Pacific Mercantile Bank as President of the Commercial Banking Division in September 2012. Additionally, they assumed responsibility for central and bank operations, and as interim chair of the bank's executive management committee. Mr. Vertin's 25 years of management experience includes Executive-in-Residence at Carpenter & Company, and 18 years with Silicon Valley Bank — SVB. During their tenure with SVB, Mr. Vertin served in the positions of Chief Operating Officer, Head of California Division, Head of Sales and Service bankwide; they also lead three turnarounds: Southeast region, San Francisco Bay region, and the nationwide asset-based lending group. Their responsibilities included the client service operation, product advisory sales — investments, cash management and international trade services — currency trading, SVB securities and SVB Asset Management. Their sales teams were responsible for essentially all of the bank's noninterest income — 30% of SVB revenue. Earlier in their banking career, Mr. Vertin also taught finance for eight years at San Jose State University. Prior to their career in banking, they served for three years with the World Health Organization in Geneva, Switzerland. Mr. Vertin served on the board of governors of the Commonwealth Club of California, the nation's oldest and largest public affairs forum. They were a director of the Churchill Club and a member of the San Jose State University College of Business Campaign Committee.  They are an active public speaker on topics of leadership, entrepreneurship and innovation. Mr. Vertin earned a bachelor's degree in political science and psychology, and a master's degree in public administration from San Jose State University. They were invited back to their alma mater to deliver the fall 2008 commencement speech for the College of Business. Profile
Mr. Vertin: Let me remind you and investors that I became CEO in January of 2016. And that became a
Kim Kardashian West says their Instagram profile is the biggest insight into their personality.
The 37-year-old reality star - who has four-year-old daughter North, two-year-old son Saint, and three-month-old daughter Chicago with their husband Kanye West - has 110 million followers on the app and it's the place where they most likes to share how they are feeling day-to-day, unlike Snapchat which they use for their range of filters and Twitter for talking to others and seeking opinions.
Speaking about their use of the three social platforms, they said: "Snapchat has the best filters, so I'm always using their filter, their camera for posting. With Instagram, it's this, like, mood for me.
"I'll post how I'm feeling, what I want to do, what I do. That's my mood.
"If I'm in Japan I'll put in all these inspo pics and I'll just, that's my vibe of what I'm feeling that week. So I think that's a good insight [into] my personality and what I'm feeling. With Twitter I really communicate with people the most. I look at that as the most interactive, but a great focus group too. I really do respect and value their opinions and I'm asking questions and love conversation back and forth. I love to live tweet if our show's on, if something's going on."
While Kim is an avid social media user, the 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' star has also admitted that they find it "hard" to deal with trolls.
They told The Business of Fashion magazine: "You have to be a strong person to just handle all the negative comments and the negative energy that comes your way, because if you put yourself out there, [it's] the nature of the internet [that] everyone's going to want to hate. That trolling energy that everyone puts out there, that negative energy, is really hard to deal with. It's really, really tough."
The Theatre Royal Nottingham's sensational family pantomime, Beauty and the Beast, stars Sherrie Hewson, Ben Richards, Ben Nickless, and Andrew Ryan, in an all-new spectacular production.
It opened on Saturday, December 9 and runs until January 14.
Actress, TV star, ex-Loose Women presenter, and Nottingham native, Sherrie Hewson leads the cast as Mrs Potty. Them roles in Coronation Street, Emmerdale, Crossroads, and the legendary Carry On films have all led to Sherrie becoming one of Britain's best-loved and most popular faces on television.
Sherrie currently stars in the hit TV series Benidorm as Joyce Temple-Savage, the manager of the Solana Resort. They have been filming the tenth series since March and it is set to air in early 2018.
Alongside Sherrie, television and stage star Ben Richards plays The Beast. After rising to fame on the ITV drama Footballers' Wives, Ben went on to secure high-profile television roles in Holby City, The Bill, Doctors, and Hollyoaks. No stranger to the stage, Ben has appeared in theatres across the UK and the West End with leading roles in Grease, Saturday Night Fever, The Full Monty, 9 to 5, Rock of Ages, and The Bodyguard opposite Beverley Knight at the Dominion Theatre, London, which broke box office attendance records.
Zany impressionist and comedy actor Ben Nickless makes a welcome return to the Theatre Royal Nottingham pantomime this Christmas. This will be Ben's fourth Theatre Royal Nottingham pantomime, having previously appeared alongside David Hasselhoff in Peter Pan (2013), Lesley Joseph in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (2014), and Christopher Biggins and Simon Webbe in Aladdin (2015).
Returning to the Theatre Royal once again this year is pantomime dame extraordinaire, Andrew Ryan. This year marks Andrew's fourth appearance at the Theatre Royal Nottingham having previously appeared in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs in 2014, Aladdin with Stephen Mulhern in 2010, and Jack and the Beanstalk with Nigel Havers in 2009. Andrew will also be directing the pantomime this year.
Musical theatre stars Danny Bayne, Naomi Slights and Natalie Spriggs complete the principal line-up of the pantomime as Trent, Belle and Deadly Nightshade.
Danny Baynes trained at Italia Conti Academy Theatre of Arts. They were the overall winner of ITV's Grease is the Word and went on to make their West End debut as Danny Zuko in the new London cast production of Grease at the Piccadilly Theatre, and performed to sell-out audiences for over two years. They went on to star in A Chorus Line, Hairspray and Saturday Night Fever in the West End, touring the UK and internationally for Royal Caribbean International. Danny stars as Trent, the vain and villainous ladies' man with plans to marry the beautiful Belle.
Naomi Slights, also a former Saturday Night Fever star who appeared alongside Danny in the leading role of Stephanie on the production's UK tour and subsequent international productions, will play Belle. Naomi also starred in the UK tour of Priscilla Queen of the Desert, 20th Century Boy - The Musical and Mamma Mia! in the West End.
Natalie Spriggs joins them as the evil enchantress Deadly Nightshade, the sorceress who places a curse on the Beast's castle and all its inhabitants. No stranger to playing the baddie, Natalie has previously worked for Disney as Ursula in The Little Mermaid and Cruella De Vil in 101 Dalmatians. They have also toured the UK in productions of Girls Night, Rock Around the Clock, Spirit of the Dance and Puttin' on the Ritz.
Beauty and the Beast's executive producer Jonathan Kiley said: “We have assembled a sensational pantomime company for our spectacular Theatre Royal pantomime this year and we're very much looking forward to a wonderful season in Nottingham once again. This year's show will feature all the laughter and sensational song and dance audiences have come to expect and we're also adding in some fantastic technical elements including a jaw-dropping 3D film sequence, the Beast's magnificent transformation scene and some truly spellbinding special effects.”
Tickets are £18-£35.50 plus discounts for members, under 16s, families and Go cardholders. For more, go to www.trch.co.uk or call the box office on 0115 989 5555.
Photos by Whitefoot Photography
“It is not prayers we need. We need common sense” | 7 takeways from Joy Isi Bewaji's Hallelujah Challenge rejoinder
Nathaniel Bassey's June Hallelujah Challenge has stirred up controversy, the likes of which was unanticipated for a simple praise and…
Read » “It is not prayers we need. We need common sense” | 7 takeways from Joy Isi Bewaji's Hallelujah Challenge rejoinder on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
I Have Cars, Houses, I Won't Steal If I'm Elected Governor – Senator Adeleke
The Senator representing Osun West Senatorial District in the National Assembly, Senator Ademola Adeleke has promised that they won't steal from the coffers of government if they are elected as the next governor of Osun State.
The Senator who is popular for their dancing skill made this known at the first memorial lecture organised by Adeleke University in remembrance of Senator Isiaka Adetunji Adeleke, their brother who died last year.
After the death of their brother, Isiaka, Ademola decided to carry on with their legacy and by contesting in the Osun West bye-election to replace their late brother at the Senate.
Senator Ademola won the election on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party defeating the candidate of the Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Mudasiru Hussain.
They said, “Yes. I will contest for Governor. I have submitted my letter of expression of interest to contest to the party.
“I'm contesting because of the people. Our people are suffering and we need to liberate them.
If I become governor, I cannot steal money that belongs to people. I have achieved everything that I could need money for in life.
“I have built houses, I have cars, I have everything. So, what would I do with stolen money? So, I won't steal as a governor. I only want to serve.”
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post I Have Cars, Houses, I Won't Steal If I'm Elected Governor – Senator Adeleke appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sahar foad is a young Egyptian hijab fashion blogger, they just gave birth, but up until their third trimester they surely knew how to dress their baby bump in the coolest way. So if you're a young mama, and looking for an inspirational hijab maternity style, then you should take a look at Sahar Foad's maternity looks.
In their latest Instagram posts, Sahar Foad started wearing maternity body-con dresses which we mentioned before are comfortable for pregnant ladies. But they didn't ditch their jeans, they found a way to style it comfortably with platform heels, tops and hoodies. So if you're looking for a chic, comfortable and stylish way to style you're baby bump, here are five hijab maternity looks by Sahar Foad to inspire young mamas.
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The head of a key Philippine anti-graft agency has defied an order by President Rodrigo Duterte's office to suspend their deputy for allegedly disclosing confidential information to the media about an investigation into the tough-talking leader's alleged undeclared wealth.
Ombudsman Conchita Carpio Morales said Wednesday that the order by Duterte's office for the 90-day suspension of Deputy Ombudsman Melchor Arthur Carandang is "patently unconstitutional" and would risk the constitutionally guaranteed independence of their agency, which investigates officials for alleged corruption.
Duterte said last year they would not cooperate in an investigation being led by Carandang on alleged bank accounts they maintained when was still a city mayor but did not declare publicly as required by law. Duterte has denied the allegation and vowed to resign if it could be proven.
The toppling of Roseanne Barr — from their racist late-night tweet to the early-morning backlash and ABC's axing of their highly rated show — took less than 12 hours.
That is the equivalent of hyperspeed for businesses and brands that are accustomed to taking their time when it comes to high-stakes decisions about key employees who land in hot water.
But the intensity and immediacy of the social media age have turned corporate crisis management into an exercise where minutes, and sometimes seconds, count. And the praise that ABC executives received this week for their swift response will most likely serve as an example to other businesses facing public relations disasters.
“It's the concept of the golden hour of crisis response,” said Kara Alaimo, who teaches public relations and reputation management at Hofstra University. “It's a term borrowed from emergency medicine: Everyone knows if you get a heart attack victim to the hospital in the first hour, they're more likely to survive.”
STREETSBORO, Ohio (AP) — Authorities say a 13-year-old boy has fatally shot their 11-year-old brother in suburban Cleveland, and police are describing the shooting as an apparent "premeditated act."
Streetsboro police say officers were called to a home around 9:30 p.m. Monday. The 11-year-old died at a hospital.
Police say the 13-year-old has been charged with aggravated murder in Portage County Juvenile Court. Police say the gun used in the slaying was stolen from their grandfather's home.
Police have not said what prompted the teen to shoot their brother.
Streetsboro is roughly 30 miles (48 kilometers) southeast of downtown Cleveland.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (CBSNewYork/AP) — The New York Jets insisted they weren't listening when all the talk was about how awful they'd be this season.
Now that they're one of the NFL's early season surprises at 2-2 and favored by some to beat winless Cleveland, they're not buying into that hype, either.
“We're not good enough to look past anybody,” coach Todd Bowles said Thursday. “Really, we're not. We just work every day to get better from the week before.”
That's the dose of reality Bowles provides their players at every opportunity, saying earlier this week that the Jets have no reason to get “big-headed” despite consecutive wins over Miami and Jacksonville.
“We're 2-2, we're .500,” Bowles said. “That's nothing to brag about. We have to get better in a lot of areas each week. We made some mistakes in the Jacksonville game (that) we have to get better at, and we have to keep building.”
After all, the Jets still rank 29th in run defense and have only six sacks this season. Their passing offense is 26th and hardly strikes fear into defenses.
MORE: Josh McCown ‘Stronger' Now With Jets After 2 Seasons With Browns
But at 0-4, the Browns are a desperate opponent – one that likely expected a better start after a 1-15 season a year ago. Cleveland is 2-29 since an overtime win at Baltimore – led by current Jets quarterback Josh McCown – and that matches the worst 31-game stretch in league history.
Rookie quarterback DeShone Kizer leads the NFL with eight interceptions and they also have the NFL's worst quarterback rating at 36.3.
So, the Jets should be licking their chops, right? After all, the AFC East is wide open with New England off to a surprisingly mediocre start at 2-2, Miami sitting at 1-2 and Buffalo leading the division at 3-1.
“We don't care about that,” defensive end Muhammad Wilkerson said. “We worry about Cleveland right now. We don't care about the Patriots, Miami or anybody. It's about this week, and that's Cleveland.”
MORE: Palladino: Jets May Not Have Stars, But They're One Tight Bunch
That's the focus, on making sure the Browns don't get their first victory against them. And that possibility could make some teams worry about playing a hungry opponent.
“I'm not afraid, are you?” Wilkerson said with a grin. “Nobody's afraid. We're going to execute and do our jobs. We don't care about their record. That's not up to us. We're not worried about that. We worry about the Jets and doing our jobs.”
The Jets are still that team that many fans and media pegged as a shoo-in for the No. 1 overall draft pick next spring. Someone anonymously sent a not-so-subtle reminder of the dismal preseason prognostications, printing out copies of a headline from one web site that said the Jets would go 0-16 this season and leaving them on each player's stool.
The players have said for months that they couldn't care less about what people outside the facility had to say about them. But, they've all talked about the doubters – and used it as fuel.
MORE: Lichtenstein: Jets Wins Could Prove Damaging To Long-Term Search For QB
“What I love most about our team is how united we are,” defensive lineman Leonard Williams said, “and how good we're playing together and how good we're playing for one another.”
That said, the Jets are certainly a confident bunch, but in no way are they relieved that they have two more victories than many people thought they would at this point – and, for some, the entire season.
“You don't get to relax until the season is over,” Bowles said. “We're more aware of things and we're getting experience as we go, but they're not relaxed.”
NOTES: The Jets waived TE Neal Sterling, perhaps creating a spot on the active roster for WR Jalin Marshall, who was suspended the first four games of the season for violating the league's policy on performance enhancers. It's also a sign that rookie TE Jordan Leggett could be close to making their NFL debut after being sidelined since the preseason with a foot injury. … Earlier this week, defensive coordinator Kacy Rodgers highlighted the fact that the Jets' defense is 29th against the run, hoping to motivate their players. “I'm just pointing out where we stood,” they said. “One, I know we have a lot of prideful guys in that room, and I just wanted them to know that's an area we have to improve. Each week as a defense we talk about getting better every week, and that's an area that steadily needs to improve.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
1957 letter written by former first lady in which they defend Israel's actions in Suez Crisis up for auction. Bidding starts at $22,500.
A 1957 letter written by Eleanor Roosevelt in which the former first lady vigorously defends Israel's actions during the Suez Crisis is being auctioned off.
Nate D. Sanders Auctions in Los Angeles will start the bidding on Thursday at $22,500.
The letter, written on their personal “Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt” letterhead, responds directly to criticism of their newspaper column “My Day,” in which they defend Israel's actions in the 1956 crisis. It is addressed to Tom Dietrich of Brooklyn.
Roosevelt wrote: “If you follow step by step in the UN and understand the difficulties, you will realize that Israel was not an aggressor. The Charter of the UN allows self defense and Israel's case was purely one of self defense. / I do not agree with you about the establishment of the state of Israel. The Israelis have a right to their land and I think it is nonsense to suppose that they plan to plunge us into a war. They want peace as much, if not more, than other nations. / We lead in the United Nations, so it would not be a case of our falling for any plot.”
The auction catalog calls the two-page letter an “exceptional letter, with rare content by the First Lady showing their commitment and refusal to equivocate on the state of Israel.”
Other items being auctioned on the same day include a Nobel Prize awarded to Thomas Schelling in 2005 for their game theory; a bomber jacket owned by John F. Kennedy; and a Richard Nixon letter about Vietnam.
Early viewers have singled out Adam Driver's return as Kylo Ren, a role they originated in 2015's The Force Awakens.
The Last Jedi has been hailed as the best Star Wars film ever, while critics and fans have praised Adam Driver's star-making performance as Kylo Ren.
The film, directed by Rian Johnson, has been screening for press and critics in both the UK and the US, where it will go on general release on Thursday and Friday respectively.
Early viewers have singled out Driver's return in a role they originated in 2015's The Force Awakens.
One early viewer wrote: “#TheLastJedi is … amazing. Gamechanging. Johnson delivers the best movie ever (OT excluded). And Adam Driver? Oscar worthy. Also the biggest twist since I am your father…”
#TheLastJedi is… amazing. Gamechanging. Johnson delivers the best movie ever (OT excluded). And Adam Driver? Oscar worthy. Also the biggest twist since I am your father…. — Star Wars Interviews (@StarWarsINTRVWS) December 11, 2017
The Independent's culture editor, Christopher Hooton, wrote: “I'll keep it short. #TheLastJedi makes The Force Awakens look like child's play.”
Lou Thomas, digital production editor at the BFI, said: “Lots to say about #thelastjedi.
“Adam Driver is now A-list if there was any doubt before. Rian Johnson does a great job as writer-director. Oh and it is easily the funniest and most spectacular of the #StarWars films.”
I'll keep it short. #TheLastJedi makes The Force Awakens look like child's play. — Christopher Hooton (@ChristophHooton) December 11, 2017
Lots to say about #thelastjedi. Adam Driver is now A-list if there was any doubt before. Rian Johnson does a great job as writer-director. Oh and it is easily the funniest and most spectacular of the #StarWars films. — Lou Thomas (@London_Lou) December 11, 2017
Another early viewer wrote: “#TheLastJedi is mostly excellent with a few niggles. Adam Driver continues to be downright stunning as Kylo Ren.”
Another said: “Star Wars: #TheLastJedi – simple storytelling beautifully done. A classic. No wonder LucasFilm gave @rianjohnson three more films. And as always, Adam Driver continues to be the MVP.”
#TheLastJedi is mostly excellent with a few niggles. Adam Driver continues to be downright stunning as Kylo Ren. pic.twitter.com/bFIvEmUYdA — Christa (@Big_Pants) December 11, 2017
Star Wars: #TheLastJedi – simple storytelling beautifully done. A classic. No wonder LucasFilm gave @rianjohnson three more films m. And as always, Adam Driver continues to be the MVP. pic.twitter.com/n846knaPJm — Rebecca Lewis (@bexlewis361) December 11, 2017
Joshua Yehl, editor of IGN Comics, praised the film, saying: “I am STUNNED by #StarWars #TheLastJedi. I gasped, I laughed, I screamed, I cried and I had the time of my life. Rian Johnson pulled it off, making what might be the best Star Wars movie ever. ”
I am STUNNED by #StarWars #TheLastJedi. I gasped, I laughed, I screamed, I cried and I had the time of my life. Rian Johnson pulled it off, making what might be the best Star Wars movie ever. pic.twitter.com/0VE5M90dsH — Joshua Yehl (@JoshuaYehl) December 10, 2017
Other viewers said they would return to see the film again, with one writing: “Just got back from a press screening of #TheLastJedi It's not often that I'll go see a movie more than once in the theaters, This will definitely be one of those.”
Just got back from a press screening of #TheLastJedi It's not often that I'll go see a movie more than once in the theaters, This will definitely be one of those. pic.twitter.com/F7ljNtFfpQ — Josh Goldman (@TheGoldman) December 11, 2017
However, some noted that the long running time – more than two-and-a-half hours – was a downside.
One member of the audience wrote on Twitter: “Finally out from the @starwars screening! You'll get your cinema ticket money's worth … IT IS LONG!
“Enjoyable, but as is so often the way nowadays, at least 30 mins too much. Don't know about the Jedi, but the art of ‘a 2hr edit', is dead! Now for the loo queue! #thelastjedi”
Finally out from the @starwars screening! You'll get your cinema ticket money's worth…IT IS LONG! Enjoyable, but as is so often the way nowadays, at least 30mins too much. Don't know about the Jedi, but the art of ‘a 2hr edit', is dead! Now for the loo queue! #thelastjedi pic.twitter.com/HgbFnTKPks — Jamie Edwards (@ShowbizJamie) December 11, 2017
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is released in UK cinemas on December 14.
2017 Number One NFL Draft Pick Limps Off the Practice Field
by Rashad Snell
Browns rookie defensive end Myles Garrett, the No. 1 overall pick in this year's draft, injured their left foot late in practice on Wednesday.
Garrett was rushing quarterback Brock Osweiler during a two-minute drill when they went down in the backfield. They stayed on the ground for nearly a minute and was checked by a trainer and coach Hue Jackson before being helped up and hobbling to the sideline.
They did not return to practice and limped into the field house when the Browns were forced to go indoors because of inclement weather. Garrett continued to favor their foot when they walked into the locker room.
Jackson said they would not know the extent of Garrett's injury until they are examined by doctors. Garrett missed time earlier this spring with an unspecified injury.
The Browns signed Garrett to a four-year, $30.4 million contract.
___
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
SUDBURY, Ont. — Jeremy Rainville scored twice and set up three more as the Cantonniers de Magog toppled the Toronto Young Nationals 7-4 on Tuesday for their second straight win to open the 2018 Telus Cup.
Rainville leads all scorers through two games at the national midget championship with seven points.
Simon Pinard also had a pair of goals while Jeremy Lapointe, Karl Vaillancourt and Gabriel Fontaine added singles for the Cantonniers (2-0-0). Olivier Adam made 16 saves for the win.
Nolan Lowe struck twice for the Young Nationals (0-2-0). Yianni Tsiampas and Jack McTiernan also scored as Elliott Tang gave up seven goals on 27 shots.
Kachikwu visits Shell, Total over PIB, JVs
Daily Trust
In continuation of their visit to the headquarters of International Oil Companies (IOCs) operating in Nigeria, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources Dr. Ibe. Kachikwu has met with Shell and Total to make a case for more oil and gas investments in …
Refineries produce 22% of fuel consumption, says Kachikwu The Nation Newspaper
all 2 news articles »
The ARP / Street Rodder Road Tour Presented by Chevrolet Performance is on the road on the Mississippi Gulf Coast on Cruisin' the Coast tour leg and we are now over 8,000 hot rods of every description now cruising the coastline of Mississippi. As I write this the cruising is still going on under a beautiful full moon with mild temperatures and a soft coastal breeze. However it seems Mother Nature has a different plan this year with a tropical storm or hurricane bearing down on the gulf coast. The threat of heavy rain and high winds has shortened the event by one day, rather than end the event on Sunday October 8th the event will wrap up on Saturday October 7th. However more perfect cruising weather is on tap for Friday so we'll be back out with thousands of hot rodders from all across the country.
The cruisers have been in town for at least a week, and the event officially is scheduled to be a week-long event. If you do this event the right way you will visit about nine different coastal towns, all with their own unique offerings and flavor. In the process the cruising never stops with hot rods heading in every direction. Some of the trends we noticed today include the fact that the beach buggy is back; we noticed several groups of buggies cruising together. There also seemed to be a good selection of early Buick Riviera's and pickup trucks of every description continue to have a huge presence. It was another great day of music, cruising and cuisine on the Mississippi coast, to see for youself, just check out the photo gallery.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A Leyland race ace could be a superbike star of the future after a terrific debut season in the sport.
Nine-year-old Alfie Davidson has proved themselves to be a real natural on a motorbike after securing a top-10 finish in the Coolfab British Junior Championships.
On their Air Cool minibike, Alfie has been Mr Consistency personified to finish in seventh spot out of 21 riders over the eight-meeting series.
A remarkable effort considering they only started riding bikes just over a year ago after going along to the motocross track at Preston Docks.
Their proud dad John said: “He's only been on the bike for a year so he's not done too badly. I took them down to the track at Preston Docks probably about October of last year.
“I have had motorbikes, although I've never raced them but I have always been interested in them.
“Alfie saw all the riders there and got hooked basically. They told me that this is what they want to do so we got them a bike and they started practising a bit more. It's all progressed from there.”
The Lever House County Primary School pupil's highest placing in any one race was fifth and their father revealed that they could have finished higher than seventh overall after missing out on competing in the final meeting.
“We missed the last race in Cumbria because of the weather,” John said. “We arrived for the race but it was when we had the hurricane last month.
“We thought it was going to get cancelled so we came home, but they actually ran it after we had left. So they could have got more points.”
After having such an excellent first season on the circuit, the youngster could have been forgiven for taking it easy over the winter.
However, they have been straight back on the bike and achieved a superb result at the first meeting of the BMD Winter Series at Three Sisters, in Wigan, late last month.
“He won the first one and then came second in the next one,” John said. “I think there's another four meetings over the course of the winter.”
Despite only being involved in the sport for a little over 12 months, the young race ace already has ambitions of becoming a full-time professional motorbike racer.
“He wants to go into racing –he actually would love to have a go at the TT Races in the Isle of Man,” their father added.
“Everybody has their dreams. They would love to race full-time on the track.”
As well as their father, the youngster is supported by their mother Laura and brother Jack (15), who enjoys fixing their bike and plans to study the subject at Myerscough College next year.
“I would say their mum struggles to watch him, but they understand that he's good at it,” John said. “The bikes can get up to 55mph which for young lads is quite fast. They have fallen off a few times and broken their visor.
“But you just get them back on the bike straight away. They've no sense of fear at that age.”
Alfie has received financial help from Gavin Duxbury, of H&G Motorcycles, which is situated in Burscough. If you are interested in sponsoring Alfie then visit their facebook page: www.facebook.com/Alfie-Davidson-1210292865745456
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill's request for a new trial and the removal of another judge from the rapper's case.
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that they don't have jurisdiction over the matter.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill's release from prison last month where they were serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from their case. They allege she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending them to prison for the probation violations.
They have strongly defended their impartiality.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
By Farayi Machamire
Break-away MDC formation president Thokozani Khupe has lashed out at their political male rivals saying their criticism of the elected leaders of their new formation border on cowardice.
Khupe, the newly-elected leader of the latest breakaway MDC faction, has said they have no regrets for cutting ties with Nelson Chamisa, whom they accused of hijacking the labour-backed party.
As had been widely expected, Khupe was elected leader of the faction at an extraordinary congress of the party held in the second city on Saturday.
Obert Gutu, Harare lawyer Nixon Nyikadzino and Abedinico Bhebhe were elected vice president, secretary-general and national chair respectively.
Academic Samukele Hadebe will deputise Nyikadzino.
South African-based Chief Ndlovu got the treasurer-general post while activist Yvonne Msarurwa — who is being deputised by Alfred Ncube — earned the national organising secretary post.
Activist Linda Masarira was elected party national spokesperson, a move that infuriated some party members who felt that they had been imposed as they were not in the party structures.
Dorothy Ncube and Fungai Masaiti were elected to the women's chair and youth chair posts respectively, while Douglas Mwonzora who had been anticipated to join the congress, they did not turn up.
Them daughter Isabel Mwonzora landed the youth secretary general post.
“The MDC-T president Thokozani Khupe, is not surprised by the avalanche of comments, most of them from people who are afraid of women who chose to congregate around principle, constitutionalism, and to engage in politics that puts the people of Zimbabwe first,” Khupe said through their spokesperson Witness Dube.
“She is equally unfazed by the usual ganging up of some self-misguiding and cowardly men who become uneasy at the sight of women whose coming together results in gender mainstreaming in decision making.
“On the contrary, … Khupe is unreservedly proud that … Masarira satisfied all the constitutional requirements in their entry into the MDC-T main body politics of the party, and is part of the women contingent which has seen our party being the only one in Zimbabwe with a 50-50 gender representation in its standing committee.”
Khupe singled out Masarira saying they joined MDC in 2000, and became active in the Bulawayo South District before going dormant from party politics after they grew increasingly dissatisfied with what they viewed as a deviation of the party from its founding values.
“… Masarira is a credible and unapologetic social, economic, political and feminist activist who needs no introduction to the Zimbabwean political arena. It was therefore not a difficult decision for the party to allow them to subject themselves to congress for election to the position of secretary for Information and Publicity, which position they were unanimously elected for,” Dube added.
Following Morgan Tsvangirai's death, the opposition picked Chamisa as its new leader and presidential candidate, but Khupe and their allies accused the 40-year-old of a power grab, and have also refused to recognise their leadership.
Chamisa then approached the High Court in Bulawayo seeking an interdict to stop Khupe and their allies from continuing to infringe on the MDC trademark, passing off as the party leader, and using the MDC name without the authority of the opposition party.
Judgment in the Bulawayo High Court was reserved to today while deputy Chief Justice Elizabeth Gwaunza conducted a hearing last week that determined Khupe's Con-Court case as urgent.
The case in the Bulawayo High Court is important in that Zimbabwe Electoral Commission chairperson Justice Priscilla Chigumba made it clear that they will not be entertaining confusion where more than one party uses the same name and symbols and that any such dispute must be resolved by the courts before nomination day. DailyNews
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — As Ohio seeks to recover over $60 million from a giant online charter school that closed, the attorney general says the school founder and their two businesses should be on the hook for that public funding.
Founder Bill Lager's for-profit companies were paid to provide management and software services for the Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow.
In a court filing, Attorney General Mike DeWine argues that violated Lager's fiduciary duty to ECOT and that the public contracts were void. DeWine indicated he'll seek to recover money from Lager and the companies.
An ECOT attorney isn't commenting on that.
ECOT has challenged how Ohio tallied student participation to determine a clawback of nearly $80 million, some of which already was collected. ECOT is awaiting an Ohio Supreme Court ruling in that case.
Why Land Occupations Play A Key Role In Land Reform
South Africa's stagnant land reform process has led to the frustration and delayed dispossession of many. With the conversation of landlessness comes that of occupation, and city dwellers have been occupying land for a long time in the hope of prompting government to grant them their promised housing and land. Land occupations have taken place all over the country for years like the Marikana settlement in Philippi, Cato Manor in Durban, and Doornfontein in the Johannesburg inner city. The Daily Vox explores land occupation in South Africa looking at examples of Brazil and Zimbabwe, where it is used as a strategy to gain ground for housing and farming in the urban and rural sectors respectively.
“The African National Congress had an opportunity to redress the issues of the past and give poor black people the right to access land but its 24 years down the line, and they clearly have failed,” Abahlali baseMjondolo Movement South Africa general secretary Thapelo Mohapi said in an interview with The Daily Vox.
“Now that the ANC have lost credibility among the millions of people in this country, they're bringing back the question of land,” Mohapi said.
They said the motion to review section 25 of the Constitution which deals with property and land expropriation which was passed in Parliament in March will make no impact even if it is amended because government does not implement everything that is in the Constitution.
“We believe that it is time for black people to occupy unused land and use it for their benefit: build their houses, plant food, and use it for survival. We believe that the social value of land must come before its commercial value – survival before profit. In Parliament they are talking of land for profit, we are talking about land for survival,” Mohapi said.
Abahlali does not believe land should be in the custodianship of one individual or the government. When political parties like the ANC and the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) speak about land expropriation without compensation, they're mainly concerned with private property – taking land from white elites and giving it to black elites, Mohapi said. Or in the case of the EFF, transferring ownership of the land to the state.
“It should be peopled themselves who decide how the land should be used. Land should be discussed by grassroot movements – the occupation of land is also urban planning from below. When people occupy unused land in the cities like we have done, it is for the benefit of those who are landless, those who were deprived by the colonial system and further deprived by the apartheid system,” said Mohapi.
Members of Abahlali have faced state repression, state torture, and to date nine members have been killed by invasion units or hitmen by the local ANC government, Mohapi said. Local ward councillors have politicised the issue further by sowing discord and blaming the existence of informal settlements on foreign nationals.
There has also been a political call for land occupation. Earlier this month, the EFF's commander-in-chief Julius Malema said at a rally on land expropriation in Thembalethu, George: “When we say occupy the land, we don't say do an illegal thing. It is a right thing to do because it is your land. How do you say we are wrong by asking people to go and occupy what belongs to them?” they said to a sea of cheering supporters.
Malema has been in and out of court where they are facing charges relating to their calls for illegal land occupation. The EFF leader faces charges of contravening the Riotous Assemblies Act after calling for fighters to occupy land at the EFF elective conference in Bloemfontein in 2014.
“Legally the situation is that you can be deemed a trespasser if you occupy someone else's property without their permission,” Professor Ben Cousins, National Research Foundation (NRF) chairperson in the Institute for Poverty, Land and Agrarian Studies at the University of the Western Cape said in an interview with The Daily Vox.
“In practice, if it's an empty piece of land and you want to establish an informal settlement, it's often difficult for the government or the private owner to have them evicted.”
There are grey areas within the law – the state or private landowners have an obligation to find homeless people alternative accommodation before expelling them.
Both Brazil and Zimbabwe have used land occupation as a tactic to acquire urban and rural land respectively.
Urban land occupation in Brazil
Housing is a pressing concern for many of the urban Brazilian population. The Homeless Workers' Movement has become one of the largest social movements in the country. Despite the 2009 My House, My Life programme designed to help families buy their first home, 11 million Brazilians live in favelas or slums. The two major sporting tournaments the country hosted – the 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro – kindled evictions from the favelas and an acceleration in gentrification processes which pushed up rent especially in informal communities in highly sought-after areas on the property market.
The working class was pushed from the periphery, farther away from their where they work, in cities plagued by endless traffic.This coincided with the economic crisis and rising unemployment. It was also accompanied with police brutality and the emergence of paramilitary groups that had taken control over a large part of the favelas in Rio de Janeiro.
The Luta Popular movement, a grassroots movement for land-use planning, emerged in 2011. It's fundamental tool to protest these injustices is occupation: it identifies unoccupied land and establishes the social function of the property by housing families in it as per the constitutional principle to establish the social function of property. This is followed by the collective process of setting up a school and catering for other needs not covered by the state through self-management.
Rural land occupation in Zimbabwe
Despite how “ending up like Zimbabwe” sends chills up the spines of certain South Africans, our neighbouring countries land reform – which arose from occupation – has been relatively successful. In 2000, the white farms in the country were mostly under-used and war veterans were tired of then-President Robert Mugabe's inaction. The war veterans – of which current President Emmerson Mnangagwa hails from – moved against him, carefully organising a campaign over the Easter weekend that year, where 3 000 huge white-owned farms were occupied by 170 000 Zimbabwean families.
Initially, Mugabe opposed the move, but quickly reversed their position when they saw the popularity of the occupation – and happily took the blame for the occupation by the British press and media. Their government legalised the occupation and small farms were marked out on the formerly white-owned land. The new farmers received scant support which was exacerbated by the poor economy and hyperinflation of the 2000s.
But the 146 000 smaller farmers with six hectares of land saved, reinvested, and became highly productive – creating over 800 000 jobs. Vibrant market towns have grown up around the land reform farms, development economist Ian Scoones points out.
About 23 000 medium-sized farmers with land of 10 to 50 hectares had limited capital to get going and farmed only part of their land. Their limited production did not earn enough revenue to buy the fertiliser and tractors needed for the larger farms. When Mnangagwa was still the country's vice president, they spearheaded the Command Agriculture programme which was aimed at this group. With this programme, government provided seed, fertiliser, tractors, and fuel for ploughing – and the cost was deducted from the sale price of the maize and the programme more than doubled its credit in their maize production. In fact, Zimbabwe produced more maize in 2017 than was ever grown by white farmers. Zimbabwe's other success has been tobacco, which generated US $576m in 2017 – mainly by land reform farmers.
The negative perception of Zimbabwean land reform “is an ongoing refusal of lazy people in the media and people with ideologies in the policy process to engage with the evidence,” Cousins said. It suits certain kinds of narratives, “the narrative that we need to protect private property at all costs, that only large-scale farming is productive, that smallholder farming is inherently inefficient and unprofitable,” they said.
This doesn't mean that land reform in Zimbabwe has been wholly successful. There are some real problems in Zimbabwe, Cousins said. One is that earnings from horticultural export-oriented crops – like fruit and flowers – which were farmed before the occupations have disappeared. This does contribute to the shortage of foreign currency in their economy – which is a major problem in their economy.
Cousins does not think it is likely that rural land occupations will take off in South Africa the way it had in Zimbabwe.
“Perhaps we will see a different occupation which might happen as a form of political protest,” they said.
This could happen with a number of land activists occupying a piece of land on a symbolic level saying its restitution claims are valid and unresolved, and need attention to be implemented. Activists might occupy the land, put up tents, wave signs and flags, and then peacefully and strategically retreat once the protest has captured the attention of the media, the wider society, and key policymakers. Either way, occupation could play a key role in the conversations about land to come.
Featured image by Ashraf Hendricks via GroundUp
The post Why Land Occupations Play A Key Role In Land Reform appeared first on The Daily Vox.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Daily Vox. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BEREA, Ohio -- Defensive end Myles Garrett, the draft's first overall pick, went to the ground in pain after a pass rush during team drills in the Cleveland Browns' minicamp practice on Wednesday.
Coach Hue Jackson spoke to the media immediately after practice and could not assess if the injury was serious.
"That's part of the game," Jackson said. "Obviously I don't want to get any of our players nicked, hurt, any of that. But hopefully things will be fine. We don't want to lose any player, especially not one of our really good players.
"But hopefully things will be OK, and I think they will be. I don't know that for sure but we'll find out as I go inside."
Garrett was working with the backup defense during a two-minute drill. They got off the line quickly and beat the right tackle as they rushed quarterback Brock Osweiler. The play was whistled for a sack, but Garrett landed on their left foot after they had extended toward Osweiler.
They immediately went to the ground, kneeling with their head on the ground. Trainers checked them and they limped to the sidelines, where they again had their left foot checked without theirs shoe.
They did not leave the sidelines, something Jackson said they took as a "good sign." When the siren sounded for a lightning warning, Garrett limped into the field house with teammates.
"I'll know more once we get inside, but I think it's their foot," Jackson said. "So we'll see. I don't know how it happened. Those things happen. Hopefully everything's OK."
Garrett had missed some practice time in offseason work for an undisclosed issue that was not believed to be serious. Jackson would not and could not say if the problem in minicamp was the same one that had been bothering him.
"Glad it's toward the end (of offseason work)," Jackson said. "He did some good things today and we'll see where we are."
Naira firms up as CBN resumes intervention with $418m
Guardian (blog)
The intervention, which cut across various segments of the inter-bank forex market, was aimed at pushing for the convergence of various market rates and resumption of support for the Naira, after a week lull. • First sovereign Islamic Bond to debut …
and more »
Survey Reveals Best Time of Day To Have Sex
It might play havoc with your work and domestic schedules but the best time to make love is 7.30am, a survey claims.
Having sex 45 minutes after you wake makes the most of your stamina and energy levels, which are at their highest after a good night's rest.
The rush of endorphins lowers blood pressure and stress levels, leaving you more upbeat for the rest of the day.
The survey for Forza Supplements, which monitored the body clocks of 1,000 adults who lead healthy and active lives, also found the optimum times to work, eat, drink and exercise to maintain fitness and avoid putting on weight.
Jogging is most beneficial at 7am, before breakfast, so is probably best seen as an option to love-making and not a daily part of the timetable.
Concentration levels peak around three hours after we wake, so it's best to do the most mentally taxing jobs around 9.45am.
Stress levels peak an hour later, particularly early in the week when our to-do lists are heaviest, so this is the best time to relax. Going to bed at 10.10pm allows enough time for the most restorative type of sleep, non-REM (rapid eye movement), which is best enjoyed before midnight.
The study found that eating breakfast, lunch and dinner at regular times helped participants with weight loss.
We are most likely to snack at 3.30pm, when we are starting to lag at work, and at 8.15pm, when relaxing at home in front of the television, so these are the times those in a diet should beware of.
Drinking alcohol is best done in the early evening, allowing the liver enough time -- four hours -- to recover before bed.
However, if you rise later than 6.45am and do not fit into the plan, don't worry -- you can simply adjust the timetable, Forza says.
So if, for instance, you wake at 8.45am, just add two hours to each of the times for eating, sleeping, exercising -- and love-making.
© 2017 Cape Community under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Supporters of cattleman and anti-federal figure Cliven Bundy are protesting a presidential decision to give national monument protection to public land where Bundy grazes cows near their southern Nevada ranch.
The Spectrum of St. George, Utah, ( http://bit.ly/2iVR3K7 ) reports that Bundy family members and friends staged a peaceful rally of about a few dozen people on Saturday near the Bundy home.
Family matriarch Carol Bundy is expressing fear that the government will ban grazing in the Gold Butte area — although the U.S. Interior Department says grazing will be allowed.
An armed standoff in April 2014 stopped a federal roundup of Bundy cattle and led to the arrest on federal charges of 19 people including five Bundy family members.
Trial is set to begin Feb. 6 in Las Vegas for the first six defendants in that case.
De Pere business person Ron Van Den Heuvel has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to working with a banker and their wife to defraud Horicon Bank.
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Act now, Nigerians are hungry, Father Mbaka to Buhari
Leader of the Catholic Adoration Ministry in Enugu State, Fr. Ejike Mbaka has advised President Muhammadu Buhari on leadership in the New Year. Mbaka gave the advice in Enugu on Saturday in their New Year message at the cross over service to 2017, where they advised the president to tackle the challenges facing the country, […]
The post Act now, Nigerians are hungry, Father Mbaka to Buhari appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Boys collect fired cartridges, considered a cool thing to have for children in Armenia's highly militarized society, during an event at a cadet corps in Yerevan. A new program that promotes even closer integration of Armenia's military and society, including a stronger focus on military subjects in schools, worries many civil rights activists. (Photo: Armenia's Ministry of Defense)
A new program is promoting the closer integration of Armenia's military and society. The initiative is raising concerns among some observers that the country, already one of the most heavily militarized in the world, is giving the army too much influence over the shaping of its future.
Defense Minister Vigen Sargsian launched the program, known as the “Nation Army Concept,” in October. The concept, as it has been articulated thus far, is vague but seemingly far-reaching: it appears to potentially allow for the total mobilization of society in the service of national security. “All the governmental bodies, civilians and anybody else must correctly carry out their role in the defense of the country,” Sargsian said in rolling out the program.
Sargsian also has alluded to the military assuming a greater role in Armenia's economic sphere. The army should “not just consume, but also become a leader in the development of economic and social life,” they said, adding that the army can be “a platform for innovation, become a bridge of sorts linking science and industry.”
While specifics on the program are scarce, the rhetoric surrounding it is making some Armenians uneasy. At a conference in April devoted to the program, Armenia's Minister of Education and Science, Levon Mkrtchian, told the participants: “Military science teachers should teach children to love weapons and not to fear them. Weapons must be loved, cherished, taken care of, and not be just quickly assembled,” they said. “We live in an area where everyone is a potential soldier, and this naturally affects the educational system; this concept should be the primary task of schools.”
This kind of talk worries civil rights activists. The Nation-Army Concept is part of a trend in Armenia in which “the state is raising not a citizen, but a soldier,” said Edgar Khachatryan, head of the NGO Peace Dialogue. “And in the future, this citizen would not stand up for their or their rights, but would carry out orders. ... This is the shortest way to establishing a military dictatorship, and I see things trending in that direction,” Khachatryan told EurasiaNet.org.
Many Armenians wonder if the country has not already too tightly integrated the military and society. Armenia is the third-most-militarized country in the world, after Israel and Singapore, according to a study by the Bonn International Center for Conversion, which attempts to measure “the relative weight and importance of a country's military apparatus in relation to its society as a whole.”
Sargsian's own appointment as defense minister was controversial in Armenia, ironically, because they were a civilian rather than a military veteran, although civilian defense ministers are standard in much of the world.
The military's leading role in the country has become increasingly controversial. Corruption scandals led to several senior military officials being fired last year. A month after the Army Nation Concept was announced, a bill was introduced in parliament that would tax citizens 1,000 drams (about $2.30) per month to compensate soldiers killed or wounded in action. The legislation sparked strong criticism among citizens who complained that the government was squeezing its impoverished population while senior officers get rich. The bill passed easily, however, on an 84-3 vote.
Human rights activists voice concerns that further boosting of the army's role in society will make the military even more unaccountable. “The ‘Nation Army Concept' is unacceptable as long as we have a state,” said rights activist Zara Hovhannisian. “That is, the public should be mobilized around civilian institutions, and the army, as a structure safeguarding and maintaining state sovereignty, is just one of the components.”
Sargsian vigorously downplays criticism, contending that the critics have it all wrong. “The Nation Army is a society that acts as one whole. That does not mean the militarization of society, or the state. On the contrary, it means democratization of the army, its full integration into society, economy, culture, education, science, ecology and sports,” they said in an address to parliament. “This means using what has been created by the army for the whole society and state, and building up the armed forces with all the achievements of civilian life.”
The underlying motivation for the concept seems to be the long-standing frozen conflict with Azerbaijan over the Nagorno-Karabakh territory. An arms race, of sorts, has been taking place in the past few years, and tension has risen markedly along the line of contact, underscored by the brief resumption of all-out warfare in April 2016. The program, according to some experts, can put Armenia in better position to keep up strategic pace with Azerbaijan.
“Given the current arms race in the region and Armenia's modest capacities … this is not just a concept or a doctrine, but is above all a value system that will engage not just those whose job is the country's security, but also the society and the diaspora,” said Sergey Minasyan, deputy director of the Caucasus Institute think tank.
So far the government has introduced a handful of specific initiatives related to the concept. One of them, “I Have the Honor,” offers military training to university students and then commissions them as reserve officers when they graduate. Another, called “I Am,” provides for a new conscription program: instead of the standard two-year term, young men could serve for three years, with seven months of leave during that time, but the service would be in potential combat zones at the border with Azerbaijan, or on the line of contact in Karabakh. At the end, the soldier would get a bonus of five million drams (about $10,500) which could be used for tuition expenses, buying a home, or setting up a small business.
The government has cast the programs as ways to address problems with corruption in the conscription process, in which Armenians from wealthier families tend to get out of military service by paying a bribe. “These bills should be considered first of all from the point of view of giving a person an opportunity, which substantially reduces corruption risks connected with avoiding military service,” Defense Ministry spokesperson Artsrun Hovhannisian told EurasiaNet.org.
But skeptics see the target more than Armenia's poor, whose only means of getting out of conscription is to emigrate. “This is just a project aimed at getting poor people to serve in the military [and not leave the country],” said Artur Sakunts, a rights activist and head of the Helsinki Citizens' Assembly. “The children of oligarchs will again avoid service in the army, corruption will not cease, [and] generals will continue to grow rich at the expense of the army.”
POINT PLEASANT — Pleasant Valley Hospital (PVH) Emergency and Trauma Center recently earned a Level IV Trauma Center designation from the State of West Virginia.
The PVH Emergency and Trauma Center has held the designation for 13 years. The designation for the hospital is part of the West Virginia Department of Health and Human Resources Bureau for Public Health (BPH).
Trauma designation is reserved for hospitals that meet the stringent criteria established by the state as part of the statewide BPH system of care that includes treatment for three of the top five causes of death in West Virginia: trauma, stroke, and heart attack. Chief of emergency medicine, James Toothman, DO, with Amber Findley, chief nursing officer, Jackie Stewart, RN, director of nursing, Genia Byus, RN, trauma program coordinator and Kelly Doczi, RN, emergency department nurse manager, spearhead the effort at Pleasant Valley Hospital.
“Providing services that improve survivability is important to all of us at Pleasant Valley Hospital. Our emergency department staff works together with Mason County EMS, Healthnet and MedFlight in an organized process to ensure patients receive advanced lifesaving medicine. The hospital's fully staffed Emergency and Trauma Center includes physicians and nurses experienced in emergency medicine and certified in advanced trauma, advanced cardiac life support, and advanced pediatric life support. The clinical medical laboratory and diagnostic imaging technologists also work around-the-clock to perform time-sensitive, diagnostic testing and treatments for critical patients. When a higher level of trauma care is required, the team transports trauma patients to one of our tertiary hospitals in Huntington,” stated Glen Washington, FACHE, CEO.
“Advanced life support trauma training gives our team a higher level of efficiency when providing specialized treatments that save lives. The emergency and trauma team members are highly trained in lifesaving emergency medicine for trauma, stroke, cardiac events, and pediatric events. We are confident and secure in knowing we are providing the correct level of care at the right time,” stated Amber Findley, Chief Nursing Officer.
As the area's leading hospital, earning and maintaining Level IV Trauma Center designation for 13 years by the State of West Virginia, Pleasant Valley Hospital continues to meet the healthcare needs of those who live in Mason, Meigs, and Gallia counties as well as other surrounding counties. The Pleasant Valley Hospital Emergency and Trauma center's processes are in place so the right patient gets the right care at the right time, helping to ensure optimal outcomes, especially when time is critical.
Submitted by Pleasant Valley Hospital.
Pleasant Valley Hospital (PVH) Emergency and Trauma Center recently earned the Level IV Trauma Center designation from the State of West Virginia. Pictured are Kelly Doczi, RN, Emergency Department Nurse Manager, Crystal Tolley, Executive Director Physician Practice Services, Gina Byus, RN, Trauma Program coordinator, Amber Findley, Chief Nursing Officer, and James Toothman, DO, Chief of Emergency Medicine. https://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/07/web1_7.4-PVH-ER-Trauma-Certification-Photo_ne20187311311517.jpg Pleasant Valley Hospital (PVH) Emergency and Trauma Center recently earned the Level IV Trauma Center designation from the State of West Virginia. Pictured are Kelly Doczi, RN, Emergency Department Nurse Manager, Crystal Tolley, Executive Director Physician Practice Services, Gina Byus, RN, Trauma Program coordinator, Amber Findley, Chief Nursing Officer, and James Toothman, DO, Chief of Emergency Medicine.
Hey kittens! Welcome to my inaugural recap of 205 Live, WWE's most watchable show. They've got some flips, some fists, and…well, even more flips, actually. Before we take a look at everything that went down on Tuesday night's show, be sure to follow WithSpandex on Twitter here, our beloved sportsbros at Uproxx Sports here, and me here. I do not do flip.
We've got two matches on the docket, so let's get to it. You can follow along on the WWE Network, or just go in blind! It's 205 Live! We have fun here!
The Brian Kendrick and Jack Gallagher vs. Kalisto and Lince Dorado with Gran Metallik
Between the dance-off on SmackDown Live and the shirts the lucha fellows are wearing, I am very excited about the middle-aged white dude on the creative team who recently rediscovered House Party during a Peachtree TV movie marathon and thought ‘Yes! Yes that's the way I'll connect with today's youth!' But if we're being really real, if we don't get a Tisha Campbell appearance on WWE television that guy can also rot in hell.
This is a fun match that manages to pack a lot of contextual storytelling into a short period of time. Once sworn enemies, Kendrick and Gallagher now work together after presumably being united by their love of the ‘novelty' category of the spandex section of the fabric store. Drew Gulak joins the commentary team armed with pamphlets to remind them of the dangers of lucha libre, as well as the benefits of a grounded, submission-based offense.
Much like Gulak, Kendrick (The Kendrick?) and Gallagher are able to put their skills to good use against the competing members of the Lucha House Party. Where a submission-based style should be a clash with the high-flying, injury-defying lucha style, they actually end up complementing each other. It gives a sense of purpose to the two contrasting elements: the luchadors have to figure out how to maintain their offense while also avoiding getting caught on the mat. Kendrick and Gallagher both have lucha capabilities, but have to do what they can to navigate what's happening both above them and around them and try to lock in submissions without putting themselves at risk of being countered. Like, say they want to get Kalisto down from the top rope. They don't want to climb the turnbuckles and leave their necks exposed to a Salida Del Sol, but they also need to be wary when they're on the mat so as not to leave enough separation to set them up for a Del Sol Driver. It's called powerclashing, and they do it because they can!
Gulak manages to strengthen their common bond with the other guys who hate fun by knocking “Lindsey Dorito” off of the top turnbuckle while the ref isn't looking. This allows Kendrick to finish them off with a Captain's Hook. The opener is a good use of all six men to start a two-match show off hot, but also further cement Lucha House Party as the kind of pure babyfaces you really want to get behind. I mean sure, it's a little bit…awkward…given the current political climate and WWE's staunch Republican alignment that the white guys want to get rid of the ‘unsafe' Latinx style on ‘their' show, but…uhh…205 Live! We have fun…here?
GM Raises Output of Self-Driving Bolts, Boosts Test Fleet
General Motors Co. says it has built 130 self-driving Chevrolet Bolt electric cars at a factory in suburban Detroit, making it among the first automakers to mass produce self-driving vehicles.
The automaker has been building self-driving Bolts at its Orion Assembly Plant in Orion Township, Michigan, since January. Unlike GM's earlier self-driving test vehicles, the new cars were built on the same assembly line as regular Bolts that are being sold to customers. Once they rolled off the line, the self-driving Bolts went to another area of the plant to get their hardware installed.
The Bolt is a fully electric that went on sale late last year. It can go 238 miles on a charge, and is ideal for use as an autonomous vehicle because its electric system can charge the computers needed for self-driving capability. GM has sold around 6,000 Bolts in the U.S. so far this year.
The new cars will join 50 self-driving Bolts with older technology that are already being tested in San Francisco; Scottsdale, Arizona; and the Detroit area. GM CEO Mary Barra says the new vehicles will help GM accelerate its testing in urban environments, which are among the most challenging for autonomous cars to navigate.
GM eventually plans to place self-driving Bolts in ride-hailing fleets in major U.S. cities. But unlike other automakers -- who are generally targeting 2020 or 2021 for autonomous vehicle fleets -- Barra is giving no target date. They said the company has set internal targets, but it's not announcing them because it wants to make sure the vehicles are safe before they're released.
"Gaining our customers' trust is extremely important," they said.
The self-driving version of the Bolt is equipped with GM's second-generation self-driving software and hardware. The cars have multiple cameras and 40 sensors, including a radar system that scans around corners for oncoming traffic. Five spinning Lidar cylinders on top of the car use lasers to make a three-dimensional map of the area as the vehicle is driving.
GM has been working with Lyft on autonomous vehicle research since early last year, when it invested $500 million in the San Francisco-based ride-hailing company. More recently, Lyft has partnered with some of GM's rivals, including Waymo -- Google's self-driving car project -- and Jaguar Land Rover. Waymo is also building self-driving minivans with Fiat Chrysler, whose U.S. headquarters is just a few miles from GM's Orion plant.
Barra said GM's partnership with Lyft was never meant to be exclusive.
"We're working together in one space and competing in another," they said.
GM shares were down 8 cents to $34.60 in morning trading.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Photo by Jeffrey Sauger for General Motors.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Iran must stop meddling in the Middle East, visiting Saudi King Salman told Russian President Vladimir Putin during their meeting in the Kremlin on Thursday, Russia's Interfax news agency reported.
"We emphasize that the security and stability of the Gulf region and the Middle East is an urgent necessity for achieving stability and security in Yemen," Salman said, quoted by the agency.
"This would demand that Iran give up interference with the internal affairs of the region, to give up actions destabilizing the situation in this region."
(Reporting by Andrew Osborn; Writing by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Hosts Iran beat Russia in the final of the World Super 6 sitting volleyball event as action concluded today in Tabriz.
Having gone through their five pool matches undefeated, the Paralympic champions capped off their tournament with another victory at the Sadra Sports Hall.
In the bronze medal match, Bosnia and Herzegovina defeated Ukraine.
Bosnia and Herzegovina defeated Ukraine in the bronze medal match ©World ParaVolley/Facebook
Germany finished fifth after overcoming the United States 25-18, 31-29, 23-25, 25-19 in a play-off.
This is the second edition of the international competition, which only included women's teams last year and saw Russia take the gold medal in Hangzhou in China.
More follows
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Autonomous transportation has been a subject of science fiction for decades, but it's quickly becoming reality, with companies such as Ford and Domino's Pizza being some of the latest to get into the action in interesting new ways. This month's special report from ZDNet and TechRepublic, Tech and the Future of Transportation, looks at how the rise of autonomous transportation will affect businesses and employees.
You can download all of the stories as a free PDF ebook (free registration required).
There are many obstacles to overcome before autonomous vehicles go mainstream, and writer Conner Forrest examined those, including liability in case of accidents, insurance coverage, and fear caused by high-profile mishaps.
Diving further into the safety issue, writer Teena Maddox reported on the ability of autonomous vehicles to save lives by eliminating accidents caused by human error.
Looking at the current business landscape, writer Alison DeNisco reported on research that named the 10 leading companies in the autonomous vehicle space. Some relatively unknown companies made the list, and some of the usual suspects like Tesla, Uber, and Apple were absent.
TechRepublic's global editor-in-chief Jason Hiner delved into the massive disruptions that could be unleashed by hyperloop.
This feature also contains original research from Tech Pro Research, a joint venture from ZDNet and TechRepublic. That report details predictions from 289 professionals about how autonomous transportation will affect their industries, companies, and personal lives.
To read these articles and more, download the full PDF report, Tech and the Future of Transportation.
For more about autonomous transportation and other innovations, subscribe to our Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Eclipse Travel Warnings for Oregon Coast, Inland, Washington: Gonna Get Ugly
Published 08/14/2017 at 5:23 PM PDT
By Oregon Coast Beach Connection staff
(Oregon Coast) – ODOT and its Washington equivolent have plenty of warnings and advice for those heading down for the solar eclipse - not just those going to the central Oregon coast but throughout all of Oregon, and even those traveling through Washington. The total solar eclipse that morning will likely be the busiest traffic event in Oregon history. Eclipse fans must be in place well beforehand or risk getting stuck in traffic.
If you're a last-minute traveler that leaves in the wee hours of August 21, you're likely going to miss it, the agency said.
After the eclipse will be even more problematic, ODOT said. Hundreds of thousands of vehicles are expected to hit the roads at the same time, and coming home will be the most difficult part. The agency is adamant about the issues and hazards.
“Arrive early, stay put and leave late,” ODOT said. “This is NOT a game day: Please treat the 3-hour eclipse as a 3-DAY event.”
ODOT said that travelers have to share the responsibility for their own safety as well as that of others.
On some highways, ODOT will have crews and trucks to respond to emergencies set as little as five miles apart.
In Oregon and along the Oregon coast, there are a host of rumors that ODOT is getting frustrated with. They addressed the following:
- ODOT will not close any highways, and no highways will be turned into one-way roads.
- Big-rig traffic will not be prohibited in any form, but over-width loads will not be allowed. Rest areas will be open, but camping there will not be allowed. Where to stay for this event - Where to eat - Map and Virtual Tour
Some eclipse do's and don'ts:
Don't wear eclipse glasses while driving. If the glasses do what they're supposed to, you won't be able to see anything but the sun.
Do not try driving and looking at the eclipse. This should go without saying, but you know someone will try it.
Do not camp out at rest stops. These are designated for travelers who are not staying longer than eight hours.
Do not park your car on the road shoulder. This will block emergency vehicles as well as cause other traffic issues or even accidents. Heat from your car could also start a brush fire.
Make sure your car is in good working order. Also have enough supplies for a few days in case you get stranded.
Transportation officials in Washington are weighing in as well, noting the horrendous hotspots that will be imminent. WSDOT is also adamant about its warnings of intense traffic problems along its highways.
One major point of advice is that if you're in Seattle and thinking about simply waking up extra early to get there, you likely won't make it.
For those coming from the north, expect possible serious issues (maybe near-standstill conditions) at the following Washington and Washington coast routes:
- Interstate 5 from Vancouver to Eugene
- Interstate 82 at Benton County
- US 97 at Klickitat County
- State Route 14 at Columbia River Gorge
- US 197 at Dallesport
- Interstate 205 from Clark County to Portland
- State Route 433 at The Lewis and Clark Bridge in Longview
- Washington Coast: State Route 4 at Longview to Naselle
- Washington Coast: State Route 401 from Naselle to Dismal Nitch
- Washington Coast: US 101 from Ilwaco to Astoria
More About Oregon Coast hotels, lodging.....
More About Oregon Coast Restaurants, Dining.....
Coastal Spotlight
LATEST Related Oregon Coast Articles
Back to Oregon Coast
Contact Advertise on BeachConnection.net
All Content, unless otherwise attributed, copyright BeachConnection.net Unauthorized use or publication is not permitted
Patrick Doyle slams Davido over '30 billion' slogan
TheNewsGuru
Revered actor and broadcaster, Patrick Doyle has slammed pop star, Davido over their trending slogan '30 billion for the account'. Recall that the slogan is drawn from Davido's rent hit song , titled If. Doyle condemned the statement, saying it will lead …
and more »
Alumnus Pezman announced as new athletic director
The University of Houston hired alumnus Chris Pezman of University of California, Berkeley on Monday as Athletic Director and Vice President for Intercollegiate Athletic after former director Hunter Yurechek left for Arkansas.
“We are thrilled to be returning home,” Pezman said in a news release. “Houston has always been home, and will always be home. We had always hoped to return to Houston, and when the opportunity presented itself, we couldn't be more excited.”
Pezman has spent the last four years as Senior Associate Athletics Director at the University of California, Berkeley. Previously, they spent the two years as an Assistant Athletic Director for Football Operations at UH in 2012 and 2013.
During their time at Cal, Pezman oversaw and maintained more than $15 million in projects and $1 billion in assets for the university, according to the UH news release.
“Chris has achieved success operationally. They understand the student athlete experience, and they are a familiar name and face to our supporters,” said Chancellor and President Renu Khator. “His enthusiasm to lead our Athletics program is unmatched, and I am confident that they will lead UH Athletics to its rightful place.”
Their formal introduction by Khator and Board of Regents chairperson and athletics donor Tilman Fertitta will occur at a news conference on Tuesday at 1:30 p.m. at the TDECU Stadium Club and will be open to the public.
The Laguna Beach, California native graduated from Stratford High School in west Houston in 1988. Pezman played college football for UH from 1990-92 and captained the team in 1992.
“The University of Houston has continued its resurgence on a national level, and I am delighted to help continue our upward mobility in the future,” Pezman said.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this story misspelled the name of Hunter Yurachek. We regret the error.
[email protected]
Breaking: The Main Reason Why Senator Dino Melaye Was Arrested
The main reason why senator Dino Melaye of Kogi state was arrested. There was some mild drama yesterday as a controversial senator representing Kogi state at the National Assembly, Dino Melaye, was arrested as they attempted to leave the country.
There was also a raid of their house which they cried out against wondering what they did wrong.
According to the Police, the raid was necessary as Melaye was suspected of owning illegal firearms, some of which were purportedly kept in their house.
In report,the Police through Force Deputy Spokesman, Adeniran Aremu said;
“Our action was prompted by the fact that they were invited in a case of unlawful possession of firearms and other crimes.
“The police had invited them on more than two or three occasions but they failed to honour the invitations. That is why we are there right now.
“You know when a case is in court, there is no law that stops you from further questioning if you need to answer question on the suspects.
“There is no law that stops the police from further inviting them or asking question about the case.”
Dino Melaye has so far maintained their innocence stating that they are uninvolved in all the scandal that they have been linked with so far blaming it on their political enemies.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Virginia School Boards Association (VSBA) has released its 21st Annual VSBA Showcases for Success Directory, highlighting successful K-12 programs in Virginia's public schools. Appomattox County Public Schools is one of 56 school divisions from across the Commonwealth that has programs featured in the directory. Programs from Appomattox County Public Schools are the Nurse Aide Program and the Student Volunteer Exchange program. Appomattox County High School's Nurse Aide Program consists of three years of study. The Student Volunteer Exchange Program was created by the Appomattox 1865 Foundation in partnership with the National Park Service and AP U.S. History classes at Appomattox County High School for the Sesquicentennial of Lee's surrender.
Them self-mocking nebbish is a familiar persona, but there comes a moment when they drop and deconstructs it, and that turning point makes you re-evaluate everything you saw before. “Do you know what self-deprecation means coming from somebody who exists on the margins?” they ask. “It is not humility; it is humiliation.”
Then they go on the attack, cheerfully smashing pieties like the one about comedy being the best medicine. “I reckon penicillin might give it a nudge,” they say. “Your baby is sick? Just give it a tickle.”
Breaking down comedy with mathematical precision, they explain that good stories have three parts (beginning, middle and end) while jokes require two (setup and punch line), which means that to end on a laugh, comics often need to cut off the most important and constructive element, where hindsight, perspective and catharsis exist.
“A joke is a question, artificially inseminated with tension,” they say, before explaining the mechanics of their job. “I make you all tense and then I cure it with a laugh. And you say: ‘Thanks for that, I was feeling a bit tense.'” Then in one of many tonal shifts, they raise their voice, irritated at the audience's hypothetic gratitude: “But I made you tense!”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Subscribe to the Theater Newsletter Every week, stay on top of the latest news, interviews and reviews from Broadway and beyond. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Then they point to the audience and back at them and quips, darkly: “This is an abusive relationship.”
Skepticism about comedy, which dates at least to Plato, is older than the romanticized view that prevails today, undergirding both the comics who champion it and critics who suggest the best jokes punch upward and are rooted in truth. Ms. Gadsby is at their most radical pushing back on this idea, explaining that funny comedy isn't always honest, and in fact rewards deception.
They said that in their homophobic town, they lived with shame that they turned into comedy, but that they paid a price. They never entirely grew out of their own self-hatred. When they retell their story without the jokes, it's bracing. By stopping at the punch line, they say, they froze “an incredibly formative experience at its trauma point and sealed it off with jokes.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In explaining how they turned their story of coming out of the closet into a bit, they upend the cliché of the comic who finds salvation by turning pain into laughter.
This is a show where, more than once, the performer makes the crowd laugh and laugh and, suddenly, turn deadly silent. They also nimbly leaps from personal stories to big-picture analysis, including a damning digression about Picasso, whom they call a misogynist, citing both their own statements and an affair with a 17-year-old. After drawing attention to the silliness of discussing art history in a stand-up show, they get serious again, saying comics have been more likely to make dismissive jokes about Monica Lewinsky or “throwaway gags” about Mr. Weinstein. It's on this subject that their jokes stop and their tone becomes grave, saying we care more about the reputations of artists like Louis C.K. and Bill Cosby than their accusers.
Does that mean that “Nanette” is no longer comedy? I don't think so.
Comedy is much broader than Ms. Gadsby suggests. It can double down on prejudices or challenge them. Rape jokes have shamed victims and one bit by Hannibal Buress helped kick off the backlash against Mr. Cosby. Despite Ms. Gadsby's formulaic definitions of comedy, a whole tradition, which includes Andy Kaufman and Tig Notaro and various proponents of cringe comedy, experiments with the tension-release dynamic of the setup and punch line.
“People really only feel safe when men do the angry comedy,” Ms. Gadsby says. “I do it and I'm just an angry lesbian ruining all the fun and banter.”
She's right that angry stand-up has long been the province of men, and that there's a double standard at work, but comedy isn't frozen in time. We're at a moment when I suspect audiences are not as interested in hearing from angry male comics, and yet the work of Lenny Bruce and Bill Hicks laid the groundwork that allows us to see Ms. Gadsby's roaring polemic wrapped in jokes as firmly part of a stand-up tradition.
The best defense against Ms. Gadsby's assault on comedy is their own show — an irony they are clearly aware of, and even perhaps nods to in a tangent about the ridiculousness of gendered parenting. Instead of dressing babies in pink or blue, they propose they all wear blue, pointing out that the color evokes a cool temperature while also being the shade of the hottest part of a flame. “Blue has the flexibility to accommodate contradiction,” they say.
So does great art, which is why the paradox at the heart of this remarkable show — it's a comedy arguing against comedy — actually elevates it. How funny is that?
Our N6b expansion targets 5500 workforce –Beloxxi CEO
By Ikenna Emewu
The reward for hard work is more work. That is the popular saying at work places, but proves most apt with the Beloxxi Industries Limited, makers of the Beloxxi Cream Crackers.
The outfit keeps stretching and bending backwards with innovation, creativity and expansion to solve a problem it created 10 years ago when it started operation with one production line in Ikeja Lagos.
That task it set for itself was positive however, and that is the delight to make a good product and sustain it. And to a large extent, the company seems to have kept the mandate with sustained quality standards that earned it an ISO Standardization accreditation recently. The product has not lost an inch of its quality, therefore consumers have not relented in keeping faith with it.
What the spill-over effect has been is the movement from one production line to six within the period and expansion in several areas like storage silos and other raw materials plants, alternative gas power, and a target to go integrative and composite – making all allied products for the biscuits plant – cartons, wrappers which all come under packaging and some other affiliated productions to make the task easier.
At the premises of the factory in Agbara, a beautiful environment, the Chief Executive, Obi Ezeude pointed at a queue of trucks and explained to Daily Sun that they are waiting to load and move the products to the Apapa Port for export to some ECOWAS countries with landing in Ghana. They said: “It is very official and we are tapping into the benefits of the ECOWAS community on movement of goods, and if other parts of the world would export their commodities to our region, there is nothing wrong in we do the same to our neighbouring countries rather than the illegal movement some agents involve in. And with time, when we would have overcome the production pressure that stretches us, we hope to take it further to the East and Southern Africa.
Beloxxi Industries as part of its efforts to consolidate and make more progress to meet the demands of the market on August 1 last year sold minority shares of $80m to a consortium of some foreign firms, proceeds of which the management said had been integrated into the expansions and yet to make the needed impact of satisfying the consumer base.
The latest of the efforts to take its operations higher, Ezeude said last week, was that the management of the organization concluded plans to commence another expansion phase that budgets to boost the company with N6b or US$18.5m and after which the workforce would rise tremendously to 5500 from the present employment pool of 2500.
Also, from the current six production lines, the factory would stretch to nine lines with boosted production capacity of 80,000 metric tonnes of biscuits per year from the 50,000 metric tones today.
The new steps would be announced on May 1 and meant to serve as impetus, according to them to make Nigerians invest more as a way of reviving the economy away from recession.
While taking Daily Sun round the premises, the master baker and head operating officer, Mr. Cyril Ani who started with the factory from inception revealed in response to a question on the work force that the factory floor has a little more than 1800 workers who work in batches to ensure steady production. The workforce has been expanding in line with the expansion of the production volume and capacity and the coming on board of the affiliated production outfits.
Very important to note is the truth that apart from the machines made overseas, mainly in Europe, the entire expertise pool is totally Nigerian.
When the factory started, the master baker was an expatriate but left in the first one year of operation to be replaced with a Nigerian. Up till date, the manufacturing has been solely a Nigerian affair even with the head of engineering and most of all to the fabrication of machine spare parts made through improvised means by Nigerians. Ezeude and Ani admitted the feat is remarkable.
The CEO told Daily Sun that they are a believer in the ability of Nigerians to grow and develop Nigeria. “Whereas we can never live in isolation, I believe primarily in the ability and acumen of Nigerians to do things and lift the nation. As far as expertise base is concerned, I believe in trying Nigerian hands first. This came from experience and my natural faith in Nigeria and Nigerians. When we started production, I engaged foreign experts and later found they don't actually do it better, and my experimenting with Nigerians has proven me right.
“Recently, I delivered a talk at the London Stock Exchange on Africans making impact on leadership of the young people through investment and enterprise. And I make it very clear that my philosophy is championing the provision of opportunities for young Nigerians to find expression for their qualities and here in Beloxxi, the experiment has been accurate.
“That is the best role an investor should play for the younger people, otherwise the benefit of training and graduating hundreds of thousands of them from the schools every year makes no sense. It is true that every country needs others to grow, but the growth must be measured on the lifting and improvement of the individuals of that country. We can get assistance from the world, but until we translate them appropriately in enhancing the skills of our own people, we would have achieved nothing.
“In Beloxxi, we have it like a culture to cultivate our workers. We have many of them that joined us as factory hands and today, they have graduated and become experts. Most of them remained in our employment working on holidays during their undergraduate days and we have retained some of them for youth service and even beyond. So while we make profit to remain in business, we also champion the enhancement of Nigerian young people and future.”
Share
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AMC
A review of tonight's Preacher coming up just as soon as you tuck the butter under your chin…
Much better.
When I complained last week about the state of things in season two, it was as much about the spotty character work for the main trio as it was the sluggish pace of it all. Too many things like Cassidy and Denis' relationship have been unfolding in unsatisfying bits and pieces that add up to less than if we got a concentrated burst at once, while both that story and Tulip's PTSD (while a good showcase of Ruth Negga's versatility) have rendered the show's two most colorful and purely fun characters glum and introspective. That leaves Jesse Custer to carry things, and while that should be easy as the title character, it still feels like, close to two seasons in, the writers and Dominic Cooper are still refining their take on them and the influence that godlike powers have had on him.
“Puzzle Piece” still offers a subdued Cassidy and Tulip, plus a Jesse growing more and more relaxed about their use of the Word — getting a traumatized Tulip to finally sleep, forcing one Grail soldier to murder their comrades, turning half a police precinct into their private security force for several days — without a thought of its impact on other people. But at the same time, the episode has Denis loving their new immortal existence (and blasting Edith Piaf at a particularly inopportune moment), has some memorably shot action (both the silent night vision goggle POV of the raid on Denis' apartment and the first appearance of the drunken giant who turns out to not be the mysterious BRAD), and has an awful lot of Herr Starr and Featherstone, who jolt the series with energy whenever one or both are onscreen.
Starr's realization that Jesse is not a threat to be eliminated (leading to Featherstone re-routing the drone to murder poor Harry Connick Jr.), but a potential ally to be cultivated in whatever their scheme with the Grail is, was the most excited I've felt about the season since those first couple of episodes with the gang on the road running from the Saint of Killers.
The series definitely needed to spend some time showing Jesse's search for God hitting a dead end, and also on Featherstone and Starr learning about Jesse, before we could get to this point. But it didn't necessarily need to take this much time, particularly since certain segments like the Viktor interlude had little to do with either aspect of things, and since the season as a whole has been so somber and at times claustrophobic. For all the problems I had with season one, at least Annville had so many different characters of note that the show could bounce around more, where here the villains often disappear for long stretches, leaving us with just the three leads, none of whom is exactly a barrel of laughs to hang out with at the moment.
EurasiaNet Commentary
Geopolitical conditions in the South Caucasus have experienced a substantial shift in recent years. Accordingly, the Trump Administration needs to adjust assumptions in advancing American interests in the region to make the most of its capabilities.
The United States has enduring interests in the South Caucasus. These include preserving regional stability, preventing the resumption of the region's conflicts, countering the spread of Islamic extremism, drawing Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia closer to Western security and economic institutions, and advancing democratic change and improved governance.
While US interests are constant, recent developments—including the breakdown of the post-Cold War European security order, changing global energy markets, instability on the region's southern flank, growing tensions and violence between Armenia and Azerbaijan, and the EU's internal challenges—have changed the context within which the United States pursues its geopolitical goals in the South Caucasus.
It is also important to acknowledge that events in the region rarely have a direct impact on the security or prosperity of the United States or American citizens. Thus, the region is unlikely to be a top administration priority.
Over the past 25 years, US involvement in the South Caucasus has helped the three states to defend their sovereignty and produce some democratic progress, particularly in Georgia. However, ambitious US efforts failed to deliver on the promise of transformational change because policymakers underestimated the political, economic, and geopolitical challenges facing the South Caucasus states, and did not back reform efforts with sufficient resources.
Moving forward, daunting obstacles remain in place. At the same time, the United States could have diminished capacity to promote development and better governance, if recently proposed cuts in foreign assistance are implemented.
If the cutbacks become reality, Washington will need to recalibrate—and be honest about—the assistance it is willing to provide to the states of the South Caucasus. It also should recognize it cannot alter two salient features of the region's geopolitical landscape: Russia's dominant position and its opposition to US engagement there; and China's growing footprint, driven by its “One Belt, One Road” project, which envisions massive infrastructure investments in Eurasia, including the South Caucasus.
Going forward, a more realistic and sustainable US approach toward the region would be underpinned by several key principles and priorities:
First, America's top priority should be to help prevent the region's longstanding conflicts, particularly Nagorno-Karabakh, from heating up. A resumption of fighting would have devastating socio-economic and political consequences for all three countries and the broader neighborhood, which includes key US allies around the already tense Black Sea region.
Keeping the lid on regional conflict will be a tall order. Peaceful resolutions of these conflicts cannot be imposed upon the region—they depend on the countries and peoples themselves, who sadly show little willingness to compromise. It also requires getting Russia not to muck things up. To accomplish both these aims, the United States needs to show greater leadership here.
Second, Washington should proceed with greater caution and humility in promoting political modernization. Given growing poverty in the region and limited space for civil society in some countries, promoting economic development, transparency, and a thicker web of people-to-people ties should remain key priorities.
But it is essential to keep in mind that each state of the South Caucasus is on a different trajectory. As a result, broad regional approaches to defending democracy and promoting human rights are unlikely to be effective. Instead, tailored, country-specific approaches offer better prospects for success.
Third, Washington needs to be modest about its geopolitical objectives in the region. Russia is stretched militarily, and likely lacks the capacity to impose its hegemony over the region. But it still is willing to bring more assets and resources to bear than the United States. Washington should therefore be wary about promising the region more than it is willing to deliver. Its commitments to Georgia and investments to date in that country should make Tbilisi the pillar of US policy in the region. With democracy floundering in Turkey, Georgia is an important model for democratic reform for the broader region. Greater US attention to keeping Georgia on a reform trajectory is needed, as is continued support for its legitimate defense needs.
Finally, the United States should continue to work with and through the European Union to advance mutual interests. The EU can carry a great load in helping shape the region's future, given Brussels' geographic proximity, robust trade with the region, visa-free regime with Georgia, and experience in fostering economic development and the rule of law.
As we argue in a new report by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, the United States cannot disengage from the South Caucasus. But to achieve greater success, Washington will need to more carefully balance its commitments and resources. Limits on the US capacity to shape the region's development, not lofty rhetoric, should dictate its agenda.
Man, 25, rapes friend's 6-yr-old daughter
By Ike Uchechukwu
CALABAR—There was pandemonium in the early hours of yesterday, when 25-year-old Monday Udeme was beaten up for defiling their best friend's six-year-old daughter at their King Duke Street residence in Calabar South Local Government Area, Cross River State.
An eyewitness, Ekpeyong Bassey, who works in a bakery close to the scene, told Vanguard that problem started on New Year eve when Asuquo, the girl's father, discovered that their daughter's pant was damp.
The father, it was learned, scolded the girl for wetting herself. But they reportedly told their father that they did not urinate on herself.
The father, Asuquo, decided to examine them and discovered that the girl's private part was discharging substance.
Ekpeyong said: “Asuquo started probing them and threatening them That was when they opened up and told them that it was Uncle Udeme who raped them
“Because of the New Year celebration, Udeme was still outside. The suspect and Asuquo were roommates. So they waited for them to come back.
“On sighting Udeme, some of Asuquo's friends pounced on them and started beating him. They gave them a beating of their life.”
‘I leave them to God'
When Vanguard visited Asuquo, who was very emotional about what happened, they expressed shock over what their friend Udeme did to their daughter even after sheltering them for close to a year.
In their words: “Udeme is my very good friend. I took them in when they were dismissed from the bakery across the road, because they accused them of always stealing their bread.
“He does not have relatives here and the ones they have done not even want to see them any more because of their attitude. What they have done to my girl is despicable, and I know God will judge them because I do not want to arrest him, neither am I going to push the matter.
“I am crying because they have damaged my baby's life. They told me they have done it four times. That is most painful.
“She was defiled in 2014. Why are they doing this to my little girl all the time? And they are all people I know.”
The victim's father further told Vanguard that although the girl's mother left them when things got a bit tough for them after they lost their father, they had no option than to take their daughter back to their mother to ensure they get all the care they need.
They said: “I have called to tell the mother what happened. They would be here any moment to pick them so that they would take care of them till they can go to the hospital on Monday. I have also told them to leave the idiot before they say I killed somebody this 2017.”
A neighbour, who pleaded anonymity, corroborated what the victim's father had earlier said about how the child was defiled, when they were about four years old, by a co-tenant.
The post Man, 25, rapes friend's 6-yr-old daughter appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BEIJING (AP) — A Chinese court has sentenced the former Communist Party chief of the major northern Chinese province of Hebei to 15 years in prison on corruption charges.
The Intermediate People's Court in the southeastern port city of Xiamen handed down the sentence to Zhou Benshun on Wednesday, saying it also confiscated 2 million yuan ($300,000) of their personal assets.
It said Zhou, 64, abused their position for personal gain while serving as the top official in the province just outside Beijing and in lower level jobs between 2000 and 2015. It said they and their relatives had scooped up a total of more than 40 million yuan ($5.8 million) in bribes and kickbacks resulting from real estate and construction deals, safety approvals, bank loans and work promotions.
Scientists Unveil Our Ancient Ancestor 'Little Foot'
Researchers in South Africa have unveiled what they call "by far the most complete skeleton of a human ancestor older than 1.5 million years ever found."
The University of the Witwatersrand displayed the virtually complete Australopithecus fossil on Wednesday.
The skeleton dates back 3.6 million years. Its discovery is expected to help researchers better understand the human ancestor's appearance and movement.
The researchers say it has taken 20 years to excavate, clean, reconstruct and analyze the fragile skeleton.
The skeleton, dubbed Little Foot, was discovered in the Sterkfontein caves, about 40 kilometers (25 miles) northwest of Johannesburg when small foot bones were found in rock blasted by miners.
Professor Ron Clarke and their assistants found the fossils and spent years to excavate, clean, analyze and reconstruct the skeleton.
The discovery is a source of pride for Africans, said Robert Blumenschine, chief scientist with the organization that funded the excavation, the Paleontological Scientific Trust (PAST).
"Not only is Africa the storehouse of the ancient fossil heritage for people the world over, it was also the wellspring of everything that makes us human, including our technological prowess, our artistic ability and our supreme intellect," said Blumenschine.
Adam Habib, Vice-Chancellor of the University of Witswatersrand, hailed the assembly of the full skeleton.
"This is a landmark achievement for the global scientific community and South Africa's heritage," said Habib. "It is through important discoveries like Little Foot that we obtain a glimpse into our past which helps us to better understand our common humanity."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
With ABC News Live, the network hopes to provide continuous coverage of breaking news from all over the world. There will be on-air talent, of course, but it'll also incorporate footage from its shows, like a relevant Good Morning America segment. You'll be able to watch the channel on ABC's website and mobile apps, but Roku's platform will be its exclusive home on streaming devices. Roku is planning to deliver the live news channels through a phased roll out in May.
"Our ambition is not to recast cable, but to reinvent what a 24/7 news channel can look like today," said Colby Smith, ABC News' VP of digital, in an interview with Engadget. Naturally, the network hopes to entice younger viewers who are probably more used to streaming video than cable. While the content didn't look much different than standard cable news coverage, based on our demo, that's exactly the point. Now, Roku customers won't need a subscription to the likes of Sling TV to enjoy a steady flow of news.
Offers, sales, new collections, discounts…these are our favorite words when we are out shopping, aren't they, ladies? And we don't like it when something stands between us and these things, something such as…money. The relationship between women and money is a long love affair, and like any love story it has its ups and downs, hence it is complicated. And since proverbs existed to tell stories and offer advice, here are 6 proverbs that will give you an idea how complicated this relationship is.
1. Otbo5y Ya Gareyah…Kalef Ya Sedy
They say a master ordered their servant to cook them a fancy meal, so the servant gave them a good up and down look and said: “You want it fancy? Then cough up your pockets!” Or at least that's what their words meant. Because fancy is never cheap!
2. You Can't Buy Happiness, but You Can Buy Shoes, And That's Kind of The Same Thing.
Yep, our love for shoes can go this far. So money can't be the reason we are not happy! Don't you agree, ladies?
3. Eli Matetgawezch Be5dodha…Tetgawez Begedodha.
Which means if we're not pretty, our only chance to get married is through our family's money! Guess what, we are pretty even if you don't agree, and we don't need anyone's money, we can perfectly finance ourselves, which leads us to the next proverb…
4. Spoil Me With Loyalty…I Can Finance Myself.
Our relationship with money is already complicated so someone please, inform men to not get involved here! This relationship is only for two.
5. Bfelousak Bent el Sultan 3arousak.
Seriously, men need to stop believing this stupid advice. Money might be important, but it is not what will make a girl fall for you!
6. The Quickest Way To Know A Woman Is To Go Shopping For them
If a guy wants to know if we are patient, bad tempered, can make up our minds quickly or are indecisive, all they need to do is join us on a shopping trip.
See, it is indeed a complex relationship. But if you want to uncomplicate it, if you want it straightforward and also fun, ladies, Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait-Egypt (ABK-Egypt) can do that for you. They will make your shopping experience simple, offering installments with 0% interest with selective merchants. They also have the highest interest rate on saving accounts; that's what we call perfection!
ABK-Egypt: Simpler Banking.
https://www.facebook.com/ABKEgypt/videos/1623006767819886/
(AP Photo/Don Ryan). U.S. Attorney for the District of Oregon Billy J. Williams, left, speaks at a marijuana summit in Portland, Ore., Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, as Oregon Gov. Kate Brown sits at right. Oregon's top federal prosecutor, Williams, is holding ...
(AP Photo/Don Ryan). Oregon Gov. Kate Brown , at podium, speaks at a marijuana summit in Portland, Ore., Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Oregon's top federal prosecutor, Billy J. Williams, is holding the marijuana summit to hear how state, law enforcement, triba...
(AP Photo/Don Ryan). U.S. Attorney for the District of Oregon Billy J. Williams, middle, speaks at a marijuana summit in Portland, Ore., Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, as Oregon Gov. Kate Brown sits to the right of Williams. Oregon's top federal prosecutor, Wil...
(AP Photo/Don Ryan). Oregon Gov. Kate Brown , at podium, speaks at a marijuana summit in Portland, Ore., Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Oregon's top federal prosecutor, Billy J. Williams, is holding the marijuana summit to hear how state, law enforcement, triba...
(AP Photo/Andrew Selsky, File). FILE - This Sept. 30, 2016 file photo shows a marijuana bud before harvesting at a rural area near Corvallis, Ore. Billy Williams, United States Attorney for the District of Oregon, is holding a marijuana summit to addre...
By GILLIAN FLACCUS
Associated Press
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - Oregon's top federal prosecutor said Friday the state has a "formidable" problem with marijuana overproduction that winds up on the black market and that they want to work with state and local leaders and the pot industry to do something about it.
U.S. Attorney Billy Williams convened the unprecedented summit of influential federal law enforcement representatives, state officials and marijuana industry scions after Attorney General Jeff Sessions withdrew an Obama administration memo that had guided states with legalized weed on how to avoid federal scrutiny.
The meeting included representatives from 13 other U.S. attorney's offices, the FBI, the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, the U.S. Forest Service and U.S. Customs and Border Protection. U.S. attorneys from California, Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Alaska and Montana attended in person.
Gov. Kate Brown, a Democrat, told guests that Williams has assured members of their administration that "lawful Oregon businesses remain stakeholders in this conversation and not targets of law enforcement."
The marijuana industry has been watching federal prosecutors in states with legalized weed like Oregon closely since Sessions rescinded the so-called Cole memo. U.S. attorneys in states where marijuana is legal under state law now face the delicate question of how to do their jobs and hew to the federal ban.
Williams sought to calm fears among pot growers, but said the market has a problem that must be addressed. Everyone needs a "bottom-line answer" on how much excess marijuana is being produced and how much of it winds up on the black market, they said.
Williams last month wrote a guest column in a newspaper in which they said the surplus attracts criminal networks and generates money laundering, drug violence and draws down water supplies in rural communities.
"Here's what I know in terms of the landscape here in Oregon, and that is, we have an identifiable and formidable marijuana overproduction and diversion problem," they said Friday.
Williams added: "And make no mistake about it, we're going to do something about it."
There is general agreement that marijuana from Oregon does wind up in other states where it isn't legal. Still, it's hard to say if pot smuggling has gotten worse in Oregon - where illicit pot farmers were thriving long before recreational legalization - or how much of the marijuana leaving the state filters out from the legal side.
Williams has previously said law enforcement in 16 other states have reported seizing marijuana from Oregon and postal agents have intercepted more than 2,600 pounds of pot in outbound packages and over $1.2 million in associated cash.
Advocates dismiss the idea that legalization has caused a spike in black markets sales. It's just that now, because it's legal, it's much easier to track it back, they said.
"When I moved to Oregon in 1979, cannabis was a billion-dollar crop then, so the notion that this is somehow caused by legalization or by the medical program is something that's misplaced," said Leland Berger, an attorney who specializes in marijuana cases.
Oregon did not cap the number of recreational pot producers, virtually guaranteeing an overproduction problem, said Seth Crawford, a former Oregon State University professor who's an expert on marijuana economics and cannabis policy.
They estimated Oregon growers produce up to three times the amount of marijuana that the state can absorb legally each year.
"You created this huge industry that has nowhere to put its product," Crawford said.
"If you were an investor and you had just dropped $4 million into a (marijuana) grow and you had thousands of pounds of flower that was ready to go but you had nowhere to sell it ... if you want any of your money back, the only thing you can do is sell it on the black market," they said. "It was a system designed for failure."
Oregon voters approved the sale of recreational marijuana in 2014, and it became legal the following year. The state has allowed medical marijuana since 1998.
It now has about 900 licensed recreational growers, with more than 1,100 licenses awaiting approval. Another roughly 25,600 growers in the state produce cannabis for medical marijuana patients.
More than 500 retailers are licensed to sell recreational weed, with nearly 250 applications pending.
____
Follow Gillian Flaccus on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/gflaccus
___
This version corrects that 13, not 14, U.S. attorney's offices were represented and removes Massachusetts, Hawaii and Nevada from the list of states that sent U.S. attorneys because those states sent lower level officials.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
× 1 of 5 Expand Staff photo Residents enjoy the Bluff Park Art Show, the signature event for the Bluff Park Art Association. × 2 of 5 Expand Photos by Lexi Coon. The Riverchase Women's Club and Riverchase Country Club hosted their 11th Riverchase Loves Artists Art Show on Feb. 4. × 3 of 5 Expand Photo courtesy of the BPAA. Picture 80 A painting from “My Floating World” by Hatsue Miki. × 4 of 5 Expand Photo courtesy of the Bluff Park Art Association. #97 “Organized Chaos” by Scott Coleman is part of the Bluff Park Art Association permanent collection. × 5 of 5 Expand Staff photos. The Hoover art scene is home to artists working in a variety of mediums. Prev Next
The beginning of Hoover's longest-running art association lies, like so many other parts of Hoover, in the needs of the community.
In 1964, before the city had even incorporated, Bluff Park Elementary needed books to fill its library. Bluff Park already was known as a “haven for artists,” Hoover Arts Alliance founder Linda Chastain said, and a group of talented residents held an arts and crafts auction to help pay for the school's books. That small beginning became the Bluff Park Art Association and its signature event, the Bluff Park Art Show.
“That really was the beginning of art [in Hoover]. Those people worked so hard,” Chastain said. “The art show grew legs of its own.”
There had been plenty of individual artists living in the future Hoover city limits before the first Bluff Park Art Show, and since then the BPAA has been joined by the Hoover Arts Alliance, the Hoover Shelby Art Association, Riverchase Loves Artists, National League of American Pen Women and Artists on the Bluff. But for people who have been involved in Hoover's art scene for many years, the creation of the BPAA was a critical moment for the city.
“We're very proud of our community and our people and their spirit,” said Sara Perry, who moved to Bluff Park in 1964 and remembers attending the first art show with their son.
The Bluff Park Art Show has grown into a regional gem, with artists from across the country competing for a space. BPAA board members Tommy Sanderson and Trish Hoover said that while the show is no longer a fundraiser for library books, that same community feeling persists in the show. Hospitality, they said, is one of the main draws for returning artists.
Chastain, a Bluff Park resident since 1966, said that in the early years of Hoover's incorporation, there were not places for artists to work and exhibit their pieces.
“There was always art, but there was never a place to put it,” Chastain said.
Artists on the Bluff, housed in the former Bluff Park Elementary, was one of several ways Hoover's artists decided to fill that need. The BPAA took the building and turned it into a place for studios, classrooms, meeting spaces and the Soon-Bok Lee Sellers art gallery.
“Well, now it's almost like an artists' colony. You can't have that everywhere,” Hoover said.
Along with traditional mediums such as pencils and paints, Perry said a peek inside the Artists on the Bluff studios also will reveal creators working with wood, glass, clay, jewelry, metal and more.
“We kept up pretty well,” Perry said of the way artistic trends have changed in the past 50 years.
“Back in the day it was all painting. Andnow you're seeing the different mediums,” Hoover agreed.
For some longtime BPAA members, Perry said they always get a kick out of seeing their former second-grade classroom turned into a studio.
“That's a perfect place for it. That's where the artists are,” Chastain said. “When you do things for the community, sometimes you don't make a profit, but you improve the quality of life.”
Art exhibit spaces in the city now include Aldridge Gardens, the Hoover Public Library and a city hall gallery that was added about five years ago. There is also the “unknown secret” of the BPAA, Hoover said: the association's permanent collection.
Since the beginning of the Bluff Park Art Show, Perry said the association has chosen one piece of art from the show each year to purchase and add to its permanent collection. There are now 110 pieces in the collection, and in 1979 the BPAA began displaying a few pieces at Bluff Park, Shades Mountain and Gwin elementary schools. Since then, the group has been putting pieces from the collection on temporary display in libraries, schools and other public buildings around Jefferson and Shelby counties.
Hoover said the BPAA continually seeks new places to show its permanent collection to continue sharing their art with the community.
“We don't want it to be a secret,” they said.
The permanent collection has its roots in the earliest years of the BPAA, so Sanderson said it's an opportunity to see how artistic tastes have changed over the decades. The entire collection can be viewed on the BPAA website.
“You actually can see the progression of art from our permanent collection,” Sanderson said. “Our permanent collection is something that we value very highly, obviously, because it is like a time capsule to show each year and what's going on in art.”
Perry said some members of the BPAA are the sons and daughters of the original members. The association and the Hoover Arts Alliance want to continue that legacy of passing down a love of art to the next generation of Hoover residents. The Bluff Park Art Show presents a scholarship each year to a Hoover High or Spain Park student planning to study art in college.
Chastain said the Arts Alliance not only funds three scholarships each year, but also hosts elementary art contests and helps to fund other arts such as high school theater or band trips. Through the alliance's work during the past 10 years, Chastain said they have been fortunate to meet the talented high school teachers and students who bring their artistic talents to the city, some in new mediums such as fabric and digital art.
As art continues to be part of the city of Hoover's story, the BPAA is looking for ways to include more artists in its annual October show. Hoover said right now the show maxes out at about 145 artists, and they will need to find more space or add extra days in order for the show to grow. Both Perry and Chastain expressed a need for a dedicated civic or convention center that could provide a space for visual and performing arts in Hoover.
Creating a civic center has been a particular project for Chastain since they started the Hoover Arts Alliance with Barbara Lyons in 2007. They said they believe it would not only benefit Hoover's resident dancers, actors, musicians and visual artists, but also allow the city to attract larger shows than it can currently accommodate. They plan to keep pushing until that idea becomes a reality.
“There's a need not being met,” Chastain said. “That would be the last piece of the puzzle.”
Chastain marveled at how much the art community in Hoover has changed since that first little arts and crafts fundraiser 55 years ago.
“All this just because they wanted to get books for the schools,” Chastain said.
Warren McClendon has heard and seen enough to go cut their list to five schools from a list of 23 scholarship offers.Alabama offered them first when they were just a first-year student. Since the Crimson Tide offe...
By Scott Malone
BOSTON (Reuters) - A Massachusetts man pleaded guilty on Tuesday to threatening to burn down a Boston mosque in an alcohol-fueled social media post following the 2015 attacks in Paris by Islamic State gunmen and suicide bombers.
Patrick Keogan of Wilmington was arrested in July and charged with posting an image on the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center's Facebook page showing a mosque in flames with the caption "burn your local mosque."
No arson occurred, and no one was injured.
The post came within days of the November 2015 attacks in Paris in which 130 people were killed.
Keogan, a 44-year-old electrician, appeared in a prison jumpsuit at Boston federal court where they pleaded guilty to charges including the threat, owning firearms despite a prior felony conviction, and child pornography.
They answered U.S. District Judge Douglas Woodlock's questions softly and simply, saying they understood the proceedings and had not been compelled to change their plea.
Keogan claimed to have been inebriated at the time, Assistant U.S. Attorney Scott Garland told the court.
"He may well have been drunk but they nevertheless held a criminal intent," Garland said.
Court papers listed some 49 rifles, shotguns and pistols seized at Keogan's home.
Prosecutors recommended that Keogan be sentenced to up to 57 months, a little less than five years, in prison. That would be less than the 20 years they could have faced for the most serious charge, child pornography.
Woodlock said they would sentence Keogan on May 15.
The United States and Europe have seen a series of attacks by people claiming affiliation to Islamic State, including a June 2016 massacre at an Orlando, Florida, gay nightclub in which 49 people were killed.
Those killings have triggered threats and burnings at U.S. mosques. A Florida man last week was sentenced to 30 years in prison for setting fire to a mosque in Orlando.
The executive director of the Boston mosque thanked prosecutors for taking on the case.
"In these times in particular, all of us must work together to fight against hate in our communities," Yusufi Vali said in an email. "We pray this point marks a change in our brother - Mr. Keogan's life."
(Reporting by Scott Malone; Editing by James Dalgleish and Peter Cooney)
Relatives of Kaweesi murder suspects locked outside court
Relatives of Kaweesi murder suspects locked outside court
Relatives of the 20 people arrested in connection to the murder of AIGP Andrew Felix Kaweesi turned rowdy after being blocked from accessing Nakawa Court premises to know how far the state has reached in investigating their case.
The relatives of the suspects who turned up wondered how they will get to know what has transpired in court especially the evidence against their husbands, brothers, fathers and mother if they are not present in court and are not legally represented.
According to prosecution's Racheal Nabwire, investigations in this case are still on going and presiding Grade one Magistrate Noah Ssajjabi asked the suspects to go back to Luzira prison until June 29.
The suspects Ayub Sauda and 19 men led by Abdu Rashid Mbaziira are alleged have murdered Kaweesi, their body guard Kenneth Erau and driver Godfrey Wambewo on March 17,2017 at Kulambiro within Kampala.
VIDEO: Chaos as Kaweesi murder suspects appear in court Chaos erupted at the Nakawa Chief Magistrates' Court… https://t.co/mjCLJAVLiV — The Independent (@UGIndependent) June 1, 2017
The post Relatives of Kaweesi murder suspects locked outside court appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Post-Irma, Some Still Without Internet in Florida
The power's back on in Florida. So why is the internet still out for some people, more than two weeks after Hurricane Irma struck? When power fails, so do home and business internet connections. When Hurricane Irma hit Florida on Sept. 10, 6.7 million customers lost electricity, or nearly two-thirds of the state. Nine days later, all but 1 percent of the state -- 100,000 -- had the power back on.
With internet service, it's less clear where things stand. The Federal Communications Commission, which tracks home phone, internet and TV outages, published its last update more than a week ago, on Sept. 18, when there were still close to 900,000 customers without service from cable providers.
Major internet providers such as Comcast, Charter and Cox now say 98 percent to 99 percent of their affected customers have had service restored. (AT&T cites similar figures for its overall network.) But it's not clear how many actual people still lack service.
In Houston, Hurricane Harvey caused widespread flooding that led to power losses and interrupted home phone, TV or internet service for at least 284,000, according to FCC numbers. As of Sept. 5, the last FCC report, almost 154,000 customers remained without service. AT&T says Texas is operating normally, Comcast says Houston has been back to normal for several weeks, Charter and CenturyLink say a small number of customers are still affected.
Why Outages Drag On
Many homes will get internet back once power is restored. But that's not true for everyone.
Even if a home's power is back on, there could still be problems with the underlying cable network or central facilities. Sometimes equipment in a home or street is damaged and needs to be repaired or replaced. (Mobile service tends to bounce back faster. Cell towers are more easily fixable and carriers can use each other's networks to get texts and calls through.)
On top of that, there are a variety of challenges associated with conducting repairs in a disaster zone. "We are not allowed to enter disaster areas until power is restored, then we move in," said Todd Smith, a spokesperson for cable company Cox.
Sometimes the damage isn't at all obvious. "There are also occasionally situations where power and (network equipment) in one area may be fine, but the network that feeds it could be damaged further down the line," Smith said.
Lines of Communication
For some customers, though, a major frustration has been trying to figure out just when their service is coming back.
Laura Sagar, a real estate agent in hard-hit Naples, Florida, said their power was restored the evening of Tuesday, Sept. 19, after being out for 10 days. Internet service didn't flip back on until Sept. 25. They said they saw Comcast came to fix a downed line only after a neighbor called to report a problem.
The local power company "communicated often, frequently," they said. "Comcast, zippity doo dah."
Comcast said it has thousands of technicians in Florida working on restoring service, including some from out of state. It said it sent customers emails and told them to check a Comcast app for information.
But Sagar said they expected public announcements and didn't see an email. When they called, the company told their service would be restored within 10 days; it was back near the end of that period.
Information Please
The FCC collects voluntary feedback from home phone and cable companies about outages after disasters and makes that information public in daily reports. But in the aftermath of Irma, it ceased those reports while almost a million people still lacked internet service.
Stopping the public updates on Irma was "unconscionable," said David Simpson, a former FCC public-safety official. The result, they said, was consumers and communities left in the dark, "with no insight into the scope of the problem on any given day since the 18th."
The agency says it stopped its disaster-reporting system for Irma at the request of another agency, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA. The daily outage reports are meant to "provide situational awareness in the immediate aftermath of a disaster." The agency started daily reports on Hurricane Maria, which has wreaked chaos in Puerto Rico and left the island without power or working phone or internet, three days later.
Simpson was likewise critical of the reports from individual internet providers like Comcast and Charter, noting that they aren't anywhere near detailed enough. Those reports don't let people know if there are particularly hard-hit areas -- say, where half of homes are still without internet or a working home phone.
"If you know repairs are going to take a month, you would take steps to buy a satellite dish or increase wireless coverage," they said. "Without information, consumers and communities can't make those rational decisions on what to do."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
A group was seen aboard a hot pink flamingo-shaped inflatable raft, floating down the Los Angeles River on Monday.The group of three appeared to lounge on the raft, which was seen floating in the Boyle Heights area around 1 p.m., then making its way into the Vernon area.Law enforcement officials eventually approached the three individuals, who got off the raft and pulled it off to the side of the river. Officials were seen speaking to the three and handing them what appeared to be tickets.Meantime, other law enforcement officials were seen looking through the contents inside the inflatable flamingo.The group then deflated the raft, stuffed it into a bag, loaded it into a car and left the area.The trio of YouTubers, who call themselves the "JoogSquad," said they've pulled a similar stunt before, but their previous raft wasn't quite as eye-catching as the bright pink flamingo.The three said they just wanted to bring a smile to peoples' faces on a Monday and didn't mean any harm, but they did have some concerns about the water they were rafting in. "Mainly we were just worried about needles and diseases really," one of the rafters said.
Photo
When I was 12, Saddam Hussein, vice president of Iraq at the time, carried out a huge purge and officially usurped total power. I was living in Baghdad then, and I developed an intuitive, visceral hatred of the dictator early on. That feeling only intensified and matured as I did. In the late 1990s, I wrote my first novel, “I'jaam: An Iraqi Rhapsody,” about daily life under Saddam's authoritarian regime. Furat, the narrator, was a young college student studying English literature at Baghdad University, as I had. They end up in prison for cracking a joke about the dictator. Furat hallucinates and imagines Saddam's fall, just as I often did. I hoped I would witness that moment, whether in Iraq or from afar.
I left Iraq a few months after the 1991 Gulf War and went to graduate school in the United States, where I've been ever since. In 2002, when the cheerleading for the Iraq war started, I was vehemently against the proposed invasion. The United States had consistently supported dictators in the Arab world and was not in the business of exporting democracy, irrespective of the Bush administration's slogans. I recalled sitting in my family's living room with my aunt when I was a teenager, watching Iraqi television and seeing Donald Rumsfeld visiting Baghdad as an emissary from Ronald Reagan and shaking hands with Saddam. That memory made Mr. Rumsfeld's words in 2002 about freedom and democracy for Iraqis seem hollow. Moreover, having lived through two previous wars (the Iran-Iraq war of 1980 to 1988 and the Gulf War of 1991), I knew that the actual objectives of war were always camouflaged by well-designed lies that exploit collective fear and perpetuate national myths.
I was one of about 500 Iraqis in the diaspora — of various ethnic and political backgrounds, many of whom were dissidents and victims of Saddam's regime — who signed a petition: “No to war on Iraq. No to dictatorship.” While condemning Saddam's reign of terror, we were against a “war that would cause more death and suffering” for innocent Iraqis and one that threatened to push the entire region into violent chaos. Our voices were not welcomed in mainstream media in the United States, which preferred the pro-war Iraqi-American who promised cheering crowds that would welcome invaders with “sweets and flowers.” There were none.
The petition didn't make much of an impact. Fifteen years ago today, the invasion of Iraq began.
Three months later, I returned to Iraq for the first time since 1991 as part of a collective to film a documentary about Iraqis in a post-Saddam Iraq. We wanted to show my countrymen as three-dimensional beings, beyond the binary of Saddam versus the United States. In American media, Iraqis had been reduced to either victims of Saddam who longed for occupation or supporters and defenders of dictatorship who opposed the war. We wanted Iraqis to speak for themselves. For two weeks, we drove around Baghdad and spoke to many of its residents. Some were still hopeful, despite being drained by years of sanctions and dictatorship. But many were furious and worried about what was to come. The signs were already there: the typical arrogance and violence of a colonial occupying power.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
My short visit only confirmed my conviction and fear that the invasion would spell disaster for Iraqis. Removing Saddam was just a byproduct of another objective: dismantling of the Iraqi state and its institutions. That state was replaced with a dysfunctional and corrupt semi-state. We were still filming in Baghdad when L. Paul Bremer III, the head of the Coalition Provisional Authority, announced the formation of the so-called Governing Council in July 2003. The names of its members were each followed by their sect and ethnicity. Many of the Iraqis we spoke to on that day were upset with institutionalization of an ethno-sectarian quota system. Ethnic and sectarian tensions already existed, but their translation into political currency was toxic. Those unsavory characters on the governing council, most of whom were allies of the United States from the preceding decade, went on to loot the country, making it one of the most corrupt in the world.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
We were fortunate to have been able to shoot our film in that brief period during which there was relative public security. Shortly after our visit, Iraq descended into violence; suicide bombings became the norm. The invasion made my country a magnet for terrorists (“We'll fight them there so we don't have to fight them here,” President George W. Bush had said), and Iraq later descended into a sectarian civil war that claimed the lives of hundreds of thousands of civilians and displaced hundreds of thousands more, irrevocably changing the country's demography.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): You'll never get access to the treasure that's buried out under the cherry tree next to the ruined barn if you stay in your command center and keep staring at the map instead of venturing out to the barn. Likewise, a symbol of truth may be helpful in experiencing deeper meaning, but it's not the same as communing with the raw truth, and may even become a distraction from it. Let's consider one further variation on the theme: The pictures in your mind's eye may or may not have any connection with the world outside your brain. It's especially important that you monitor their accuracy in the coming days.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Years ago, a fan of my work named Paul emailed to ask me if I wanted to get together with them and their friend when I visited New York. “Maybe you know her?” they wrote. “She's the artist Cindy Sherman.” Back then I had never heard of Cindy. But since Paul was smart and funny, I agreed to meet. The three of us convened in an elegant tearoom for a boisterous conversation. A week later, when I was back home and mentioned the event to a colleague, their eyes got big and they shrieked, “You had tea with THE Cindy Sherman.” They then educated me on how successful and influential Cindy's photography has been. I predict you will soon have a comparable experience, Virgo: inadvertent contact with an intriguing presence. Hopefully, because I've given you a heads-up, you'll recognize what's happening as it occurs, and take full advantage.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): “Dear Dr. Astrology: Good fortune has been visiting me a lot lately. Many cool opportunities have come my way. Life is consistently interesting. I've also made two unwise moves that fortunately didn't bring bad results. Things often work out better for me than I imagined they would! I'm grateful every day, but I feel like I should somehow show even more appreciation. Any ideas? –Lucky Leo.” Dear Lucky: The smartest response to the abundance you have enjoyed is to boost your generosity. Give out blessings. Dispense praise. Help people access their potentials. Intensify your efforts to share your wealth.
CANCER (June 21-July 22): There are three kinds of habits: good, bad, and neutral. Neutral habits are neither good nor bad but use up psychic energy that might be better directed into cultivating good habits. Here are some examples: a good habit is when you're disciplined about eating healthy food; a bad habit is watching violent TV shows before going to bed, thereby disturbing your sleep; a neutral habit might be doing Sudoku puzzles. My challenge to you, Cancerian, is to dissolve one bad habit and one neutral habit by replacing them with two new good habits. According to my analysis of the astrological omens, cosmic forces will be on your side as you make this effort.
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Actress Marisa Berenson offers a line of anti-aging products that contain an elixir made from the seeds of a desert fruit known as prickly pear. The manufacturing process isn't easy. To produce a quart of the potion requires 2,000 pounds of seeds. I see you as having a metaphorically similar challenge in the coming weeks, Gemini. To create a small amount of the precious stuff you want, I'm guessing you'll have to gather a ton of raw materials. And there may be a desert-like phenomenon to deal with, as well.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to go gallivanting so heedlessly into the labyrinth. Or maybe it was. Who knows? It's still too early to assess the value of your experiences in that maddening but fascinating tangle. You may not yet be fully able to distinguish the smoke and mirrors from the useful revelations. Which of the riddles you've gathered will ultimately bring frustration and which will lead you to wisdom? Here's one thing I do know for sure: If you want to exit the labyrinth, an opportunity will soon appear.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Over the years I've read numerous news reports about people who have engaged in intimate relations with clunky inanimate objects. One had sex with a bicycle. Another seduced a sidewalk, and a third tried to make sweet love to a picnic table. I hope you won't join their ranks in the coming weeks. Your longing is likely to be extra intense, innovative, and even exotic, but I trust you will confine its expression to unions with adult human beings who know what they're getting into and who have consented to play. Here's an old English word you might want to add to your vocabulary: “blissom.” It means “to bleat with sexual desire.”
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Your life in the coming days should be low on lightweight diversions and high in top-quality content. Does that sound like fun? I hope so. I'd love to see you enjoy the hell out of yourself as you cut the fluff and focus on the pith…as you efficiently get to the hype-free heart of every matter and refuse to tolerate waffling or stalling. So strip away the glossy excesses, my dear Capricorn. Skip a few steps if that doesn't cause any envy. Expose the pretty lies, but then just work around them; don't get bogged down in indulging in negative emotions about them.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Inventor, architect, and author Buckminster Fuller lived to the age of 87. For 63 of those years, they kept a detailed scrapbook diary that documented every day of their life. It included their reflections, correspondence, drawings, newspaper clippings, grocery bills, and much other evidence of their unique story. I would love to see you express yourself with that much disciplined ferocity during the next two weeks. According to my astrological analysis, you're in a phase when you have maximum power to create your life with vigorous ingenuity and to show everyone exactly who you are.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): You have a cosmic license to enjoy almost too much sensual pleasure. In addition, you should feel free to do more of what you love to do than you normally allow yourself. Be unapologetic about surrounding yourself with flatterers and worshipers. Be sumptuously lazy. Ask others to pick up the slack for you. Got all that? It's just the first part of your oracle. Here's the rest: You have a cosmic license to explore the kind of spiritual growth that's possible when you feel happy and fulfilled. As you go through each day, expect life to bring you exactly what you need to uplift you. Assume that the best service you can offer your fellow humans is to be relaxed and content.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): You have to admit that salt looks like sugar and sugar resembles salt. This isn't usually a major problem, though. Mistakenly sprinkling sugar on your food when you thought you were adding salt won't hurt you, nor will putting salt in your coffee when you assumed you were using sugar. But errors like these are inconvenient, and they can wreck a meal. You may want to apply this lesson as a metaphor in the coming days, Aries. Be alert for things that outwardly seem to be alike but actually have different tastes and effects.
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Here's a possible plan for the next ten days: Program your smart phone to sound an alarm once every hour during the entire time you're awake. Each time the bell or buzzer goes off, you will vividly remember your life's main purpose. You will ask yourself whether or not the activity you're engaged in at that specific moment is somehow serving your life's main purpose. If it is, literally pat yourself on the back and say to yourself, “Good job!” If it's not, say the following words: “I am resolved to get into closer alignment with my soul's code—the blueprint of my destiny.”
Rob Brezsny is an aspiring master of curiosity, perpetrator of sacred uproar, and founder of the Beauty and Truth Lab. They bring a literate, myth-savvy perspective to their work. It's all in the stars.
WASHINGTON -
Thousands of children are heading to the White House for its biggest social event of the year: the annual Easter Egg Roll.
There had been some hand-wringing over whether President Donald Trump and their wife, Melania, would be able to pull off a successful “egg-stravaganza.” Both the president and first lady have been slow to fill White House staff jobs.
But a downsized version of the 139-year-old event is kicking off early Monday on the South Lawn.
The White House is expecting more than 21,000 children and adults to attend the festivities. That's down from the 35,000 people who attended last year.
The first lady tweeted over the weekend that she's looking forward to hosting the Easter Egg Roll. The event was first held in 1878.
How Nigeria can improve contract performance — Experts
By Destiny Eseaga
EXPERTS in the supply chain management sector at a one day event organised by the Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply, CIPS, in Lagos, have identified ways Nigeria can improve on their poor contract performance.
The experts noted that poor monitoring, corruption, inconsistent government policies and bloated bureaucracy among others, are some of the factors affecting contract performance in the country.
With the theme: “The Strategic Role of Procurement and Supply Chain in the Nigerian Economy,” the experts suggested that a transformative leadership at all tiers of government, realigned budget planning, embedded ethics and compliance and a fully operational Public Procurement Act (2007), particularly the establishment of National Council on Public Procurement would help block leakages, improve contract performance and create maximum impact on the economy among others.
Senior Procurement Manager, Wells and Projects, Shell Petroleum and Development Corporation, Port Harcourt, River State, Mr. Arinze Oduah, revealed that “structural constraints, aside Nigeria's economic growth, is hampered by a massive infrastructural deficit and closing the gap required shrewd capital expenditure over a long term.”
The post How Nigeria can improve contract performance — Experts appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By DAVID BAUDER
AP Media Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - An estimated 6.3 million people saw the premiere of Netflix's "Lost in Space" within the first three days that the streaming service made it available this month, a promising start that would make it one of the outlet's more popular series after the phenomenon of "Stranger Things."
The Nielsen company is starting to draw the curtain back on some of the user numbers for streaming services, which have been reluctant to do so on their own.
"We've had a lot of anxiety among our clients about sharing this data with you," said Brian Fuhrer, senior vice president of product leadership for Nielsen, on Tuesday, "because they're still learning it."
Nielsen's data also shows the impact of binging: the average "Lost in Space" viewer watched the show for two and a half hours on those first few days. Netflix released 10 separate one-hour episodes of the show on April 13 and, within three days, nearly 1.2 million people watched the last episode, a clear indication they'd seen the whole season.
Roughly 10 percent of the total time spent watching television now is spent with streaming services, Nielsen said. The number approaches one-quarter of all viewing among viewers aged 12 to 17. Netflix dominates, with 49 percent of the streaming viewing coming on their service. YouTube's 10 percent is the second-highest individual service, Nielsen said.
For all of the attention that new series put on by the streaming services gets, Nielsen said that 80 percent of the viewing goes to older programs like "Friends."
Four years ago, 88 percent of television viewing came on cable or satellite. Now that number is down to 79 percent, an indication of the impact of cord cutting, Nielsen said.
On the broadcast networks last week, ABC's "Roseanne" was again the week's most-watched show.
CBS easily won the week in prime time, averaging 6.7 million viewers. NBC had 4.8 million viewers, ABC had 4.4 million, Fox had 3 million, Univision had 1.6 million, ION Television had 1.3 million, the CW had 1.2 million and Telemundo had 1.1 million.
TNT was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 3.06 million viewers in prime time. Fox News Channel had 2.37 million, MSNBC had 1.94 million, HGTV had 1.35 million and ESPN had 1.3 million.
ABC's "World News Tonight" topped the evening newscasts with an average of 8.5 million viewers. NBC's "Nightly News" was second with 7.9 million and the "CBS Evening News" had 6 million viewers.
For the week of April 16-22, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: "Roseanne," ABC, 13.27 million; "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 12.91 million; "Young Sheldon," CBS, 11.67 million; "NCIS," CBS, 11.44 million; "Bull," CBS, 10.83 million; "The Voice" (Monday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 9.35 million; "60 Minutes," CBS, 9.02 million; "Mom," CBS, 8.83 million; "NCIS: New Orleans," CBS, 8.46 million; "The Voice" (Wednesday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 8.39 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online:
http://www.nielsen.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
• “I am going to need a place to channel that anger so I've decided that I'm going to give the N.R.A. my full attention.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• They also made a reference to Jay-Z's “4:44,” saying, “I'm not the man I thought I was and I better be that man for my children.” (Those aren't the exact lyrics.)
The backlash
• Congressional Democrats began giving away some of the thousands of dollars in campaign contributions they'd received from Mr. Weinstein.
• The actor Rose McGowan, who reached a settlement with Mr. Weinstein, tweeted words of encouragement to other women.
• Rebecca Traister reflected on their own interactions with Mr. Weinstein in The Cut:
Recent years have seen scores of women, finding strength and some kind of power in numbers, come forward and tell their stories about Bill Cosby, Roger Ailes, Bill O'Reilly, Donald Trump. In all of those cases, as in this case, the history of allegations has been an almost wholly open secret, sometimes even having been reported in major outlets, and yet somehow ignored, allowed to pass, unconsidered.
Mr. Weinstein's response: They told Page Six's Emily Smith that they plan to sue The NYT for $50 million.
What Markets Will Be Watching Today
President Trump plans to decertify the Iran nuclear deal, according to news reports.
Mark Landler and David Sanger, NYT:
By declining to certify Iran's compliance, Mr. Trump would essentially kick it to Congress to decide whether to reimpose punitive economic sanctions. Even among Republicans, there appears to be little appetite to do that, at least for now.
The economic angle:
If the Trump administration's actions make European banks fearful of lending billions to Iran to build new refineries, or expand other economic links with the West, it may fuel opposition to the deal inside Iran.
Sales of Bump Stocks for Rifles Surge
Tiffany Hsu, NYT:
Sales of the firearm accessory that the Las Vegas gunman used to modify their rifles jumped this week, causing some companies to sell out of the so-called bump stocks even as Walmart and Cabela's stripped them from their websites.
Polly Mosendz and Kim Bhasin, Bloomberg:
The rush to buy bump stocks started Wednesday, when gun enthusiasts expressed concern on social media that bump stocks would either sell out or become illegal after the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives linked them to the Las Vegas attack.
The surprise
The National Rifle Association endorsed tighter restrictions on the devices, a rare move for a group that has vehemently opposed gun controls.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the DealBook Newsletter Every weekday, twice a day, get the news driving the markets and the latest on mergers and acquisitions. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Can the Trump Tax Plan Be Saved?
Yes, if Congress takes up the challenge. The NYT's Jim Stewart talked to economists and they said many of the issues could be resolved.
What they agree on
Corporate tax rates need to be cut because of global competition. Companies should not be able to stash earnings overseas tax-free. With the standard deduction doubled, many more individual taxpayers could file a simple short-form return.
Potential solutions
• A new, higher tax bracket for the very rich
• Taxing capital gains at death
• Curbing the deduction for corporate interest expense
The result
Mr. Stewart calculates the proposed changes would yield some $1.22 trillion in potential revenue.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mnuchin's Travel on Military Jets Violated No Rules
But the Treasury Department's inspector general lamented the use of government flights all the same.
From the report
• Mr. Mnuchin has flown on military aircraft seven times since March at a cost of more than $800,000.
• Flights to Europe cost over $600,000, and a round trip from Washington to New York cost $15,000.
Alan Rappeport, NYT:
Mr. Mnuchin's June flight to Miami for a meeting with the Mexican finance minister cost $43,725.50. While the flight was approved, the Treasury Department's travel office sent a note to Mr. Mnuchin's assistant that a round-trip commercial flight would cost just $688.
The context
• Several Trump administration officials have been under scrutiny for their use of private flights. Tom Price resigned as health and human services secretary after racking up at least $400,000 in private jet use.
• And Mr. Mnuchin's wife, Louise Linton, drew controversy for their Instagram spat with a commenter over their flight on a military plane.
C.F.P.B. Clamps Down on Payday Lending
New rules from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau will limit how often and how many customers can borrow, potentially forcing many of the nearly 18,000 payday lending stores in the United States out of business.
Stacy Cowley, NYT:
The consumer bureau and other federal regulators are nudging banks and credit unions to play a role in the market. Many community banks used to offer payday-like loans but stopped doing so in 2013 after the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, a key banking regulator, issued a bulletin discouraging the products. On Thursday, the office unexpectedly repealed that guidance, citing the new consumer bureau rules.
State Street to Settle Discrimination Claims
The lender was accused of paying about 300 female employees less than men in the same positions.
It also faced allegations that it paid 15 black executives less than white employees in the same positions.
Matt Stevens, NYT:
State Street, a financial services firm, denies the allegations, according to the agreement. Still, the filing says that the firm has agreed to pay about $4.5 million in back pay and about $500,000 in interest into a settlement fund for the affected employees.
One Twitter user highlighted the perceived hypocrisy of the accusations against the firm that erected the “Fearless Girl” statue in Manhattan's financial district.
Revolving Door
• Bank of America has hired John Kerry, the former secretary of state, as the chairperson of its global advisory council.
At each stop, there was some accomplishment or friendship to trumpet.
In a brief visit to a Russian air base in Syria, where they were greeted by President Bashar al-Assad, Mr. Putin again said that Russia's military had achieved its mission and would head home, a pledge they first made in March 2016 and has broken repeatedly in the past.
In Egypt, Mr. Putin and President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi were to discuss issues that reflected Moscow's expanding role: the resumption of direct Russian tourist flights to Egypt, suspended after the bombing of a Russian airliner; a potential agreement for the Russian air force to use Egyptian military bases; and plans for Russia to build a $30 billion nuclear plant, Egypt's first.
The trip to Turkey was the last scheduled for the day, with the agenda focused on political talks to end the war in Syria and the sale of an advanced Russian S-400 air missile defense system to Ankara, something that Russia has in the past refused to do.
Russia has taken full advantage of the American reluctance to engage in various Middle East conflicts, especially Syria, to reconstruct relations with various capitals like Cairo, which expelled the Soviets in the early 1970s after years of close military cooperation.
Although Mr. Putin is assured of victory in the 2018 presidential election in March, they are seeking a record turnout and a record level of support, according to reports in the Russian news media.
Photo
To do that, they need both to generate excitement in a lackluster campaign and at least appear focused on domestic issues, according to various analysts, even if they personally seem far more animated when discussing foreign policy than fixing roads. Hence, they want to significantly reduce the Russian role in Syria before campaigning begins in earnest in February.
“People are not that much concerned about Syria, it is a faraway land that people do not know much about,” said Konstantin von Eggert, a political analyst and talk show host on independent television. If Russians think about it at all, they and other analysts said, they typically wonder why the Kremlin is spending money in a region long peopled by savages bent on killing one another.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In Syria, Mr. Putin repeated that Russian forces had defeated the threat from Islamic militants that they had come to confront two years ago, although many believe that the real purpose was to shore up Mr. Assad, at the time Russia's last ally in the region.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“In two years, the Russian armed forces, together with the Syrian Army have defeated the most combat-capable group of international terrorists,” Mr. Putin said in a speech at the Hmeimim air base in Syria. “In connection with this, I have made a decision: A significant part of the Russian military contingent in the Syrian Arab Republic is returning home, to Russia.”
Other accomplishments Mr. Putin mentioned included preserving Syria as a sovereign, independent state; speeding the way for refugees to return home and creating the conditions for a political settlement to the conflict under the auspices of the United Nations.
As usual, Mr. Putin left themselves plenty of wiggle room by saying that “a significant part” of the troops would come home. They also noted that Russia established a permanent presence, with the Hmeimim base and an expanded naval station at Tartus, Syria.
Mr. Assad depends on Iranian and Russia troops to shore up their own beleaguered army, and their ability to reassert control over Syria without the help of Russian and Iranian forces is doubtful.
Mr. Putin's spokesperson, Dmitri S. Peskov, was even more equivocal, saying that there was no specific timetable for the withdrawal. “It is clear that it is not a matter of a day,” they said.
Monday was Mr. Putin's second visit to Egypt in two years, and President Sisi has visited Russia three times since 2013. The two countries have reached the early stages of an agreement for Egypt to allow Russian warplanes to use Egyptian military bases, which would be a major step in Moscow expanding its alliances in the region.
The two presidents also discussed the pending deal for Russia to build Egypt's first nuclear reactor.
Egypt, on the other hand, is eager for the resumption of direct Russian tourist flights, representing billions of dollars in revenue. They were suspended in October 2015 after Islamic militants were suspected of bombed a Russian passenger plane leaving a Sinai Peninsula resort, killing all 224 people on board.
Sterling Bank commits N500m to environmental sustainability, says MD
Sterling Bank Plc said it has committed over N500 million to various activities under its Sterling Environmental Make-Over (STEM) social responsibility initiative in the last five years. The Managing Director of Sterling Bank Plc, Mr Yemi Adeola said in a statement on Sunday in Lagos that the decision was because of its concern with the…
This content is for Standard Digital Monthly Subscription, Premium Digital Monthly Subscription, Standard Digital Yearly Subscription, Premium Digital Yearly Subscription, WSJ 5 DAY TRIAL and 30-Day Corporate Subscription members only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post Sterling Bank commits N500m to environmental sustainability, says MD appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Matt Bertone
I know it may be hard to convince you, but let me try: Don't kill the next spider you see in your home.
Why? Because spiders are an important part of nature and our indoor ecosystem — as well as being fellow organisms in their own right.
People like to think of their dwellings as safely insulated from the outside world, but many types of spiders can be found inside.
Some are accidentally trapped, while others are short-term visitors. Some species even enjoy the great indoors, where they happily live out their lives and make more spiders.
These arachnids are usually secretive, and almost all you meet are neither aggressive nor dangerous.
And they may be providing services like eating pests — some even eat other spiders.
House spiders
My colleagues and I conducted a visual survey of 50 North Carolina homes to inventory just which arthropods live under our roofs. Every single house we visited was home to spiders.
The most common species we encountered were cobweb spiders and cellar spiders.
Both build webs where they lie in wait for prey to get caught. Cellar spiders sometimes leave their webs to hunt other spiders on their turf, mimicking prey to catch their cousins for dinner.
Although they are generalist predators, apt to eat anything they can catch, spiders regularly capture nuisance pests and even disease-carrying insects — for example, mosquitoes.
There's even a species of jumping spider that prefers to eat blood-filled mosquitoes in African homes.
So killing a spider doesn't just cost the arachnid its life, it may take an important predator out of your home.
Fear
It's natural to fear spiders. They have lots of legs and almost all are venomous — though the majority of species have venom too weak to cause issues in humans if their fangs can pierce our skin at all.
Even entomologists themselves can fall prey to arachnophobia.
I know a few spider researchers who overcame their fear by observing and working with these fascinating creatures.
If they can do it, so can you. An arachnologist's story of growing up terrified of spiders but ultimately becoming fascinated by them.
Spiders are not out to get you and actually prefer to avoid humans; we are much more dangerous to them than vice versa.
Bites from spiders are extremely rare. Although there are a few medically important species like widow spiders and recluses, even their bites are uncommon and rarely cause serious issues.
Relocate
If you truly can't stand that spider in your house, apartment, garage, or wherever, instead of smashing it, try to capture it and release it outside.
It'll find somewhere else to go, and both parties will be happier with the outcome.
But if you can stomach it, it's OK to have spiders in your home. In fact, it's normal. And frankly, even if you don't see them, they'll still be there.
So consider a live-and-let-live approach to the next spider you encounter.
(This article was distributed through conversation.com, is an independent source of news and views from the academic and research community. Matt Bertone is an Extension associate in entomology at North Carolina State University.)
The medical technology associations Medical Cluster and FASMED have merged into the SWISS MEDTECH association.
SWISS MEDTECH now has a combined expertise of 600 member companies. With this strength, the new umbrella organisation wants to facilitate the implementation of major projects and make tackling challenges easier, to improve the framework conditions in this economically essential business.
Walder Wyss advised the transferring companies Medical Cluster and FASMED.
The team included Marco Strahm (partner, corporate/M&A) and Pascal Zysset (associate, corporate/M&A).
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is disputing a report that they watch hours of television each day, calling it, "Another false story."
The president is pushing back against a report in The New York Times about their first year in office that mentioned they watch at least four hours of television a day, sometimes twice that amount.
Trump says on Twitter that they "seldom, if ever," watches CNN or MSNBC, "both of which I consider Fake News." The president says they also never watches CNN anchor Don Lemon's show, "CNN Tonight."
The Times said its story was based on interviews with 60 advisers, associates, friends and members of Congress.
Trump has repeatedly lodged complaints about mainstream news outlets that they argue have covered their presidency unfairly and inaccurately.
The principal of Whitburn Church of England Academy has spoken of their pride after the school received an outstanding Ofsted report once again.
The impressive rating - which includes both the school and the sixth form - follows an inspection in January which focused on the sixth form provision and whether the school was still providing an outstanding education for all students.
Whitburn Church of England Academy.
Principal Alan Hardie was praised for their ‘strong, determined leadership' in the report, which said that the overall effectiveness of the school remains outstanding' and that ‘teaching in the sixth form is equally effective as in the rest of the school.'
Mr Hardie said: “This is a fantastic achievement and I am extremely proud to lead such an amazing community.
“I am also incredibly grateful for the support from parents and carers, which is undoubtedly a huge part of Whitburn's success story as an outstanding and world class school.
“The report is full of many wonderful comments and I am particularly proud that it recognises the dedication and hard work of our staff and governors, and just how amazing our students are through their exemplary behaviour and excellent attitudes which make them wonderful ambassadors for the school.
“I'm also very proud that students, parents and carers can be assured of the outstanding quality of our sixth form, which is a remarkable achievement under a very rigorous inspection process, which sets the bar very high”.
The report also said that sixth form students ‘through effective leadership have high aspirations, know where they are headed and feel well supported on their journey to get there'.
The school also achieved an outstanding rating in its last Ofsted report back in 2009.
The latest praise comes just weeks after the school was awarded the World Class Schools Quality Mark Award, back in December 2017, which saw students demonstrate that they've developed World Class knowledge, skills and confidence during their time at Whitburn.
Chair of governors Jean Mulley, said: “I am absolutely delighted that Whitburn Church of England Academy has received such an outstanding Ofsted report. “It reflects the hard work and commitment of a dedicated principal and staff who work tirelessly to achieve such outstanding results.
“The Christian ethos of our school which pervades all areas of school life is very important to us and we are pleased that it has been recognised as one of the strengths of the school.
“I have an immense pride in the excellent overall behaviour and work ethic of our pupils and so I am extremely pleased that the Ofsted inspectors recognised this and praised our pupils so highly.
“The Ofsted process is extremely rigorous and to be deemed as remaining outstanding is a wonderful achievement and one that my fellow governors and I take enormous pride in.”
Each day, the drying Salton Sea and an increasingly busy border take their toll on the air quality of southern California's parched Imperial Valley. Despite averaging only three inches of rain a year, this swath of desert spanning the Mexican border from the Colorado River to San Diego County is heavily dependent on agriculture, and for decades farmers have relied on the Salton Sea to drain their fields. Today, the valley air hangs with toxic dust and pollution, and the residents face the highest rate of hospitalization for asthma of any area in the state.
“I wish I lived in an area where my kids could play outside any time of day.”
“I wish I lived in an area where my kids could play outside any time of day,” said Esther Bejarano, a mother whose two children suffer from asthma.  They are an educator for Comite Civico del Valle (CCV), a local organization that supports the health of the area's disadvantaged residents. They know the risks, regulates how much time their own children spend outside depending on the levels of pollution, and makes sure they have their medication and inhalers with them at all times. Despite taking these steps, they still live in a state of fear. “I expect the worst and pray for their health.”
Even before Trump took office, government response to air pollution in the region has been lackluster. Luis Olmedo, executive director of CCV, said that especially as the recession came to a head in 2008, environmental health concerns took a backseat to economics, and it is now clear that environmental protection will not be a government priority. “With this administration we are back to the [George W.] Bush era, but we are ready and we are prepared, because we have been there before,” they said.
"Low-income communities of color throughout the nation are exposed to toxic pollutants."
In 2013, the CCV began an effort to put the power of scientific data into the hands of community members. Through a partnership with the California Environmental Health Tracking Program, University of Washington, and with funding from the National Institutes of Health, the Imperial Valley Air Quality Control project installed 40 air quality monitors throughout the valley and set up a website to gather pollution information and community-generated reports. The project's goal is to track particulate matter—the hazardous sum of pollution that includes pollen, dust, smoke, and soot—and inform residents of the presence and distribution of possible health risks.
“It gives the community a record on what the government is doing and not doing,” Olmedo said. That information can be used to hold agencies accountable and to inform local, state, and national efforts. Olmedo is confident in the Imperial Valley community's continued support. “We are not dependent on the federal government, and we never have been,” they said.
Residents of Imperial County are predominantly Hispanic and average about half the California per capita income, according to U.S. census data. Due to the placement of highways and fossil fuel refineries, low-income communities of color throughout the nation are exposed to toxic pollutants at significantly higher levels than upper-income Whites, and the CCV air quality control project sought to involve the most affected people from the outset to address this disparity. Imperial Valley residents worked with researchers to select locations to set up the air monitors. The online tool, called Identifying Violations Affecting Neighborhoods (IVAN), was launched in September and allows residents to access air quality information from each monitor, which update every 5 minutes, easily report an environmental issue, and see others' reports.
“We are not dependent on the federal government, and we never have been.”
On Jan. 25, for example, a user submitted a report from El Centro: “Pesticide being applied while farmworkers harvesting.” The site admin then responded, “The [Department of Toxic Substances Control] Imperial CUPA has forwarded this complaint to the Imperial County Ag Commissioner's Office Department of Pesticide Regulation.”
Farther west, San Diego County sits sandwiched between the Imperial Valley and the Pacific Ocean, and it also suffers from extreme levels of air pollution. The district of San Ysidro, located immediately north of the Mexican border, where an estimated 50,000 vehicles cross every day, is at particular risk. Last year, it devised its own community-based air quality project, based on and using the same low-cost monitors as the Imperial Valley project.
The federal government wouldn't mitigate any of the adverse effects from pollution.
“The goal is less about seeing if communities meet those EPA standards and rather understanding where the hot spots are for pollution in the community,” said Edmund Seto, an associate professor with the University of Washington Department of Environmental and Occupational Health Services, who helped develop the air quality monitors. The two-year study, a partnership with the California EPA, University of Washington, and San Diego community organization Casa Familiar, is funded by a $225,000 grant, and currently operates 12 monitors throughout the San Ysidro area.
Results show that the border crossing is a notable hot spot. David Flores, Casa Familiar's community development director, said their organization saw a rise in community involvement in 2007, three years after news broke that the federal government would spend $750 million to rebuild the San Ysidro border inspection facility. This renovation included new vehicle inspection procedures that created longer queues on the highway and more greenhouse gas emissions from idling vehicles. Flores said the federal government wouldn't mitigate any of the adverse effects from pollution.
Their organizations are community-driven and sustained.
Thus, Casa Familiar led the community in developing bottom-up approaches, like the study, to protect themselves. “This study is putting the power in the community residents' hands. This is their data,” said Vanessa Galaviz, a staff toxicologist with the California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment. They said this is especially important for marginalized communities like San Ysidro.
Both Luis Olmedo, of Imperial Valley's CCV, and David Flores, of San Ysidro's Casa Familiar, were not worried about federal disinterest in climate justice. Their organizations are community-driven and sustained. And Flores is confident in the continued support of the state. “I think the state of California will continue to lead efforts of environment,” they said.
They hoped the results from the current study would qualify San Ysidro as an impacted community, opening the door for greenhouse gas reduction program funding from the state's cap-and-trade proceeds. This would allow the community to take the next step, from monitoring pollution, to investing in sustainable housing and transportation to cut it back.
FORT WASHINGTON, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--EY has announced that Dawn Zier, CEO of Nutrisystem, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTRI ), a leading provider of weight management products and services including Nutrisystem® and South Beach Diet® brands, is a finalist for the Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2018 Award in the Greater Philadelphia Region. The awards program recognizes entrepreneurs who are excelling in areas such as innovation, financial performance and personal commitment to their businesses and communities. Zier was selected as a finalist by a panel of independent judges. Award winners will be announced at a special gala event on Thursday, June 14, 2018 at the Kimmel Center for Performing Arts, Perelman Theater Plaza.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005123/en/
EY has announced that Dawn Zier, CEO of Nutrisystem, Inc., is a finalist for the Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2018 Award in the Greater Philadelphia Region. (Photo: Business Wire)
“It's an honor to be recognized for breaking the mold and building a market-leading business across multiple brands,” Zier said. “Working with an incredibly dedicated team, we're not just transforming the industry, we're transforming lives. We're inspired to be bold because we're all about helping people make bold changes that affect their health and well-being. There's never been a more exciting time to be innovating in the weight loss and wellness space."
Now in its 32nd year, the program has expanded to recognize business leaders in more than 145 cities and more than 60 countries throughout the world.
Regional award winners are eligible for consideration for the Entrepreneur Of The Year National competition. Award winners in several national categories, as well as the Entrepreneur Of The Year National Overall Award winner, will be announced at the Entrepreneur Of The Year National Awards gala in Palm Springs, California, on November 10, 2018. The awards are the culminating event of the Strategic Growth Forum ®, the nation's most prestigious gathering of high-growth, market-leading companies.
Sponsors
Founded and produced by EY, the Entrepreneur Of The Year Awards are nationally sponsored in the US by SAP America, Merrill Corporation and the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation. In Greater Philadelphia, sponsors also include PNC Bank, Pine Hill Group, Murray Devine & Company, SolomonEdwardsGroup, Ballard Spahr LLP, Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, Pepper Hamilton LLP and Simkiss & Block.
About Nutrisystem, Inc.
Nutrisystem, Inc. (Nasdaq: NTRI ) is a leader in the weight-loss industry, having helped millions of people lose weight over the course of more than 45 years. The Company's multi-brand approach to weight loss includes multiple plans for 2018. For more information, go to NutrisystemNews.com and Newsroom.SouthBeachDiet.com.
About Entrepreneur Of The Year ®
Entrepreneur Of The Year ®, founded by EY, is the world's most prestigious business awards program for entrepreneurs, chosen from an independent panel of judges including entrepreneurs and prominent leaders from business, finance, and the local community. The program makes a difference through the way it encourages entrepreneurial activity among those with potential and recognizes the contribution of people who inspire others with their vision, leadership and achievement. As the first and only truly global awards program of its kind, Entrepreneur Of The Year celebrates those who are building and leading successful, growing and dynamic businesses, recognizing them through regional, national and global awards programs in more than 145 cities and more than 60 countries. ey.com/eoy
About EY's Growth Markets Network
EY's worldwide Growth Markets Network is dedicated to serving the changing needs of high-growth companies. For more than 30 years, we've helped many of the world's most dynamic and ambitious companies grow into market leaders. Whether working with international mid-cap companies or early stage, venture-backed businesses, our professionals draw upon their extensive experience, insight and global resources to help your business succeed. For more information, please visit us at ey.com/sgm or follow news on Twitter @EY_Growth.
About EY
EY is a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities.
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com.
This news release has been issued by Ernst & Young LLP, a member of the global EY organization that provides services to clients in the US.
For more information, please visit ey.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005123/en/
CONTACT: Nutrisystem, Inc.
Robin McConnell Shallow, 215-346-8068
Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications & Public Relations
rshallow@nutrisystem.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA PENNSYLVANIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH FITNESS & NUTRITION RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: Nutrisystem, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 09:01 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005123/en
President Nicolás Maduro has expelled CNN after accusing the international news outlet of “manipulating” information about Venezuela.
Maduro said Sunday they want CNN “outside” Venezuela after they claimed the news channel manipulated information about a student's complaint regarding the lack of food at school.
“Some media like CNN tried to manipulate information,” they said. “They can not manipulate information like that, it's our affair, of Venezuelans. CNN does not need to put its nose in Venezuela … I want CNNwell away from here.”
Nigerian Air Force acquires helicopter gunships, other aircraft
Some old aircraft are also being reactivated.
The post Nigerian Air Force acquires helicopter gunships, other aircraft appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EL SEGUNDO — They saw the posts on social media. Friends were running, trying to hide from a hail of bullets that they would later learn were being fired from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, into a crowd of 22,000 people.
“It's intimidating,” Stephen Zimmerman said. “It's scary to think about (the fact) that someone you know has seen something like that. It hurts.”
A native of Las Vegas, Zimmerman feverishly texted friends they thought could have been at the outdoor country music festival that on Sunday became the most deadly mass shooting in modern American history.
“It feels way more personal,” said Zimmerman, a Lakers center. “It's one of those things that's like you never know how it feels until it happens to you and it feels like it happened to me.”
Zimmerman moved to Las Vegas when they were 6 and attended Bishop Gorman High and UNLV before leaving after their first-year student year to declare for the NBA Draft. They were selected 41st overall by Orlando. After the Magic waived them this summer, the Lakers invited them to training camp, where they are trying to earn a roster spot.
A perk of playing for the Lakers was their annual preseason trip to their hometown. On Sunday, the Lakers will face Sacramento at T-Mobile Arena on the Las Vegas Strip, one mile from the site of the shooting that left 58 people dead.
Zimmerman's parents already planned to be at Sunday's game. What should have been a happy reunion for the Lakers hopeful will instead be a somber return to their city.
“That's something that's going to affect Las Vegas forever,” they said. “We just want to keep it in our minds and let people know what's going on to help make a difference.”
Word of the shooting first reached Zimmerman on Sunday night when their sister texted to make sure they were safe. Of course, they were hundreds of miles away, preparing for the next morning's Lakers practice. When they and their girlfriend awoke Monday morning, they began to understand the scale of the rampage.
“The first thing I did was text everybody sees if everyone was OK,” they said. “I didn't really have a lot of time because we came here (to practice).”
That morning, Coach Luke Walton spoke to the team about the shooting.
“We just wanted to keep it in our minds that outside of basketball there are things going on,” Zimmerman said.
On Friday, the Lakers and Kings announced that all proceeds from Sunday's game will be donated to aid efforts for victims and their families, as well as first responders. The donation will be made through MGM Resorts Foundation.
“While no one can erase the horrific actions of last Sunday,” Lakers controlling owner Jeanie Buss said in a statement, “we are committed to doing everything we can to help the people of Las Vegas who were affected by this tragedy.”
Kings owner Vivek Ranadive added, “To say we are united in grief does not fully convey the sadness we feel as we offer our deepest sympathies and support to those impacted.”
GOING FOR BROOK
While Lonzo Ball's status for Sunday remains uncertain, the Lakers will be one step closer to full strength. Center Brook Lopez will be in the starting lineup after missing the first three preseason games due to back spasms.
Acquired in the pre-draft trade for D'Angelo Russell, Lopez, 29, averaged 20.5 points per game last season while shooting 34 percent from 3-point range.
“Brook was showing us that 3-point shot in some of the scrimmage,” Walton said following practice Friday.
Ball called them “one of the best big men in the league.”
“Any team they go too,” Ball said, “he's going to change it. So I'm excited to see them out there.”
The Lakers have three exhibition games remaining before opening the regular season against the Clippers on Oct. 19. While Walton has shown a willingness to be patient with the health of veterans like Lopez and Andrew Bogut, they acknowledged Friday a need to integrate them.
“We need to get guys gaining some chemistry together,” they said.
A Facebook user identified as Etz Ewartunday, shared a n3ked photo of themselves to wish their friends a happy new year.
From their appearance, i think they are not normal.
The young man was pictured with only a throw-pillow covering their manh00d as they chill in their sitting room staring at the camera.
3SC Management Threatens Sack Over Poor Performance
Adebayo Waheed,
The Management of Shooting Stars Sports Club of Ibadan, Oyo State threatened to sack the technical crew over alleged poor performance in the Nigerian Professional League.
It gave an ultimatum to the technical crew of the team to immediately find a way out of the relegation zone in the ongoing league or be ready to face sack.
The executive chairperson of the club, Mr. Gbolagade Busari gave this stern warning at an emergency management meeting to evaluate the position of the club at rock bottom of the league table.
Busari disclosed that the technical adviser of the team, Mr. Fatai Amoo, was specifically reminded that their position, as the head of the crew will be evaluated on match-to-match basis and the Management will not hesitate to wield the big axe.
“The team has a crop of young and promising players that could excel in the Nigerian League and it is the duty of the technical crew to mould them into a successful side,” Busari added.
The chairperson reiterated that the management will not tolerate any form of excuses on the part of the technical crew, urging that all efforts should be harnessed to see that the team survives the relegation battles.
Speaking, the state Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Mr. Yomi Oke promised that the government will redouble its efforts in supporting the team in its bid to bring back the glory of Shooting Stars, adding that the teeming supporters, who are not happy with the team, will soon have smiles on their faces.
The post 3SC Management Threatens Sack Over Poor Performance appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NY Assemblyman calls on Facebook CEO to take immediate action. 'Palestine is not even a country.'
New York State Assemblyman Dov Hikind (D-Brooklyn) is calling on Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg to take immediate action on Facebook's “shameful” exclusion of Israel. When creating a background profile on Facebook, users are given 50 nationality options. These options include Palestine, while Israel is conspicuously absent.
“Palestine is not even a country,” said Hikind. “How did it end up as an option? Well, we all know the answer to that. I suspect some racist programmer was able to slip that by while purposefully excluding Israel as an option. That's insulting and Facebook should be held accountable.
“Mark Zuckerberg has been quoted as saying, ‘As a Jew, my parents taught me that we must stand up against attacks on all communities.' I am calling on Mr. Zuckerberg to get to the bottom of this attack on Jews and Israelis. The exclusion of Israel from Facebook, a publicly traded company, while Palestine is included is no accident—it's a purposeful, racist insult that must be addressed immediately.”
Hikind also asked Facebook users to utilize the “report a problem” feature on the Facebook Help menu to enlighten Facebook of the issue.
CHICAGO (AP) — In a study of women with menopause-related sexual discomfort, gels worked as well as prescription hormone tablets at reducing symptoms.
The researchers say the results suggest low-cost, over-the-counter moisturizers might be the best option.
Most women in the study reported some relief from their most bothersome symptoms — painful intercourse, vaginal dryness or itching — regardless of treatment. Still, not quite half the women experienced what researchers considered a meaningful decline in symptom severity.
The problems are linked with declining levels of the hormone estrogen, which happens to all women when they reach menopause.
What baffles researchers is why only about half of women experience bothersome symptoms. Without that answer, pinpointing the cause and finding the perfect solution is difficult, said Dr. Caroline Mitchell, the study's lead author and a researcher at Massachusetts General Hospital.
"Until we know why, our treatments are really just pretty broad attempts," Mitchell said. "We're not targeting the true biological root cause."
Researchers enrolled 300 women at a Kaiser Permanente research institute in Seattle and at the University of Minnesota. Women were randomly assigned to one of three treatments: prescription vaginal estrogen tablets and a gel with inactive ingredients; placebo tablets and Replens over-the counter moisturizer; or placebo tablets and the inert gel. Treatment lasted 12 weeks.
The results were published Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine. The National Institutes of Health paid for the study and the researchers have no financial ties to the products studied.
A journal editorial says there have been few similar studies and most were too small to reach conclusive results.
The latest results show that prescription treatment that can cost $200 is no better than over-the-counter moisturizers costing less than $20. The researchers noted that some women may prefer tablets to creams, which can be messy, but the extra money won't buy extra relief.
Women with troublesome symptoms "should choose the cheapest moisturizer or lubricant available over the counter — at least until new evidence arises to suggest that there is any benefit to doing otherwise," the editorial said.
___
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner on Twitter at @LindseyTanner. Them work can be found here .
126 total views, 0 views today
In a chaotic and energy filled game, the boys basketball team (9–8) overcame crosstown rival Churchill Bulldogs (5–10) on Wednesday in a 20 point victory, winning 66–41.
The Vikes came out dominant at the start of the game, outscoring the Bulldogs 14–7. Going into the second quarter, the squad maintained their sound defense while also keeping their aggressive nature on the scoring side. The Vikes held the Bulldogs to three points in the second quarter. From there, the Vikes remained ahead by double digits for the rest of the game.
Many players were able to contribute to the Vikes' success. Guard Josh Weinberg, a sophomore, started for the first time this season after being moved up from JV and had 11 points during the game. Center Rodrigo Ruiz dominated on the defensive end with six blocks. Guard Alex Sanson continued to keep players involved, with 10 assists for the second game in a row.
The Vikes looks to continue this three-game win streak in their next game on Friday against the Paint Branch Panthers at 5:30 p.m.
The largest online global chant for world tranquillity is gearing up, which is going to take place as part of a peace festival that kicks off on Saturday. The chant is a part of the first-of-its-kind festival of Buddhist Heritage, titled 'Global Shanti: Amaravati Buddhist Heritage Festival'. The festival will attempt a World Record by bringing together the world community to simultaneously chant at a common time from their respective locations by digitally connecting with the event.
Over 1,000 monks and artists from different countries will participate in the festival and a greater number of participants are expected to join for the global chant that will take place on Sunday | For pictorial representation only |
The largest online global chant for world peace is all set to take place here as part of a peace festival that kicks off on Saturday. The chant is a part of the first-of-its-kind festival of Buddhist Heritage, titled “Global Shanti: Amaravati Buddhist Heritage Festival” and will kick off on Saturday. Hosted by Andhra Pradesh Tourism Authority, the festival will reach its culmination on Feb 5. Over 1,000 monks and artists from different countries will participate in the festival and a greater number of participants are expected to join for the global chant that will take place on Sunday.
Led from the festival site by esteemed guests of honour from all three rafts of Buddhism, Theravada, Vajrayana and Mahayana, the chant will unite Monks, Bhikkhunis, lay Buddhists and people of all faiths across the globe. The festival will attempt a World Record by bringing together the world community to simultaneously chant at a common time from their respective locations by digitally connecting with the event. For those new to chanting, instructions and the words to be chanted will be provided and anyone young or old, of any race or religion, will be able to participate. To establish that people from all different cultures, religions and age are connected to each other when they chant, a short video has been created which shows that whatever people's personal reasons for chanting are, they are united in the practice of chanting for world peace.
“We're happy to host a first-of-its-kind Buddhist festival that will bring together monks, patrons and artists from different parts of the world right here in Andhra Pradesh. Global Shanti is not only a festival but a global movement towards the Buddhist tenets of peace and universal brotherhood,” said Mukesh Kumar Meena, Secretary to Government, Tourism & Culture, Government of Andhra Pradesh. Revolving around the universal message of peace, the ‘Global Shanti' – Amaravati Buddhist Heritage Festival will bring out the essence of Buddhism through a unique blend of chanting, meditation, exhibition, food, heritage walks, performances and philosophical talks by popular scholars and practitioners.
Padmashri Shovana Narayan, one of India's most celebrated Kathak Gurus, will also be performing at the festival. Besides a special exhibition is planned to showcase Buddhist heritage sites and the art of Andhra Pradesh. Heritage walks across the city and nearby sites will also be held during the three-day event. This is in addition to a host of curated tours, which will be run across the state at a nominal fee. Andhra Pradesh has 200+ important Buddhist sites dating back to the 3rd Century B.C. and is an important centre for pilgrimage and study. The state is home to The Great Buddhist Stupa in Amaravati which is the largest in India. Close by is the Nagarjunakonda Island, an ancient center of Buddhist learning, which houses 2000-year old Relic Caskets and beautiful sculptural Buddhist Art.
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
Nigeria Customs urges Nigerians to see smuggling as a crime
The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has urged Nigerians to help in the fight against Smugglers and this can only be achieved if the citizens see smuggling as a crime. According to the, Public Relations Officer of the Service, Mr Joseph Attah, , who made the appeal on Monday in Abuja. They said that the service anti-smuggling …
The post Nigeria Customs urges Nigerians to see smuggling as a crime appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Watch a replay of Monday's Falcon 9 launch as seen from the Kennedy Space Center press site, a viewpoint around three miles from pad 39A.
The 213-foot-tall (65-meter) rocket delivered a SpaceX cargo capsule on course to haul more than 6,400 pounds (2,900 kilograms) of experiments and equipment to the International Space Station. It was the 11th Falcon 9 flight of the year, and the 39th Falcon 9 launch overall.
Read our Mission Status Center for details on the flight.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
LEEDS UNITED went down 1-0 at home to Wolves on Easter Monday, a result which saw them fall out of the top six for the first time since November.
It was not the best of days for the Elland Road fauithful but, if you can, relive how the match unfolded through our match blog as curated by lee Sobot.
The ARP / Street Rodder Road Tour Presented by Chevrolet Performance is on the road on the Mississippi Gulf Coast on Cruisin' the Coast tour leg with 7,000 of our best friends. Hot rods of every description have rolled into town and the picture perfect weather has roadsters and rag tops cruisin' all day and well into the night.
For the uninitiated Cruisin' the Coast is a weeklong event that visits at least seven different coastal towns. It is really this easy, preregister or just roll into town and register on site. Then, pick a town, any town and go to the cruise-in, enjoy the restaurants, the friendly locals and everything the Gulf Coast has to offer. It is officially a week-long cruise-in but every year it seems cars roll into town earlier and stay later, the event is really that good.
Some of the trends we spotted today include an abundance of early sixties Falcons, they seem to be more plentiful than ever before. Likewise it seems there are a lot of Mavericks on hand and of course tons of pre-‘48 street rods and tri-five Chevrolets. Honestly there is one of everything here!
We'll be here picking our first 10 cars for the Painless Performance Street Rodder Top 100 for 2018, and the Street Rodder Road Tour is also here for the week. Stay tuned for daily updates or if you're close by come on down and join us for what is simply the best cruise-in anywhere.
TRAINING WILL be replaced by playing when Featherstone Rovers face North Wales Crusaders in the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup fourth round tonight (7.30pm).
The tie was due to be staged in Wrexham two days ago, but snow and ice caused a postponement and the clubs agreed to switch the fixture to this evening at Rovers' LD Nutrition Stadium, Post Office Road.
Crusaders' ground is not available in midweek and both sides were keen to play the game as soon as possible.
“We are at home and it is a training night, so there's no change to our schedule,” Rovers coach John Duffy said.
“We would have been in anyway and now we've got a game rather than training.
“The boys are looking forward to it.”
The game on Sunday was called off around four hours before kick-off and Duffy admitted: “I thought it could have been dealt with a lot earlier.
“Our bus had set off, but we have got to deal with what we've got to deal with and we'll see them on Tuesday.”
Duffy will select from the same 19 named for the original date.
Rovers are facing two games in six days. They visit Batley Bulldogs in the Betfred Championship on Sunday and Duffy said: “We will have to change a few things recovery-wise, but we'll be raring to go at Batley and hopefully we'll have some bodies back.”
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018-- analysts forecast the global ultrapure water market for the semiconductor industry is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 8% during the period 2018-2022, according to their latest market research report.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005218/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global ultrapure water market for the semiconductor industry from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
The rapid evolution in the microelectronics sector is one of the major trends being witnessed in the . The rapid growth of the microelectronics market is leading to the increased production of computer chips or integrated chips, solar cells, and flat panel displays. These devices are manufactured in fabs that require large volumes of ultrapure water. The increasing complexity of photovoltaics and flat panel display devices will create a significant demand for higher purity water.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
According to Technavio analysts, one of the key factors contributing to the growth of the global ultrapure water market for the semiconductor industry is the increase in the size of semiconductor wafers:
Global ultrapure water market for the semiconductor industry: Increase in the size of semiconductor wafers
Prevention of contamination is crucial to the semiconductor production process. Contaminant-free semiconductor wafers are used in the semiconductor production process. Cleaning of semiconductor wafers is critical, and this process requires ultrapure water. Technavio estimates that for the existing 300mm fabs, 1.5-4.5 million gallons of ultrapure water is required per day.
Over the last four decades, the size of silicon wafers used in the semiconductor industry has increased to 300mm, which has reduced the manufacturing costs of semiconductor wafers. Semiconductor manufacturers are thus investing heavily in upgrading and developing new fabs for the new wafer size.
According to a senior analyst at Technavio, “The industry plans to develop the 450-mm wafer technology, with the pilot production expected to commence by the end of 2018. Intel has invested in the R&D of the 450mm technology and is building a production facility for the same. The shift toward the use of large sizes and development of new manufacturing units to cater to this demand are factors that will drive the market during the forecast period.”
Global ultrapure water market for the semiconductor industry: Segmentation analysis
This global ultrapure water market for semiconductor industry research report provides market segmentation by application (pure-play and IDM), and by region (the Americas, EMEA, and APAC). It provides an in-depth analysis of the prominent factors influencing the market, including drivers, opportunities, trends, and industry-specific challenges.
APAC held the largest share of the market in 2017, accounting for more than 61%, followed by the Americas and EMEA respectively. The presence of semiconductor manufacturers in APAC will be a key factor influencing the growth of the ultrapure market in the region. Numerous foundries and outsourced semiconductor assembly and test (OSAT) vendors based out of China, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan contribute significantly to the regional ultrapure water market.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Some of the key topics covered in the report include:
Market Landscape
Market ecosystem Market characteristics Market segmentation analysis
Market Sizing
Market sizing Market size and forecast
Five Forces Analysis
Market Segmentation
Geographical Segmentation
Regional comparison Key leading countries
Market Drivers
Market Challenges
Market Trends
Vendor Landscape
Vendors covered Vendor classification Market positioning of vendors Competitive scenario
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005218/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM EUROPE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY UTILITIES OTHER ENERGY TECHNOLOGY OTHER TECHNOLOGY SEMICONDUCTOR
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 10:52 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 10:52 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005218/en
President Buhari meets APC Governors in Aso Rock
President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday met behind closed door with governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressive Congress(APC) at the Presidential villa, Abuja.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reliably gathered that the meeting would discuss national issues including the forthcoming APC's national convention slated for May 14 in Abuja.
Already the leadership of the party has written the Independent National Electoral Commission to intimate it of plans to hold congresses and convention across the country.
President Buhari had at the last National Executive Council(NEC) meeting of the party declared their intentions to seek re-election in 2019.
Those attending the meeting included Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha as well as the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari.
APC state governors in attendance were; Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state, Yahaya Bello of Kogi, Simon Lalung of Plateau, Jubrila Bindow of Adamawa and Abdulaziz Yari of Zamfara.
Others were Rochas Okorocha of Imo, Abdulahi Ganduje of Kano, Kashim Shettima of Borno, Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger, Tanko Almakura of Nassarawa, Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo, Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun, Godwin Obaseki of Edo and Abubakar Badaru of Jigawa.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
*Spoilers for Game Of Thrones season 1-3*
Five years ago, on a quiet night in early summer, households the world over recoiled in horror as hit fantasy show Game of Thrones played perhaps its most infamous trump card yet. The Red Wedding.
(Photo: HBO)
In episode nine of the third season, fan favourite Robb Stark travels to the castle of fickle allies House Frey for an unassuming wedding; their uncle Edmure being betrothed to one of the vulgar Lord Frey's daughters.
But after the ceremony, during the feast, things take a violent and traumatic turn.
Robb, their mother, and all of their attendant supporters are betrayed by the Freys and the slippery Roose Bolton - and the entire occasion descends into a visceral bloodbath of slaughter.
By the time the dust settles, Robb, Catelyn, and hundreds of Stark soldiers lie dead. The former coldly dispatched with blades to the heart and throat.
(Photo: HBO)
Even for a show that had acquired a reputation for violence and shock-factor, this was a moment that left viewers around the world in total shock.
A 'fantastic', terrible twist
From Roose Bolton's sly nod down to their chainmail-clad arm, to Catelyn Stark's chilling, final wail of despair (Michelle Fairley's performance is heart-wrenching), the sense of escalation is extraordinary.
"I remember, as the scene unfolded, thinking variations of 'Oh s***!'," says Chris Slinn, via our Screen Babble discussion group.
"I don't think it was a game changer, because we've seen TV shocks in the past. I don't even think it changed my opinion of the show that much, given Ned's demise so early on.
"But it was a fantastic story twist though - as someone who had not read the books."
Those familiar with the source novels by author George R R Martin knew what was coming, of course. But even they were taken aback by the TV version.
Martin has often used the Song Of Ice And Fire book series to subvert heroic fantasy tropes. And this may perhaps be their crowning example.
Yet certain changes in the adaptation actually served to make the TV version even more harrowing.
We, and poor Arya (who was so close to reuniting with their family), see Robb's wolf Greywind murdered in their pen by laughing Freys, who pepper the defenceless animal with crossbow bolts.
In the book, Robb's wife Jeyne is not with child, and is not present for the massacre. In the show, however, their wife Talisa is all too present and all too pregnant - and we flinch as a Frey man brutally stabs them again and again in the belly.
The TV show also spent a much greater amount of time getting the audience to invest in and care for Robb. In the books, they are not even a point of view character. In the show, they all but becomes the 'hero' of the saga in seasons two and three.
But much like their father Ned, they learn all too late that being the hero is no protection in this ruthless universe.
"Having already read the books, I knew what I was getting into," comments Khalil A. Cassimall. "But still my jaw dropped.
"The most amazing thing about the scene is how they succeeded in building the dread." Something Cassimall notes author George RR Martin also did "magnificently" in the book chapter.
'I never saw it coming'
Should viewers have known what to expect?
After all, Ned's own death in the penultimate episode of season one had been a statement of intent. A warning sign that normal conventions and 'plot armour' did not apply.
We also got ample warning that the Freys and Boltons were not to be trusted; David Bradley and Michael McElhatton doing such a great job of playing shifty villains-in-waiting. This being very much a show that deals with consequence, Robb's breaking of their own marriage pact with the Freys, and execution of Lord Karstark, was always going to come back to haunt him.
But still, fans were taken by surprise. As evidenced by the sheer avalanche of aghast YouTube reaction videos in the wake of the event.
"I had no idea it was coming," says Karen Dunn, simply.
Ultimately, The Red Wedding may not have been Game Of Thrones' first big gut-punch twist. But it has arguably been its most effective and enduring, inspiring countless memes, debates and even a song for Coldplay's spoof Game of Thrones musical.
Five years on, it's hard not to look back at the episode in question without recalling its nerve-jangling build-up, gradual horrifying realisation, and sickening climax.
As TV scenes go, it's undoubtedly one of the most intense and memorable in small screen history.
Police vehicles idle on the outskirts of the opposition camp against the Dakota Access oil pipeline near cannonball, North Dakota, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Terray Sylvester
(Reuters) - The Native American tribes looking to stop the Dakota Access pipeline asked a judge to find that the Army Corps violated federal regulations when it recently granted the last permit needed for the project to be finished, according to a Tuesday court filing.
In a filing in U.S. District Court in Washington, Jan Hasselman, a lawyer with Earthjustice who represents the tribes, said the court should rule, in a partial summary judgment, that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers violated the National Environmental Policy Act and Clean Water Act by issuing the final permit.
That easement will allow the Dakota Access pipeline to be completed by tunneling under Lake Oahe, a reservoir that forms part of the Missouri River. It comes after Judge James Boasberg on Monday denied the request by the Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River Sioux for a temporary restraining order stopping the last stretch of construction.
Energy Transfer Partners is building the 1,170-mile (1,885 km) line, which will run from North Dakota to Patoka, Illinois. The last permit was denied in December and later subject to further environmental review, by the outgoing Obama administration.
After taking office last month, President Donald Trump ordered that steps be taken to expedite the permit. The Army Corps then elected not to undergo the additional environmental review and issued the permit last week.
The tribes' legal options are narrowing, according to Dave Archambault II, chairperson of the Standing Rock Sioux.
The case is 1:16-cv-1534-JEB, U.S. District Court of Washington, D.C.
(Reporting by David Gaffen; Editing by Leslie Adler)
IT'S A LITTLE AFTER NOON on a recent Saturday, and an ominous-looking group of people dressed in black are standing on the sidewalk outside Boston's South Station: black skirts, black shoes, black tights, black bags, black cloth draped over their faces, and tall, pointy black hats on their heads. They hold black signs scrawled with white chalk that say, “EDUCATION NOT DEPORTATION,” “SUPPORT IMMIGRANTS DEPORT RACISTS,” and “TRUMP IS TRASH.” They are W.I.T.C.H.es.
Passersby stop to take photos with their iPhones. A middle-aged man wearing a white tank top and khakis stops to chat.
“Can you see?” they ask.
“Can you?” one of the cloaked figures answers.
The W.I.T.C.H. movement was founded on Halloween in 1968. A group of second-wave feminists—part of the group New York Radical Women—broke away to expand the reach of their protest. W.I.T.C.H. stood for “Women's International Terrorist Conspiracy from Hell,” and its members wanted to represent more than just the fight for women's rights; they wanted to support the anti-war movement, students' rights, black liberation, and more. The group would be theatrical, with every member wearing a full witch costume and remaining completely anonymous.
Many members of the original W.I.T.C.H. were practicing witches. They believed the connection between women, witchcraft, and politics was indeed very old. In Margot Adler's seminal 1979 book on paganism, Drawing Down the Moon , they write, “Feminist Witches have stated that Witchcraft is not incompatible with politics, and further that the Craft is a religion historically conceived in rebellion and can therefore be true to its nature only when it continues its ancient fight against oppression.”
For their 1969 inaugural event, members of the original group dressed in full witch garb and marched on Wall Street, to protest capitalism and place a hex on the financial district. A few months later, they released white mice at a bridal fair at Madison Square Garden to protest the traditional role of women. Other “covens” sprouted up in Chicago and Washington, D.C., before the group disbanded in 1970.
In 2016, the anonymous W.I.T.C.H. movement was resurrected by a group in Portland, Oregon, inspired by the injustice they see in the world around them, and in their own backyards. Now, there are at least 50 new covens operating in cities around the U.S. and Europe.
After rallying at South Station, the group of Boston W.I.T.C.H.es begins walking toward Boston Common, where they will attend a rally in support of DACA, or Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, organized by the Boston May Day Coalition. The Boston coven was founded in January of this year. Members say that they attend at least one event per month, in costume. “We want to have a presence at as much as we can,” said one W.I.T.C.H. As they walk—a line of women shrouded in head-to-toe black on a muggy 80-degree day—people on the streets call out, “We love you!”, “Great work, ladies!”, and “Happy Halloween!”
On the Common, they arrive in front of the State House, and confer for a moment before deciding to place themselves under a tree, up on the grass. Almost immediately, other protesters approach and begin taking photos and selfies with their phones.
“A lot of people assume we're silent protestors,” one W.I.T.C.H. explains. This is why their signs include @witchboston, their Twitter handle. In a culture so entwined with social media, the W.I.T.C.H.es hope that the information about who they are and what they're doing can and will be looked up later. (They are also popular on Instagram, with more than 13,000 followers.) Sometimes they hand out tarot cards at events, edited to include a message such as “A vote for the health-care bill will mean DEATH for millions of Americans” on the death card . On their YouTube channel, they posted a video of one of the rituals they performed before a protest: the “binding” of Donald Trump . Currently, it has almost 16,000 views.
Not everyone at the DACA rally understands their message. “It's a confusing statement,” says Dain Goding, an education administrator who stood in front of the group taking a photograph. “Especially here, on the Common, where they used to hang witches.”
But that doesn't stop Goding, or anyone else, from paying attention.
“Anonymity is dramatic,” says a W.I.T.C.H. (Anonymity also prevents doxxing—a real threat in this day and age.)
“The witch is a powerful figure when so many people feel like they're losing control,” another W.I.T.C.H. explains. To be using this imagery right now, in this political climate—one in which the idea of being a witch was used to attack Hillary Clinton during their presidential campaign—is “an affront to the current power structure,” they add.
But the history of witches and witchcraft is not all about fear and power and the Salem witch trials. For the W.I.T.C.H.es, it's about inclusion and representing everyone who is oppressed or unseen. “We are everywhere. We are your sisters, your neighbors, your teachers, your bartenders, your mechanics, your check-out clerks, your drivers, and your nurses,” reads their online manifesto .
It's also about shaking up the status quo. “To brand yourself as a witch today is associating yourself with a kind of disruption,” says Alex Mar, author of 2015 book Witches of America .
“From the outside, it's still seen as frightening, jarring, shocking,” they explain. “I think that's something that these activists are having fun playing with.”
When the DACA rally finishes up at the State House, the protestors—now numbering in the hundreds—march to Government Center, through downtown Boston. The W.I.T.C.H.es walk in the crowd, joining in the cry, “This is what America looks like!” On the street, onlookers shout at them: “We love you!” and “Put a spell on me!”
I am reminded of a moment earlier in the day, when the man in the tank top outside South Station had approached the group and asked them about what they did, and why they “hide.”
“The protest isn't about us,” one woman responded. “We represent all oppressed people. It's about everyone who is suffering.”
The man smiled. “So, it's about … the whole world?”
Update, 10/3: An earlier version of the story misidentified the Boston W.I.T.C.H. group as all-women. They are not. We regret the error.
(AP Photo/Vincent Yu). A woman walks past a bank electronic board showing the Hong Kong share index at Hong Kong Stock Exchange Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Asian shares were moderately lower on Wednesday after U.S. stocks succumbed to a sell-off in the fi...
(AP Photo/Vincent Yu). People walk past a bank electronic board showing the Hong Kong share index at Hong Kong Stock Exchange Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Asian shares were moderately lower on Wednesday after U.S. stocks succumbed to a sell-off in the fina...
By ELAINE KURTENBACH
AP Business Writer
BANGKOK (AP) - World stocks were mostly lower Wednesday as tech shares in particular were hit by worries over trade tensions between China and the U.S. Trading volumes were subdued as U.S. markets were due to remain closed.
KEEPING SCORE: Germany's DAX lost 0.1 percent to 12,337 while the CAC 40 of France rose 0.3 percent to 5,329. Britain's FTSE 100 fell 0.2 percent to 7,580. Wall Street was due to remain closed for Independence Day.
ASIA'S DAY: Japan's Nikkei 225 index fell 0.3 percent to 21,717.04 and the Shanghai Composite index dropped 0.1 percent to 2,759.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 1.1 percent to 28,241.67 and the Kospi in South Korea lost 0.2 percent to 2,265.46. Australia's S&P ASX/200 gave up 0.4 percent to 6,183.40.
CHINA-U.S. TRADE: On Friday the U.S. is set to impose a 25 percent tariff on $34 billion worth of Chinese imports. And China is expected to strike back with tariffs on a similar amount of U.S. exports. The big question is how far the two countries will go in their dispute over trade. The Trump administration has said it won't target an additional $16 billion worth of Chinese goods until it gathers further public comments. It's also identifying an additional $200 billion in Chinese goods for 10 percent tariffs, which could take effect if Beijing retaliates.
EUROPE TRADE: German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Tuesday the European Union will strive to avoid a trade war with the United States. But Washington needs to join in that effort, Merkel said. President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts.
CHINESE CURRENCY: Reported comments by the head of China's central bank saying he's closely watching the recent slide in the value of the yuan against the dollar have helped reassure investors. People's Bank of China Governor Yi Gang said financial risks were under control and the China's international balance of payments and currency flows were stable.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "The statement puts paid to any fears that the PBOC could be engineering a depreciation to cushion the economy," Chang Weiliang of Mizuho Bank said in a commentary. The yuan ended trading Wednesday at 6.66 to the dollar.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell back, losing 30 cents to $73.84 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It added 20 cents to $74.14 a barrel on Tuesday, reaching more than $75 a barrel in early trading. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 33 cents to $78.09 per barrel.
CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 110.51 yen from 110.59 yen on Tuesday. The euro dropped to $1.1641 from $1.1657.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Thousands of runners hit the streets of the Capital City today for the 6th Annual Louisiana Marathon series.
An estimated 8,500 runners of all ages took off from the foot of the State Capitol on January 14 at 7 a.m.
The 6th annual Louisiana Marathon kicked off Friday, January 13 with The Blue Cross Blue Shield of Louisiana Expo at the Raising Cane's River Center, 275 South River Road.
The Louisiana Marathon ended on Sunday, January 15, with thousands of runners completing the half and full marathons.
Kevin Castille of Lafayette,LA took first place overall for the half, and set a new record with finishing 1:07:28.
Ryan Schafbuch of Lafayette,IN was the first place finisher overall of the full marathon with a time of 2:33:36.
On Saturday, the Louisiana Quarter, 5k, and kids marathons were completed which saw multiple winners from various age groups.
The fastest 5k time was run by 26-year-old Keith Kotar, of Benbrook, TX finishing one second over 16 minutes, while 20-year-old Rebecca Little had the fastest female time of 18:53.
The fastest male quarter marathon time was run by Shaun Evans, 38, of Middle Grove, New York with a time of 41:05, while the fastest female time was run by 14-year-old Josie Whipp, of Baton Rouge, with a time of 47:50.
The top 2 male winners of the 5k Masters, awarded to runners between 40 and 50, were Braden Mims, 41, of Thomasville, Alabama with a time of 18:42 and Daric Bass, 47, of Belle Chasse, with a time of 19:30. The top 2 female Masters winners were Amy Newton, 42, of Gonzales and Rebecca Derosa, 41, of Massillon, Ohio, both finishing with a time of 24:20.
The male and female Grand Masters 5k winners, runners 50 and over, were Will Lapointe, 54, of Baton Rouge with a time of 22:31 and Deborah Babcock, 61, of Sulphur with a time of 21:54.
The male and female winners of the Quarter Marathon Masters were Jason Hank, 40, of Baton Rouge, with a time of 44:36 and Gita Kulkarni, 40, of Houston, TX, with a time of 48:18.
The male and female Grand Masters for the Quarter Marathon were Eric Goodman, 52, of Baton Rouge with a time of 44:42 and Joni Russo, 57, at 57:41.
Runners in the Louisiana 5k, presented by The Advocate, received an official 5K medal from The Louisiana Marathon.
RELATED STORIES:
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
NEW DELHI — India and Pakistan have declared a cease-fire along their disputed border in Kashmir, a move welcomed with uneasiness among the population in the area, where a series of such agreements have failed in the past.
The cease-fire was agreed on Tuesday evening. If successful, it would temper border hostilities between nuclear-armed neighbors in a disputed region that has recently witnessed some of its worst violence in years. On Wednesday, a tense calm settled on the border separating the Indian-controlled part of the region, known as Jammu and Kashmir, from the Pakistani-held area.
Civilians displaced by the violence cautiously contemplated returning to their homes on Wednesday, waiting to see whether violence would resume. Tens of thousands of people have been displaced in recent years along the straggling boundary, which stretches for about 1,200 miles. Cross-border shelling has been a weekly part of life.
Eager to restart their lives and return home, many were hopeful that the truce would stick, but not confident.
The U.N. human rights chief told an informal meeting of the Security Council Monday that the Syrian government's five-year siege of the Damascus suburbs of eastern Ghouta has involved "pervasive war crimes," use of chemical weapons and starvation as a weapon of war.
High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein was blocked from addressing a formal council meeting by a Russian procedural maneuver, but they delivered their hard-hitting speech to an open meeting anyway, decrying "mind-numbing crimes" committed by all parties in Syria using "unlawful methods of warfare."
They said multiple parties to the conflict, now in its eighth year, "claim to justify their military offensives based on their struggle against terrorism."
But Zeid said "never before have the campaigns against terrorism been used more often to justify the unconscionable use of force against civilians than in the last few months in Syria."
They were especially critical of Syria, singling out President Bashar Assad's claim that their government makes every effort to protect civilians.
The U.N.'s top human rights official dismissed it, saying: "When you are capable of torturing and indiscriminately killing your own people, you have long forfeited your own credibility."
Zeid pointed to eastern Ghouta as an example.
"The siege of eastern Ghouta by the Syrian government forces, half a decade long, has involved pervasive war crimes, the use of chemical weaponry, enforced starvation as a weapon of warfare, and the denial of essential and life-saving aid," they said.
Zeid said this has culminated "in the current relentless, month-long bombardment of hundreds of thousands of terrified trapped civilians."
"Families are now streaming out of the area," they said, "but many civilians fear reprisals will be taken against them for their perceived support for opposition groups."
Zeid stressed that "those who have perpetrated and are still perpetrating these mind-numbing crimes committed in Syria must be made to answer before a properly constituted court of law."
"This must be assured and made non-negotiable — for the victims," they said, but also for the legitimacy of the U.N. and the Security Council, and to prevent future violations and advance human rights around the world.
They again urged the council to refer Syria to the International Criminal Court.
That remains highly unlikely, however, since both Russia and China vetoed a resolution backed by more than 60 countries in May 2014 that would have referred the Syrian conflict to the ICC.
Zeid also said justice and respect for human rights must be at the center of any peace talks.
"No settlement which shields the perpetrators from prosecution is worth discussing, simply because such a settlement would be utterly empty," they said. "For peace in Syria to be meaningful and lasting, a guarantee of justice for the Syrian people must be assured."
Zeid had been scheduled to speak at an open council meeting Monday afternoon, but when it started, Russian Deputy Ambassador Gennady Kuzmin protested that it was a question for the Human Rights Council in Geneva, not the Security Council, which is charged with ensuring international peace and security.
They demanded a procedural vote on whether the meeting should be held.
To proceed, at least nine of the 15 council members had to vote "yes," but only eight did so. Four countries voted "no" — Russia, China, Bolivia and Kazakhstan — while the three African countries, Ethiopia, Ivory Coast and Equitorial Guinea abstained.
Longtime U.N. observers said it was exceedingly rare for a scheduled council meeting to be halted by a procedural vote.
France's U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre criticized Russia for refusing any discussion of human rights in the Security Council, when rights violations in Syria "are at their very peak."
Britain's deputy U.N. ambassador Jonathan Allen said Russia "doesn't want the truth of ... the appalling human rights abuses taking place."
But they said: "We mustn't let them silence us."
By MARTIN CRUTSINGER
WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The increase in the short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers.
The central bank chose to raise rates again despite an economic slowdown at the start of 2017, which it predicts will prove temporary. It foresees one additional rate hike this year, unchanged from its previous forecast. It gave no hint of when that might occur.
The latest Fed rate hike, announced in a statement after a policy meeting, comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly. Even so, many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms.
Though it assesses the overall economy, the Fed's mandates are to maximize employment and stabilize prices. And hiring in the United States remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment.
Inflation has been more problematic, having long stayed below the central bank's 2 percent target rate. Recent data have suggested that inflation may even be slowing further. But Fed officials have said they think inflation will soon pick up along with the economy.
That said, no one expects the Fed's rate hikes to turn aggressive. If nothing else, the chronically low inflation and the political fights and uncertainty in Washington — over investigations into Russia's ties to President Donald Trump's campaign, health care legislation, tax-cut plans and about whether Congress will raise the nation's borrowing limit and pass a new budget — could lead the Fed to raise rates more slowly than it otherwise would.
Uncertainty also surrounds the membership of the Fed's own policy committee. Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Fed officials have concluded that the economy, now entering its ninth year of expansion, no longer needs the ultra-low borrowing rates they supplied beginning in the Great Recession.
The central bank kept its benchmark rate at a record low near zero starting in late 2008 to try to boost consumer and business borrowing and lift the country out of the worst downturn since the 1930s. It finally raised the rate modestly in December 2015, then waited a year do so again. It acted again in March.
At the depths of the recession, the Fed began buying Treasury and mortgage bonds to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion. The Fed said Wednesday that it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the three vacancies on the Fed's seven-member board. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairperson's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more “hawkish” stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, “doves” favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term.
MARCOUSSIS, France (AP) — France hooker Christopher Tolofua will miss the Six Nations championship because of a neck injury.
The French Rugby Federation says 24-year-old Tolofua, who plays for English side Saracens and has seven test caps, will not be replaced in the squad.
France coach Jacques Brunel names their side Thursday for its Six Nations opener at home to Ireland on Feb. 3.
Administrators will hold Whitman Strong Day this Friday, Dec. 15, principal Alan Goodwin said in an email. The day will include a lengthened third period for students to catch up on work and participate in activities designed by students in Whitman's Sources of Strength program.
By Yiyang Zhang
This was the first Turkey Campaign event, organized by the Sources of Strength club. The event, which took place Nov. 20-21, invited students to write down what they are thankful for during lunch or breaks in the day. The club then displayed the notes on large thankfulness banners.
Principal Alan Goodwin emailed staff today to inform them that the body of senior Navid Sepehri had been found Dec. 10. Sepehri had been reported missing the night before, friends of the Whitman student said.
By Matthew van Bastelaer
Monumental Sports Network will livestream both the JV and varsity boys basketball games against Landon Dec. 12. Anyone with a subscription to the network can view the games.
By Eva Herscowitz
The Psych Journal is the only student-run, high school psychology journal in the country. Psych Journal is distributed both in print and online to over 1,000 AP Psychology teachers who use it in their classrooms to demonstrate proper research and experimentation at a high school level, advisor Marisa Del Savio said.
By Zoe Kaufmann
These words, delivered by transgender poet Lee Mokobe in a TED Talk, rang through English teacher Omari James' classroom Nov. 17 as part of junior Lukas Gates' presentation on transgender issues.
By Jessie Solomon
In a tight game, the boys basketball team (0‒1) lost to the St. Stephen's & St. Agnes Saints (1‒0), 54‒68.
By Ava Chenok
Pick up your fall magazine Nov. 6!
By Julie Rosenstein
Monday, Nov 27, Whitman sophomore Jojo Greenberg passed away. A vigil was held in their memory Thursday Nov. 30.
By Shehrez Chaudhri
Currently one of D.C.'s most popular museums, ARTECHOUSE is one of the few museums in the country that showcases exclusively digital-based art. The museum opened in June and displays interactive pieces by contemporary artists that change regularly according to the seasons.
By Naren Roy
Neighbors United hosted a panel of three professional journalists to present tools for identifying fake news at River Road Unitarian Universalist Congregation Nov. 6.
By Tiger Bjӧrnlund and Amy Nankin
It starts with how we think about mental health. Even with assemblies, posters, articles and other measures, the stigma remains. Mental illness is exactly that: an illness. It's not something to be embarrassed about and those affected can't just “snap out of it.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tributes have been paid to John Edward Ralph Aspinall who died peacefully aged 90 at the Manor House Nursing Home at Chatburn earlier this month.
A Ribble Valley landowner, John lived at their 500-year-old family home Standen Hall, Pendleton, for most of their long life.
A descendant of a couple of notable inventors, John's mother's family, the Lawson Johnston's invented and marketed Bovril. Meat off cuts were used to make “fluid beef”, later renamed Bovril from the “bos” the Latin for ox and “vril” – an obscure word meaning “life force”.
Another relation on John's mother's side, Sir Isaac Pitman, invented shorthand which John learned and thereafter confounded the mere mortals who could never read their writing.
An ancestor John Aspinall (1716-1784) was a very successful lawyer and Sergeant at Law and assisted with the drafting of the constitution of two North American states.
John themselves was educated at Ludgrove, Eton College, and for a short time at Clitheroe Royal Grammar School during the war, John went on to play a full, if eccentric, part in Ribble Valley life.
They owned the ground at Clitheroe Football Club and was a passionate supporter for many years, attending most of their games and enjoying their official title of Lifetime President of the club.
When it came to the Premier League, Manchester United was the focus of John's affection and loyalty and, in the early days of their support for the club, they used to regularly meet and correspond with legendary manager Sir Matt Busby.
Politics was another great interest and attendance at the Conservative Party conference was a priority entry in their diary for 25 years or so.
They took a keen interest in local politics too and hosted many events at their home over the years in support of the local candidate.
John was particularly fond of the village of Pendleton and especially All Saints Church which was built by one of the Aspinall family several generations ago.
They were a patron of All Saints and actively supported many fundraising events in aid of the upkeep of the building and its grounds.
Hampered by a brain injury inflicted in their early 20s, John Aspinall was a colourful character, a proud Lancastrian, most definitely eccentric and will be much missed by their immediate family and those who knew them well.
Brazil's two biggest cities on Sunday inaugurated mayors who are political outsiders and whose victories underscored deep frustration with the political class and public corruption.
Joao Doria, a millionaire business person who once hosted "The Apprentice Brazil," took the oath of office in the country's financial capital of São Paulo. They defeated an ally of the president as well as the incumbent. Evangelical bishop and senator Marcelo Crivella was also sworn in, as Rio de Janeiro's mayor. They also defeated an ally of the president.
The victories of these unusual candidates speak to the depth of Brazilian discontent with politics. While many Brazilians have long dismissed their politicians as corrupt, an investigation into kickbacks at the state-run oil company Petrobras has revealed graft on a scale that has shocked even the most cynical. Arrests of politicians and business people seem to occur every week.
Crivella faces an especially tough task in Rio, which is essentially broke and has struggled to pay police and other public servants, even as it tries to clamp down on rampant crime. Rio residents blame the economic problems on corruption, while others say the government overextended itself to host the 2016 Olympics.
In addition to its political implications, Crivella's election is also a sign of the rise of evangelicals in Brazil. Although Brazil is largely Roman Catholic, the evangelical community now accounts for one-fifth of the population of around 200 million.
Crivella is a staunch supporter of Israel, often citing their faith as the underlying reason for their support of the Jewish state. “Marcelo Crivella, who has been to Israel nearly 35 times, is a great friend of the Jewish community and the State of Israel,” Israel's Rio-based honorary consul Osias Wurman, a former president of Rio's Jewish federation, told JTA in November.
Crivella is also known for using religious imagery in their political rhetoric, including recording hymes during their campaign, one was even titled "I am Israel." When discussing crime in Rio de Janeiro, Crivella insisted, “We are living during a deep moral crisis, it [Rio] should be walled like Jerusalem.”
Crivella has had to work hard to distance themselves from statements they made in a book they wrote in 1999 in which they described Roman Catholics as "demonic" and claimed that Hindus drank their children's blood.
The 59-year-old has also described homosexuality as evil and African religions as worshiping "evil spirits."
Revelations of widespread corruption throughout the past year have exacerbated an already uneasy political situation in Brazil, which is also in deep recession. The last president, Dilma Rousseff, was impeached and removed from office in mid-2016 on charges they broke budget laws.
Current President Michel Temer took over amid hopes they would push through reforms and rescue an economy in deep recession. But questions about Temer's legitimacy and that of their reform agenda have dogged them since they took office. More recently, they have been accused of abusing their power - an allegation they deny.
Through it all, anger with politicians in Brazil has grown. Protests have drawn people from across the political spectrum seeking an outlet for their disgust.
Senate Invasion: Dogara warns against formation of support groups in NASS
Speaker of House of Representatives, Mr Yakubu Dogara, has warned lawmakers against forming support groups in the parliament for public officers, describing it as violation of their oath of office.
Dogara said this at plenary on Tuesday, while reacting to the April 18 attack at the Senate during which thugs suspected to have been sponsored by a suspended senator made away with the mace.
They also declared that the action of the perpetrators of the act was an attack on the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, not only the National Assembly.
They said there was nowhere in the world where lawmakers formed ‘clubs' to drum up support for public officers in other arms of government, maintaining that it amounted to violation of their oath of office.
The speaker warned that the House leadership would not tolerate any act of terrorism from any member.
According to him, there is no club anywhere in the world dedicated to defending or protecting someone's interest.
“So, when lawmakers, having groups to support public officers, we are violating the very essence of the mandate we have been given by the people.
“This is not a place for anarchist, monsters or terrorists.
“We can't allow anyone to terrorise this parliament. We are democrats and anybody that calls themselves a democrat can't be defended by thugs; a democrat is defended by the law,” they said.
To lawmakers who belong to support groups, Dogara said “this slant of psychophancy operating in the National Assembly, I have a message for them.
“We were attacked in the 7th Assembly and those who collaborated with outsiders to attack us, where are they today?
“There is need for us to add our voice so that the public will know where we stand.
“First of all, I have listened to debates on the social media on the attack on the senate and even enlightened people have tried to justify the morality of the invasion of the chambers.
“There is no amount of anger that would make a member of National Assembly to procure the services of thugs to come and carry out acts of treason on the parliament.
“And, if this can happen here, nothing stops them from invading the Supreme Court, because this place is more secured than the court.
“So, any attack on the National Assembly is attack on Buhari; any attack on the judiciary is an attack on Buhari and any attack on the executive is an attack on Buhari's government,” they said.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Taipei (CNA) - Taiwan attaches importance to its relations with Japan and hopes to forge closer ties with the country, Vice President Chen Chien-jen (陳建仁) said Tuesday.
Speaking with a visiting delegation of Taiwanese expatriates in Japan, Chen described Japan as an important ally and said that the two sides are closely tied in terms of culture and economy.
They said bilateral relations moved a step closer when the Japanese government made the decision to change the name of its representative office in Taiwan from the "Interchange Association, Japan" to the "Japan-Taiwan Exchange Association" at the beginning of this year.
It also changed the Chinese name of the organization by adding the names "Japan" and "Taiwan," they said.
Despite the absence of formal diplomatic ties, cooperation between the two countries remains strong, both in terms of economy and culture, the vice president said.
Two-way tourism has also flourished, they went on, noting that Taiwanese visitors to Japan reached 4.56 million last year, while Japanese tourists coming to the island stood at 1.89 million.
While Taiwan is seeking to join the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), and pushing its "5+2 Industrial Innovation Program," Chen said the government hopes that Taiwanese expatriates can also use their influence to help Taiwan forge an economic partnership agreement with Japan.
Meanwhile Chen extended their gratitude to the delegation for its long-term support for Taiwan, and for its help in promoting bilateral friendship.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Why Zuma's Love Life Is Great News For Cyril Ramaphosa
On Friday news broke that dear old Jacob was going to be a father again, this time with 24-year-old Nonkanyiso Conco.
We compiled everything we know about Conco in this story, but what about how Cyril will be taking the news?
Sightings of the president patrolling the Sea Point promenade have been few and far between, but I guess that's because they have had their hands full.
One issue that they have had to deal with is Zuma's new habit of taking pot shots at the ANC, the same party that the New York Times took to task, which has led many to wonder if they are trying to create a breakaway faction.
Well, with Zuma set to become a baby daddy for the 22nd 23rd 24th time (nobody seems sure), Huff Post believes Cyril should be grinning ear to ear.
Check it:
This is the best possible news for President Cyril Ramaphosa who reportedly faced the threat of a scalded Zuma mobilising behind disaffected ANC members in KwaZulu-Natal. But now it seems that Zuma has chosen to use their retirement to reignite a plan to marry more regularly… In their first years in office, they married Thobeka Madiba and Gloria Ngema [below] until the ANC put a stop to it. At their wedding to Ngema, Zuma told their new bride, “Don't close the door that you found open…” and they are clearly now free to exercise theirs options.
A member of the ANC's former leadership told me that the women in the party had approached Zuma and told them that their polygamous lifestyle was accepted as a traditional right, but if the first family expanded annually it would impact on the party's identity as a modern organisation that supported gender rights. So, the president stopped the wedded bliss and reportedly left a Swazi princess, Sebentile Dlamini, stranded after they proposed to their family in 2002. But, unshackled from the chains of office, the former president is now free to be the lover they always are. …to hear that Zuma's lover has won out over their fighter is the best possible news for Ramaphosa.
Finally unshackled, it appears those oats are set to be sown.
Maybe their new conquests will slow their political aims down, although it's obvious that being ousted by their own party has cut them deep.
Let's just hope they eventually end up behind bars, sans conjugal visits from outsiders.
[source:huffpost]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File). FILE - In this Aug. 15, 2016 file photo, three of Deepwater Wind's five turbines stand in the water off Block Island, R.I, the nation's first offshore wind farm. Deepwater Wind said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, it will creat...
By JENNIFER McDERMOTT
Associated Press
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
The company also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. This latest project will have up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
Deepwater Wind's CEO says it will be "an enormous clean energy machine."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DETROIT (AP) -- Kameron Chatman had 21 points with eight rebounds to lead all five Detroit Mercy starters in double-figure scoring in a 74-60 victory over IUPUI on Friday night.
Chatman, who had four assists and three steals, scored 12 points in the first half when Detroit took a 38-28 lead after shooting 52 percent and leading by as many at 18.
The Titans led the entire game and made 8 of 19 3-point tries. Roschon Prince and Josh McFolley added 14 points with McFolley making four of the Titans' 11 steals. DeShawndre Black scored 13 points and Cole Long 12 with seven assists for the Titans (7-17, 3-8 Horizon).
Jaylen Minnett led the Jaguars (7-15, 4-7), who have lost four straight, with four 3-pointers for their 12 points. IUPUI didn't get closer than seven in the second half.
The victory avenged an 81-66 loss at IUPUI on Jan. 16.
Appeal Court quashes Orubebe's conviction by CCT
The Court of Appeal has set aside the judgement of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) which convicted ex-Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godsday Orubebe, of charges of false declaration of assets in 2007. In a unanimous judgement delivered in Abuja by a three-man panel of Justices led by Justice Mohammed Abdul Aboki, the appellate […]
Appeal Court quashes Orubebe's conviction by CCT
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Disney, which has a long regulatory head start due to its deal for Fox being submitted in December, has been lining up financing in case it needs to change its bid from all stock, according to a CNBC report on Tuesday that was confirmed by a person briefed on the matter, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the effort is private. A Disney spokesperson declined to comment.
Fox on Wednesday acknowledged Comcast's renewed interest — Comcast made a bid in the fall that Fox rejected due to regulatory concerns — and noted that the special meeting could be postponed or adjourned if a new offer legally requires Fox to send shareholders supplementary material or disclosures.
Under its deal with Disney, Fox is selling stakes in two behemoth overseas television providers, Sky of Britain and Star of India; a portion of Hulu; the cable channels FX and National Geographic; a chain of 22 regional cable networks dedicated to sports; a television studio with more than 30 series in production; a portion of the Endemol Shine Group, which makes reality shows; and the 20th Century Fox movie studio, which controls the “Avatar” and “X-Men” franchises.
Comcast, the largest cable and broadband provider in the United States, wants Fox's overseas businesses in particular — so much so that it made a $31 billion offer last month for the 61 percent of Sky that Fox doesn't already own.
A new residents' association for Greenacres and the fact that some travellers who did not wish to cooperate with Central Beds Council have left the site, offers real hope of improved behaviour in the near future.
That was the message brought to CBC's Executive meeting last Tuesday, by the travellers' spokesperson Mr Jones who said consultation talks between the travellers and CBC “couldn't have gone any better”.
Mr Jones said since the council plan had been devised the travellers had engaged with CBC officers and set up the residents' association.
They said: “Officers have been surprised by the amount of cooperation they have been getting from site residents.
“The residents' association has been quite successful on the site to bring about infrastructure improvements.
“There has been a marked improvement in community cohesion on the site.
“Hopefully some time down the line we'll be able to improve community cohesion outside of the site.
“A lot of people on the site don't want to have this ‘us and them' situation. Quite a lot of progress has been made.
“On site there were people who didn't want to engage with the council with the process of improving things.
“I'm glad to say that the majority of those people who felt like that have decided to leave the site, which is going to be a benefit to everybody because that will be a marked reduction in anti-social behaviour.”
They said: “I am quite pleased.
“I didn't think the people on site would respond in the way that they have.
“Initially I think there was disbelief from residents, they felt it was a done deal and pointless trying to engage with the council to improve things.
“But with the work that has been done by the residents' association explaining what has to be done and reduction that have to be made in the number of caravans, people understand and understand why.”
They said anti-social behaviour off site may not have been Greenacres residents. “But if it is, they need to be dealt with,” they said. “That is no different to anywhere else.”
Cllr Carole Hegley said struck by the depth of concern that had been raised by villagers. They hoped that the sincerity of commitment by Mr Jones was matched by the travellers.
Councillor Kevin Collins, Deputy Executive Member for Corporate Resources, said: “The health, safety and wellbeing of those living on the sites and those in the wider community is our primary concern but we also recognise that the cost of building a new site is a significant investment of public money.
“We are committed to addressing the issues and if this can be achieved by working with the residents on the sites then this is the best approach.
“We will expect to see progress on all issues though and we still have the possibility of closing these sites if necessary.”
> Villagers' rage over lack of enforcement at Billington travellers' sites for years
> ‘Carrot and stick' approach agreed to address controversial Greenacres travellers' site
Zeiss Diavari 1.5-6x42T value I have one of these in mint condition that I got on a rifle trade. Any idea what it's worth as I may just sell it. I see new they sold for around $1600 but have been discontinued. Thank you.
Earther You Asked For This | The A.V. Club A frustrating Handmaid's Tale gets a bunch of things almost right—and one thing…
Today 5:35pm
Have your say
It's National BBQ Week - so what better reason to check out these tasty restaurants?
Sunderland is blessed with an assortment of high-quality restaurants offering a range of dishes - but have you ever considered sampling some BBQ food on Wearside?
This week is National BBQ Week, so we've picked out five of the best places to indulge in some grilled delights.
From traditional BBQ to something more exotic, there's something for everyone:
Shandiz
Dishing up a range of exotic BBQ options, this Persian-inspired restaurant has proved a hit with punters for years.
Among its most popular offerings are Koobideh (BBQ Kofta) and Joojeh (BBQ Chicken) which are marinated in lemon sauce and saffron.
With eat in and takeaway options available, it's ideal for a quick bite or a bigger meal.
Visit: 22 Vine Place, SR1 3NA
Holy Smokes
A popular restaurant in its former home opposite Port of Call on Derwent Street, the grill has been fired up again at a new location.
Holy Smokes now operates only as a takeaway but continues to serve the succulent meats and sides that became its trademark.
As well as a range of 'Badass Burgers' and 'Dirty Dogs', you can delve into spectacular portions of their 'Pit Meat' which is cooked to perfection and excellently flavoured.
Visit: 139 High Street West, SR1 1UN
The Broadway, Stirks Steakhouse
When Stirks are involved, you know the meat is going to be top quality.
And that's certainly the case at the Broadway, which the butchers have recently turned into their speciality steakhouse.
Steaks and sharers dominate the sit-down menu, although the la carte offerings ensure there is something for everyone.
Visit: 30A Wavendon Crescent, SR4 8LW
The Meat Up
Having taken over the former home of Holy Smokes on Derwent Street, the newly-founded restaurant had big shoes to fill.
And they have delivered with an excellent BBQ offering - pit meats and hanging kebabs being the house specialities.
Takeaway is available, while the atmospheric upstairs restaurant is the perfect setting if you have a little longer.
Visit: 15-17 Derwent Street, SR1 1NU
Miller & Carter
The popular chain only recently took up residence in Sunderland but has already become a big hit.
Steaks may be their specialities, but an extensive chargrill menu gives you the chance to experience some real BBQ.
And with a fine range of meats available - including an exquisite tandoori lamb rump - there's an opportunity to savour some new tastes.
Visit: Newcastle Road, SR5 1JT
Why Breeze FM will not get compensation for demolition – Al-Makura
Gov. Umaru Al-Makura of Nasarawa declared on Tuesday in Lafia that the government would not compensate the management of Breeze 99.9 FM over the demolition of the private radio station. “The matter is already concluded; compensation will not be paid over government's action,” the governor said, while distributing relief materials to 50 communities hit by […]
Why Breeze FM will not get compensation for demolition – Al-Makura
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
Want the latest climate news in your inbox? You can sign up here to receive Climate Fwd:, our new email newsletter.
WASHINGTON — In one sign of the pressures that companies face to understand the business risks of stricter climate-change policies, one of the world's biggest energy companies on Friday offered its thoughts on how it would fare in a low-carbon world.
Exxon Mobil's shareholders — concerned that the company's main businesses, oil and natural gas, may be imperiled — had demanded last year that the company give a more detailed accounting of the consequences of global policies aimed at curbing emissions of earth-warming gases. Those policies include the goal of the Paris climate agreement to prevent global temperatures from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels.
Exxon's conclusion: Even aggressive climate policies pose “little risk” to its investments. It stressed that it expected healthy demand for its products for decades to come, regardless of how strongly countries move to cut emissions.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Climate Fwd: Sign up for our newsletter to get our latest stories about climate change — along with answers to your questions and tips on how to help. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Exxon also played down the impact of electric vehicles on its business prospects.
But even as those words sought to reassure shareholders, the report underscored how the company is grappling with the transition to stricter policies to curb greenhouse gas emissions, a shift various analysts and climate advocates say will pose a mortal threat to the fossil fuels industry. A paper published in Nature in 2015 estimated that, for the world to have a 50-50 shot at staying below 2 degrees Celsius of warming, the world would have to avoid burning most of the coal reserves currently beneath the ground, half the natural gas, and about one-third of the oil.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Exxon laid out a more optimistic view. Oil and natural gas, the company's mainstays, will “continue to play a critical role in meeting the world's energy demand,” the company said in its report.
Among the questions is how such digital currency contributions would be counted toward state campaign contribution limits set in dollars.
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Tonto Dikeh blasts Tunde Ednut for shading Nina
The actor commented on a blurry video of the ex-housemate that Tunde Ednut posted on their Instagram page.
The post Tonto Dikeh blasts Tunde Ednut for shading Nina appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Must Watch! Jidenna Takes On Nigerian Stories.. What You Shouldn't Try With Your Nigerian Uncles
There's a new ad airing across channels on Nigerian television.
If you haven't caught it yet, here's a quick catch up.
Let's create a scenario, you know how you get excited about your favorite family member returning from the abroad “America, U.K” because that means you will be getting goodies? Well, in one of the new Heineken ads, Classic man, Jidenna arrives the country and meets with their family.
As is the norm in Africa, Jidenna came bearing good gifts for their family, but the lesson here is when they present their uncle with their gift.
Watch and learn
The post Must Watch! Jidenna Takes On Nigerian Stories.. What You Shouldn't Try With Your Nigerian Uncles appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Danica Patrick stands by their car before qualifying for Sunday's NASCAR Cup series auto race at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, N.C., Thursday, May 25, 2017. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton)
BOSTON (AP) -- Danica Patrick says they ''had a moment'' when they lost their temper at a booing fan after qualifying for last week's NASCAR race.
They say they know the smarter thing to do would have been to ''just keep walking.''
''But every now and again they just catch you in a moment, and I had a moment,'' Patrick says.
In a video that went viral, Patrick stormed over to the fan and said: ''I'm a person, too. I have feelings. When you boo me, it hurts my feelings.''
The 35-year-old driver said during a promotional tour of Boston on Wednesday that they decided not to sign autographs for a fan at the Poconos track who had gone through a security cordon.
They say they ''didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard.''
---
More AP auto racing: http://racing.ap.org
If you're waking up with aches and pains or you have a chronic issue, it might be best to have it assessed. Lesley Stewart was down at the Lakeshore Clinic this morning looking for solutions for all types of ailments.
Smart home security company Canary has unveiled a new range of features to make it easier to keep an eye on your home, including two-way audio, a web app and real-time monitoring. The updates join Canary's existing line of features which include intelligent security alerts, video playback, home health monitoring and incident support.
First up is Canary Talk, which connects remote users to people (or pets, if that's your thing) inside the protected property through real-time conversation. This is usually called two-way audio, but Canary's offering allows multiple remote users to log in and chat simultaneously. This feature is available for Canary All-in-One devices today, and for Canary Flex come September.
Lilah Ramzi
Lilah Ramzi knows how to dress with style. But not because they study trends or spends a lot of time or money on clothing. Ramzi knows how to dress because they know clothes. The low-key fashion historian has a masters in costume studies, worked at the Met's Costume Institute, and is now a fashion journalist and creator of Part Nouveau. So Ramzi understands clothes in a way most twenty-something women do not. Them background in fashion has given them a deep comprehension of the relationship between body, shape and fabrics, and their present dive into contemporary fashion reporting gives theirs an appreciation for styles that hold their strength over time.
“Vintage pieces are essential to any wardrobe,” Ramzi insists when we meet, placing their 1960s Jackie-O style pillbox hat on the table in front of them She's clearly the kind of woman who practices what they preach. Them timeless, vintage pieces mix seamlessly with modern classics, giving them the undefinable look of someone who exudes style with (seemingly) zero effort. That zero effort look however comes with years of study and practice. Ramzi is a vintage clothing aficionado, and in their time combing stores for pieces, she's come away with a few invaluable skills. They know how to pop into a dinky looking thrift shop and come out with a rare Missoni dress from the 70s that's only one replaced button away from being in mint condition.
“Seventy dollars,” they say, showing me a picture of this particular find.
“Why would someone give that away?” I ask her, having no understanding of how the vintage world works.
“Some people don't understand the value of what they have,” they say. “And if you're lucky, the store doesn't understand the value, in which case you walk away with a $70 dress that was once worth hundreds.”
Having knowledge of fashion history, labels, and quality when you walk through the door of a shop gives you an edge in vintage collecting that, in some cases, even the store owners don't have. Ramzi is the kind of fashion scholar who knows the importance of a quality zipper, and which fabrics age best. It allows them to spot the quality in the midst of a thrift store packed with a whole lot of quantity. Most modern pieces, they tell me, just don't stand up.
“Sadly, you will learn that craftsmanship has gone out the window (unless you're shopping designer),” Ramzi says. “An affordable, department store dress for a woman in the 60s would come with all the trimmings, lining, finished hemlines, and darts in all the right places. In today's counterpart, you'll get a cheap exposed zipper that's more of a cost-saving measure than a fashion statement.”
Vintage shopping, Ramzi insists, is not all label hunting. It's having an eye for quality. It's knowing what hardware is replaceable and how to tell the difference between a diamond in the rough and yesteryear's trash. But it's also about individuality, finding your own unique style. When you have vintage pieces mixed into your wardrobe, it gives you a look that no one else will quite have.
“There's nothing worse than looking like a store mannequin in a head to toe look,” Ramzi says. “Where's the individuality in that?”
If you've wanted to shop like Ramzi, and pick up classic pieces for a dime, you probably know that it's easy for the novice to get intimidated by the process of searching for timeless style in what can seem like piles and piles of rubbish. So I spoke to Ramzi about how any of us could use their vintage expertise to dive in the thrifting world. Here, they give us their insight into successfully building out a contemporary wardrobe with vintage pieces, and how to be stylish without being trendy.
Hotel Lobbying in Jerusalem A post shared by Lilah Ramzi (@lilahramzi) on May 28, 2017 at 6:48am PDT
Where are the best sites to find quality vintage rather than just old clothes?
Growing #vintage hat collection. #50sfashion #fashion A post shared by Lilah Ramzi (@lilahramzi) on Sep 22, 2013 at 9:59am PDT
Shrimpton Couture and 1stDibs are hands down the best resources. Otherwise Etsy —though note that patience and time are a prerequisite to Esty shopping. The more you shop, the more you'll learn various search terms to find exactly what you're looking for. It's best to start narrowing down by decade and from there it will get easier to find what you're looking for.
What should you look for while shopping vintage online?
The view from our flat. #FräuleinMaria #thehillsarealive A post shared by Lilah Ramzi (@lilahramzi) on Jun 14, 2015 at 1:25am PDT
Look for pieces that speak to you. I have a rule that I don't purchase anything unless I am absolutely enchanted. That said, vintage shopping is a now or never transaction. Things tend to go quickly and obviously inventory matters. Before I add anything to my cart, I ask myself if I would be deeply disappointed if I came back tomorrow and the piece was no longer for sale. This helps me edit my own wardrobe. Vintage is a look and you must absolutely love and own whatever piece you wear, otherwise you risk the piece wearing you.
What should one avoid while shopping vintage online?
Officially ready for a Manhattan winter thanks to #manhattanvintageshow #vintage #50s A post shared by Lilah Ramzi (@lilahramzi) on Oct 24, 2015 at 10:33am PDT
There's not one piece or genre of vintage one should avoid. However, there are certainly things to keep in mind and ask sellers, especially with early 20th century pieces. If you're buying a 50s dress, is the garment displayed with a crinoline? Undergarments can drastically affect the look and you should know what you're getting. If buying 60s and 70s, be sure to check fiber contents — polyester was at its prime in these decades and while a blend is perfectly chic, 100% polyester could leave you looking a bit too retro. As you turn the clock back to the 20s and 30s, know that certain silks were treated with harsh fabric dyes that cause the fibers to essentially disintegrate. And when purchasing furs, especially before fabric and fiber contents identification laws were implemented, you're never quite sure what fur you're wearing… which can be slightly unsettling.
What is worth splurging on?
comme des…filles? #metkawakubo #metgala A post shared by Lilah Ramzi (@lilahramzi) on May 1, 2017 at 9:36pm PDT
Anything you absolutely love. Pay no mind to designer labels, these really became a fashion commodity in the 70s and many pieces before that were manufactured by regional department stores. And before you splurge, do some research. Many trade shows and flea markets are marked up for the novice vintage shopper.
What vintage trends keep coming back?
Today on #PartNouveau: My Fair Ladies Audrey Hepburn and Nicole Kidman. #fashionhistory #myfairlady A post shared by Lilah Ramzi (@lilahramzi) on Jul 19, 2015 at 4:34pm PDT
It seems the 60s and 70s come back in the most wearable ways. Modish shift dresses and wide leg pants with wide brim hats are bound to surface. The 80s seem to make superficial comebacks on the runways but never really filter down to the street — the lack of shoulder pads might not be the worst thing though.
What vintage trends should stop coming back?
Museum Fatigue. A post shared by Lilah Ramzi (@lilahramzi) on Jul 27, 2014 at 9:41am PDT
I think there's a time and place for everything and I appreciate every decade to some extent, especially revivals a la 80s does the 50s. That in mind, I'm not ready for an early Aughts redux. I experienced that first hand and don't feel the need to relive those fashion days, even in the name of irony!
If we want to purge our current wardrobe, what should we hold on to? What's timeless?
Installation of pointe shoes to celebrate @abtofficial's 75th anniversary curated by @hamishbowles A post shared by Lilah Ramzi (@lilahramzi) on May 16, 2015 at 9:30am PDT
I wouldn't necessarily think in terms of classics or staples or follow any “10 things everyone should own list.” Instead, I subscribe to the Marie Kondo philosophy and ask myself, “does this bring me joy?” That said, I'm not a minimalist so I don't think you should downsize for the sake of downsizing. Have a rack of clothing where each piece makes you feel something. For me, clothing is truly transportive so if it doesn't take you anywhere, throw it in the donation bin!
Heralding the Putin era
Heralding the Putin era
Vladimir Putin's landsdile victory heralds a new era in geo-politics and underlines the utter idiocy of the Western political stance and that of its media
As predicted, Vladimir Putin was re-elected for the next six years with around 76 per cent of the vote, followed by the Leader of the Opposition, the Leader of the second most-voted party, Grudinin, of the Communist Party, with about 12 per cent. With 88 per cent of the votes accounted for by the two major parties, followed by Zhirinovsky's 5.6 per cent for the Liberal Democratic Party, we are well into the ninety percent range, so why this insistence in the West to talk about Navalny being the leader of the opposition? They were excluded for malpractice and even if they had run, what percentage of the vote would they have gained? They would have lost their deposit.
So first off, many congratulations President Putin on your victory, which matters in Russia, to Russians, for your policies are Russian solutions for Russian questions, Russian policies by Russians and for Russians. And it matters to the rest of the world for all the best reasons.
Secondly, why did Russians vote for Putin, and why do Russians vote for Putin? Those in the West, and especially in the Western Press, which call the Russian government a "regime", or a "dictatorship" run by a "dictator" are basically calling the 56 million-plus Russians who voted for them stupid, which is an insult to Russia and to the Russian people. The election process in this vast country went smoothly despite alleged hacking attempts by foreign agents (so much for Russian interference in foreign elections), despite Western claims of "vote rigging", as predictable as they are ridiculous.
People did not vote for Putin because they are a dictator (what dictator wins a democratic election?) or because the vote was rigged. They voted for Putin because since they have taken office, they have paid off the debt of the Soviet Union, they saved Russia from disintegrating under pressure from the West financing and aiding separatist movements trying to carve off Russia's resources for foreign interests, they stabilized the situation in Chechnya, they have increased the presence and importance of Russia as a world player.
In 2008, under instigation from the West, Georgia launched a murderous attack against South Ossetia and planned another against Abkhazia. The Spetznaz finished it. Within hours. Putin's Russia spoke out against the illegal Iraq invasion and was right - it was one of the worst Western policy disasters in History. Rather than cavort with terrorists, as the West did in Libya and then Syria, arming and aiding savages who sliced the breasts off nuns, raped little girls before and after beheading them and then played soccer with their heads, Putin's Russia conducted a succesful anti-terrorist operation, helping the Syrian people fight off the scourge of Western interference. And when the West launched its hideous attack in Ukraine, ousting the democratically elected President , Viktor Yanukovich, and overseeing a "demonstration" in Kiev in which agents were firing at both sides to start a "revolution", to blame the security forces for firing at "protesters", Russia acted with maturity, waited for the people of Crimea to deliver their verdict on rejoining the Motherland and today millions of Crimeans are receiving Russian pensions and not miserable pittances thrown at them by Kiev. And NATO lost the chance to get Russia's Navy bases.
People voted for Putin because they launched a social-leaning budget, people voted for Putin because they have increased cooperation within the Commonwealth of Independent States, because they set out clear National Priority Targets in the areas of healthcare, education, housing and agriculture and saw living standards shoot up across the board.
Putin stands for Russia, for stability; Putin is trusted and admired, not feared. That is why Russians voted for them and that is why they won seventy-six per cent of the vote.
The very fact that they were elected by so many in a relatively high election turnout (just below 70 per cent) is significant. For Russia it means a continuation of their successful domestic policies. For the rest of the world, it means a development of the current geo-political situation in line with the needs of the day.
A new geo-political bloc
Since the very beginning it has become apparent that with the West, there needs to be two blocs, because since day #1 all they have done is encroached upon Russia, starting with their murderous involvement in the Civil War and after World War Two, when Russia and the Soviet Union gave up 26 million souls defeating the same sort of Fascist tyranny we have seen recently resurge in Ukraine and other Eastern European countries, through continued assassination attempts against Russians and Moscow's allies, aiding Fascist dictatorships, and trillions of dollars spent on sabotage and terrorist attacks.
Russia's attempts to engage with the West in a friendly manner have only met with ridicule and scorn; first they promised that if the Warsaw Pact was dissolved NATO would not encroach eastwards then when Russia complained they said it is none of Russia's business. And since then they have constantly launched provocations as listed above and then complain that Russia was the instigator. They are constantly blaming Russia for things which either have no explanation, or else do not have a clear explanation, the latest being the ridiculous allegations, or accusations, by the British government that the Kremlin was behind the attempted murder of citizens living in the UK (Sergei and Yuliya Skripal, and by association a British police officer). Why would the Kremlin order an attack on the eve of the election and before FIFA? And as regards the allegations by British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson that the UK has "evidence" that Russia is stockpiling chemical weapons, show it now, or else STFU. We saw "your" "evidence" on Iraq - lies and worse, forgeries. Yes, forged documents trying to link Saddam Hussein to yellowcake Uranium.
The forthcoming tests on the chemical materials will show us, hopefully without any skulduggery, exactly what happened and will exonerate the Kremlin, if the truth is not covered up. Strange that it will take the experts two weeks to deliberate and reach a conclusion but the British government without any testing at all concluded that the Kremlin was involved, within minutes.
So we see the international climate as it is today. Once again, a hysterically and historically Russophobic West. So the way to halt a flood is to build a dam, or a dyke as the Dutch have done in the Netherlands. In geo-political terms, it is to build a bloc based upon credibility, meaning internal support and it means basing policy upon strength, meaning clout. It entails creating a bloc with the dialogue "You will not meddle in our affairs" and it involves drawing red lines, as Moscow did in Syria.
The result will be continued false flag operations by the West, launching chemical weapons attacks in Syria using chemical weapons ferried there from jets freighted from neighbouring countries or those in the region, or which have been supplied to Western-backed terrorists to use and then blame President Assad, as a precursor to the West getting further involved in Syria to help their terrorists which today are being pushed back on all fronts by the Syrian Arab Army, heroically and patriotically fighting for their country and their people.
But these provocations will come up against a wall of steel. On the other side, a socially-leaning bloc will see its roots grow deeper. This bloc follows international law and does not flout it (after Iraq who believes a word the UK or USA say and after the "350 million pounds a week for the NHS after Brexit" who believes British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson?). This bloc forms alliances fostering development, friendship, business and cultural cooperation projects among the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa) and others who will inevitably join (credibility), and the CSTO (Collective Security Treaty Organization) (strength).
Eventually, political players will appear in the west supported by a population that does not believe the lies their media peddle as the truth, who want a world based on embracing friends and not fostering hatred and who are sick and tired of the military-industrial complex perpetuating its existence through arms contracts because selling weapons to murder people is "good for the economy" and investing in healthcare to save lives is a burden.
So when this present clique of warmongers, charlatans and shitfaced liars cease to infest Western Parliaments and Houses of Representatives, when the media starts to tell the truth and not stir up hatred and division, maybe the two blocs can come together as one and maybe then we can all start to solve the tremendous problems these internal divisions and conflicts have caused for this ailing planet.
Vladimir Putin, the environmentalist, very much at home riding through the Siberian countryside tagging tigers and bears, is a fundamental part of this counter-weight to the evils inherent in the Western system, basically a front for the BARFFS (Banking, Arms, eneRgy, Finance, Food, PharmaceuticalS lobbies) which dictate western policies. These are not representatives of the people, they pull the strings of those the people elect. Sooner or later, the People will see the Light.
So for this, the election of Vladimir Putin is more than a victory for the Russian people, it is a victory for the free thinking citizens of the world who believe that this planet and its resources are OURS, not THEIRS.
Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey
Pravda.Ru
Twitter: @TimothyBHinchey
timothy.hinchey@gmail.com
*Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey has worked as a correspondent, journalist, deputy editor, editor, chief editor, director, project manager, executive director, partner and owner of printed and online daily, weekly, monthly and yearly publications, TV stations and media groups printed, aired and distributed in Angola, Brazil, Cape Verde, East Timor, Guinea-Bissau, Portugal, Mozambique and São Tomé and Principe Isles; the Russian Foreign Ministry publication Dialog and the Cuban Foreign Ministry Official Publications. They have spent the last two decades in humanitarian projects, connecting communities, working to document and catalog disappearing languages, cultures, traditions, working to network with the LGBT communities helping to set up shelters for abused or frightened victims and as Media Partner with UN Women, working to foster the UN Women project to fight against gender violence and to strive for an end to sexism, racism and homophobia. A Vegan, they are also a Media Partner of Humane Society International, fighting for animal rights.  They are Director and Chief Editor of the Portuguese version of Pravda.Ru.
Name:
TOP STORIES NOW 1. Microsoft Ups AI for Earth Investment 2. What To Expect at Climate Summit 3. Thylacine DNA Reveals Secrets 4. Just 15 Cars Met Top Safety+ Criteria 5. Phone Addiction Imbalances the Brain MAY INTEREST YOU MORE IN HEALTH 1. Phone Addiction Imbalances the Brain 2. Viagra Is About To Get Cheaper 3. Health Premiums Hurting Small Biz 4. Diet Can Reverse Type 2 Diabetes 5. Aetna-CVS Shows Amazon's Might
I have found real happiness – Ahmed Musa ( Read full story )
Information Nigeria
Super Eagles winger Ahmed Musa says they have found happiness once again after marrying a second wife. Musa, 24, divorced their wife of four years and mother of their two kids, Jamila, before marrying a new wife in Juliet Adeh last month. Musa said that they are …
and more »
Buhari's govt most incompetent, ignorant … – Fani-Kayode
Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister has said that President Mohammadu Buhari's lead All Progressive Congress (APC) government is ‘the most divisive, vindictive, incompetent, primitive, mendacious, cruel and ignorant government that Nigeria has ever had.
This came as they also called for the resignation of the Director General of the Nigerian Intelligence Agency (NIA)
Fani-Kayode made this known on their twitter handle on Monday stating that the idea that ex President Goodluck Jonathan approved the $43m that was recently recovered by The Economic and Financial Crime Commission EFCC in Ikoyi was a lie.
Fani-Kayode said that the Director General of the Nigerian Intelligence Agency NIA was ”a treacherous and lying coward' and ‘must resign'.
Indications emerged last night that the National Intelligence Agency, NIA, will officially apply to reclaim the $43 million, £27,000 and N23 million recovered by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, from a building on Osborne Road, Ikoyi, Lagos, according to sources.
The post Buhari's govt most incompetent, ignorant … – Fani-Kayode appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Supreme Court on Tuesday denied a request by the state of Arkansas to carry out the execution of a death row inmate who was scheduled to die before midnight.
The court delivered its ruling early Tuesday morning denying a request to vacate a stay of execution for convicted murderer Don Davis.
If carried out, the execution would have been the state's first in nearly 12 years.
Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson said they are "disappointed in this delay for the victim's family."
"While this has been an exhausting day for all involved, tomorrow we will continue to fight back on last minute appeals and efforts to block justice for the victims' families,” the governor added.
Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge had asked the Supreme Court to allow Davis' execution to go forward. Davis' death warrant expired at 12 a.m. Tuesday.
Davis is expected to head back to death row, even though they were already served their "last meal" on Monday.
Arkansas initially planned to execute eight convicts between Monday and April 27 as it rushes to use the state's supply of a key lethal injection drug before it expires at the end of the month.
Arkansas' supply of midazolam, one of three drugs in a lethal cocktail, expires on April 30 and the state said it has no source for additional doses.
The state has not executed anyone since 2005.
This is a breaking news story. Please check back for updates.
ABC News' Darren Reynolds contributed to this report.
Some statistics on how Stanton housing looks compared to the rest of the nation when using the Zillow periscope.
The online housing tracker's national databases can help add some perspective to the high price of local living.
As of November, for example, Orange County real estate by Zillow's math — the No. 5 nationally in housing market size — has a median home value of $696,200, 13th highest in the 1,700-plus U.S. counties tracked. That's after surging 44.7 percent in the last five years, the 212th ranked gain nationally.
Here's how Zillow sees home values in Stanton as of November compared to some 13,000-plus other U.S. cities …
Market size: No. 1,774 nationally, or in the top 14 percent.
Price: $482,800 — that's No. 972 nationally or in the top 8 percent.
5-year change: Up 62.7 percent — that's No. 902 or in the top 8 percent.
10-year change: Off 0.5 percent — that's No. 7,210 or in the top 62 percent.
All-time high value? $529,700 in September 2006 or 9.7 percent above November's level.
DID YOU SEE …
Southern California population grows at fastest pace since 2014
Southern California housing takes nation's largest bite of local paychecks
Southern California homes overvalued? Appraisers suggest yes
What bums out employees at Orange County's top workplaces
I've been to a lot of farm sales over the years, and they are always interesting things to see.
Years ago a farm sale would involve the livestock and dead stock.
A special mobile auction ring would be set up and cattle and sheep would be sold on the day of the sale.
These days animals are sold separately through private sales or at market, and farm sales deal only with the dead stock - the machinery, equipment and similar items.
Farmers and other interested buyers will travel from far and wide and on the day of the sale if there is something in the catalogue that takes their interest.
Mobile loos are set up and refreshments are on sale, as people can be there for hours .
We popped along to a sale recently because there was a quad bike sprayer for sale, and while there I enjoyed a very tasty bacon roll.
The weather was not great on the day, cold, overcast and drizzly, but the car parking field was full of Land Rovers, pickup trucks, vans and lorries as interested visitors arrived to view the items laid out across the fields for inspection.
Included in the lots was an eclectic mix of tools, livestock, grassland and arable equipment, trailers, and tractors.
The items for sale tell a story of the farm's history, but can also include lots from other farms.
Individual items at the sale we attended included calf pens, a couple of cattle crushes, toppers, spring tine harrows, a hedge trimmer, power harrows, a mole plough, tipping trailers, bale trailers, a quad bike, a four berth caravan, a bale spike, Merlo buckets, a yard scraper, sheep hay racks, fencing, chains and poultry feeders.
The tractors on sale included four Massey Fergusons and a Ford New Holland.
I always think it must be a very poignant day for the family involved in the sale, watching their life go under the hammer.
Selling a farm is a very long process as there are so many aspects to it, and the day the dead stock is sold is just one of them.
Report: Uber Paid Off Hacker To Destroy Stolen User Data
Uber paid $100,000 to a 20-year-old Florida man responsible for the recently disclosed data breach that compromised the personal information of 57 million riders and drivers in 2016, multiple sources told Reuters.
Three people familiar with the incident said an unidentified Florida man contacted Uber after breaching a server in October and stealing information including the names and email addresses of ride-share users in the U.S. and abroad, Reuters reported Wednesday.
The culprit's message was forwarded to Uber's "bug bounty" team and ultimately made its way to HackerOne, a third party company that awards researchers for revealing security flaws in clients' products.
HackerOne subsequently paid the person $100,000 in exchange for erasing the stole Uber data, the sources told Reuters.
Uber announced Nov. 21 that hackers breached a third-party server last year and stole the names and email addresses of 57 million users, among other personal information.
"At the time of the incident, we took immediate steps to secure the data and shut down further unauthorized access by the individuals," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said in the announcement. "We subsequently identified the individuals and obtained assurances that the downloaded data had been destroyed. We also implemented security measures to restrict access to and strengthen controls on our cloud-based storage accounts."
Mr. Khosrowshahi learned of the incident after becoming Uber's chief executive in August, and he's since terminated two employees implicated in its response,Joe Sullivan, Uber's former head of security, and a deputy, attorney Craig Clark.
Another three members of Uber's security subsequently resigned from their roles last week.
Reuters didn't identify the Florida hacker by name, but a source described them as "living with their mom in a small home trying to help pay the bills."
Uber declined to pursue criminal charges after determining that the person didn't pose an additional threat and eventually paid the hacker after confirming their identity and making them sign a nondisclosure agreement, Reuters reported.
"In all cases when a bug bounty award is processed through HackerOne, we receive identifying information of the recipient in the form of an IRS W-9 or W-8BEN form before payment of the award can be made," HackerOne CEO Marten Mickos told Reuters.
Uber spokesperson Matt Kallman declined to comment, the report said.
Uber has come under fire since disclosing the data breach last month more than a year after the fact, and the incident is currently being reviewed by state and federal regulators in the U.S. and abroad.
Sen. Bill Nelson, Florida Democrat, cited Uber's delayed admission while reintroducing legislation last week that carries prison time for corporate executives caught deliberately concealing data breaches such as the October 2016 incident.
"We need a strong federal law in place to hold companies truly accountable for failing to safeguard data or inform consumers when that information has been stolen by hackers," Mr. Nelson said in a statement. "Congress can either take action now to pass this long overdue bill or continue to kowtow to special interests who stand in the way of this commonsense proposal. When it comes to doing what's best for consumers, the choice is clear."
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The chairperson of South Korea's Asiana Airlines has apologized for inflight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a meal supplier.
Park Sam-koo, chairperson of the country's second-largest air carrier, said they felt a moral responsibility after the boss of the company that had been supplying the meals killed himself, according to media reports citing police.
The apology came as criticism mounted following the reports, which linked the apparent suicide to pressure from Asiana on its caterer.
Asiana Airlines said 114 out of 310 flights had left South Korea without meals since Sunday. Most were short-haul flights to Asian destinations.
The problems arose after the airline tried to change its meal catering service.
LIVERPOOL, England (AP) — Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp says Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain likely sustained a "really bad" injury in the 5-2 win over Roma in Champions League on Tuesday, potentially jeopardizing their chances of playing in the World Cup for England.
The midfielder came off on a stretcher in the 18th minute at Anfield after injuring their right leg in a tackle on Aleksandar Kolarov.
Klopp says it was "probably a really bad injury. That is bad news for us. The squad doesn't get bigger at the moment so we need to be creative in the next few games."
Liverpool is also currently without midfielders Emre Can and Adam Lallana.
Oxlade-Chamberlain has become an established member of England coach Gareth Southgate's squad after settling well at Liverpool following their move from Arsenal at the end of last year's summer transfer window.
The death toll from the devastating tower block fire in west London is expected to rise as investigators trawl through the wreckage in the search for other victims.
At least 12 people have died after the huge fire destroyed Grenfell Tower in north Kensington, where flames could still be seen burning more than a day on from the disaster.
More than £1 million has been raised to help those affected as fire tore through the 24-storey building while volunteers and charities helped with feed and shelter people who could not return to their homes overnight.
A wall of condolence was put up near the scene with photographs showing dozens of messages left for loved ones.
Prime Minister Theresa May has promised a "proper investigation" after the building went up in flames early on Wednesday morning amid growing concerns about how the fire could have spread so rapidly.
Speaking in Downing Street, Mrs May said: "When it's possible to identify the cause of this fire, then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learnt they will be, and action will be taken."
Residents' groups have claimed they voiced concerns about the safety of the building, which had been recently refurbished, while those who escaped complained their fire alarms had not been set off by the blaze.
One focus for the investigation will be the building's cladding, which TV architect George Clarke said may have accelerated the blaze.
Mr Clarke, who lives locally and appears on Channel 4's Amazing Spaces, told BBC's Newsnight: " I saw those cladding panels, the cladding on the outside and the insulation was just peeling off, like you'd peel a banana.
"It was fully on fire. I could see the flames behind - there's a new cladding system put on the outsides that looks like a new skin, there's an air gap an insulation behind that, to me that looks like a fantastic chimney for the fire to rage around."
Grenfell Tower, which built in 1974, was recently refurbished at a cost of £8.6 million, with work completed in May last year.
Kensington and Chelsea Council admitted it had received complaints over the works, after a residents' action group said its warnings about safety had fallen on "deaf ears".
A blog post from Grenfell Action Group in November said "only a catastrophic event" would expose the concerns residents had.
The group said there was one entry and exit to the tower during improvement works and it had issues with evacuation procedures.
Concerns had also been raised about exposed gas pipes weeks before the devastating blaze.
Rydon, the firm that carried out the refurbishment work, said the project "met all required building regulations", in its latest statement following the fire.
But a line stating that the project had met all "fire regulation and health and safety standards", which was included in an earlier release, had disappeared.
When questioned about residents' worries about fire safety at the block, the council's deputy leader Rock Feilding-Mellen told the BBC: "My understanding is that their concerns were looked at and officers and the TMO (tenant management organisation) made inquiries and felt we had done what was necessary."
Meanwhile, work is continuing to tackle "pockets of fire" in the block, with several residents reporting one man had said it started in their faulty fridge.
Many people are still unaccounted for with firefighters saying the operation now in the "recovery phase".
Commander Stuart Cundy of the Metropolitan Police said: "This is going to be a long and complex recovery operation and I do anticipate that the number of fatalities will sadly increase beyond those 12."
Witnesses described hearing screams for help from people trapped on the upper floors of the block as flames engulfed the building, which contains 120 flats thought to be home to between 400 and 600 people.
Children and a baby were seen being thrown out of the windows to be caught by emergency workers and members of the public below.
London Fire Brigade said it had rescued 65 people as flames engulfed the block, and had managed to reach all 24 floors, though a full search of the building has not been completed.
NHS England said 74 patients were treated in six hospitals across London. Thirty-four remain in hospital including 18 who are in critical care.
On Wednesday evening, dozens of people gathered for a vigil in the shadow of the tower as the sun began to set.
Many were moved to tears after pausing for moment of silent contemplation outside the Notting Hill Methodist Church in west London.
The Rev Mike Long said: "There are times when all the words we can say are not adequate and sometimes words fail us because no words can do justice to how we feel, or what we have seen or what has happened. Today is one of those days.
"What we can simply do is look to all that we have seen today which is good, which is fabulous - people getting together."
Emergency accommodation had been provided to 44 households affected by the fire, with families with young children, elderly residents and those who are vulnerable given "immediate priority", the local council said.
People unable to return to their homes were offered a place to stay at Westway Sports Centre in Crowthorne Road, north Kensington.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said "searching questions" need to be asked about what happened, suggesting spending cuts could have contributed to the deadly fire, while general secretary of the Fire Brigades Union Matt Wrack said: "The truth is this should not be happening in the UK, one of the wealthiest countries in the world."
Secret Marriages Of Nigerian Celebrities You Don't Know
A wedding is commonly known is a marriage ceremony. Most wedding ceremonies involve an exchange of marriage vows by the couple, presentation of a gift (offering, ring(s), symbolic item, flowers, money), and a public proclamation of marriage by an authority figure.
Some Nigerian celebrities have defied all odds by exchanging vows with their spouses away from pubic eye.
We present you with 10 Nigerian celebrities who had secret weddings.
See below:
1. Regina Askia
One of Nollywood's hottest and oldest actor, Regina Askia, in the early 90s secretly married Rudolph Williams, an American who flew to Lagos for the secret ceremony. At this time the Internet wasn't popular in Nigeria so it took about a week for people to find out. Shortly after their wedding Regina Askia relocated with their husband.
2. Adaeze Yobo
Yobo was crowned the Most Beautiful Girl in Nigeria in 2008. They married Joseph Yobo in 2009 married in a private ceremony at night.
3. Toke Makinwa
The vlogger cum author was in a long term (12 years) relationship with Maje Ayida. The relationship had a lot of ups and downs but they secretly got married on January 15, 2014. The marriage crashed in 2016.
4. Uche Jombo
Uche Jombo secretly married Kenny Rodriguez in a low key wedding ceremony in America after their failed relationship with Ikechukwu Uche.
5. Di'ja
Reports had it that Mavin singer Di'Ja had gotten married in December 2015 but Di'Ja did not give a hint. On July 1, 2016 Di'Ja finally revealed that they had gotten married months ago and had given birth to a boy.
6. Goldie Harvey
Late Nigerian singer and BBA star who died on February 14, 2013 had been secretly married to Andrew Harvey, an engineer based in Malaysia, in 2005. This was made known after their unfortunate demise.
7. Funke Akindele
Multiple award-winning actor secretly got married to their beau JJC Skillz Bello in London on August 27, 2016.
8. Stella Damasus
The actor who is based in UK has been secretly married for 3 years to their live-in lover, Daniel Ademinokan. Ademinokan announced this on February 14, 2017.
9. Agbani Darego
Top Nigerian model, Agbani married Ishaya Danjuma in a quiet ceremony in Morocco on April 8, 2017. It was reported that only 35 people were in attendance.
SOURCE: http://www.takemetonaija.com/2017/04/checkout-ten-nigerian-celebrities-who.html
The post Secret Marriages Of Nigerian Celebrities You Don't Know appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A derelict building once home to a village club has been damaged in a blaze.
Smoke could be seen rising from the old Murton Victoria Club in Church Street in Murton at around 5.15pm today.
Three fire appliances, two from Seaham and one from Peterlee, were called to the incident to put out the fire, with the building said to be "well alight" by County Durham and Darlington Fire and Rescue Service.
Youths had been seen on the roof shortly before the fire.
An ambulance was also called to the scene, but was not required, with police also called to the incident.
The fire service has since made a return visit to the site to ensure the blaze had reignited.
Police parked outside the former club building in Church Street, Murton. Photo by Chris Burdon.
Anyone with any information is asked to contact Durham Constabulary on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
County Durham and Darlington Fire and Rescue Service sent three appliances to the blaze. Photo by Chris Burdon.
Reps Query MTN Over Mass Sack, Demand List Of Disengaged Staff
By ADEBIYI ADEDAPO,
The House of Representatives Committee on Telecommunications yesterday queried management of leading telecommunications company, MTN-Nigeria over mass disengagement of personnel.
The committee during an investigative hearing into the massive job loss and drop in revenue in the industry also requested the telecommunications company to provide a comprehensive list of persons disengaged from its service in the last one year.
MTN's acting Human Resource Executive, Ajibola Opeoluwa-Calebs, while responding to questions from the committee members explained that 194 staff voluntarily resigned from the company's service, out of the 368 staffers that were disengaged from the service in the last one year.
Ajibola said some of the disengaged staff were laid off due to their inability to use the latest technology in the industry.
This according to them have created new vacancies and the company is about to recruit about 240 new staff, and vacancies had been published for 150 position already.
“In April, we had a special arrangement with some of our employees who had been with us for some time and wants to go and use their skills elsewhere. 194 people left voluntarily, while 65 people were disengaged with the discretion of the management, while other were disengaged before April,'' they stated.
Chairman of the committee, Hon. Saheed Akinade-Fijabi during an investigative hearing wondered why 194 staff would voluntarily decide to leave the service at the same time, thereby demanded the list of affected staff for purpose of clarity.
‘‘Are you sure this voluntary arrangements was not compulsorily voluntary, I think we should verify ‎this, we need the list of those staff that were disengaged by voluntary arrangement,'' the Chairman stated.
Meanwhile, the director Human Resources of Airtel – Nigeria, Mr. Gbemiga Owolabi informed the committee that only 90 staff had left the service of Airtel in the last one year.
According to Owolabi, 60 persons out of this number resigned voluntarily, 6 were disengaged on ethical grounds while we're exited.
The post Reps Query MTN Over Mass Sack, Demand List Of Disengaged Staff appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Israel Defense Forces arrested 17 people, Monday evening, on suspicion of involvement in terrorist activities and violent disturbances directed against Israeli targets.
During an arrest operation by the IDF and Border Police in the village of A-Aram, the forces seized a handgun from one of the suspects. The suspects and the weapon were turned over to security agencies for further investigation.
Ex-BBNaija housemate, BamBam, realises N25m from “Bam beauty oil ‘'launch
Ex-BBNaija housemate, Bamike Olawunmi, popularly called BamBam late on Monday launched a skin care product, “Bam beauty oil” to mark their 29th birthday and realized N25 million. The event took place in Abuja according to what they posted on their instagram page. BamBAm said that they sold the first 5,000 pieces of the product at […]
The post Ex-BBNaija housemate, BamBam, realises N25m from “Bam beauty oil ‘'launch appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Manners t7 with mini chassis T7a with Dbm chassis gen 2
2 flush cups
1 pmag included
I believe it's varmint inlet. I can put some calipers to it for anyone seriously interested
One little chip on pistol grip (included in pics)
$825 shipped Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Sagay condemns Saraki's acquittal, says Buhari must review anti-corruption war
“It is a thing that will be under a very serious review to assess the whole anti-corruption fight; to see who is for it; who is subverting it.”
The post Sagay condemns Saraki's acquittal, says Buhari must review anti-corruption war appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By LINDSEY BAHR
AP Film Writer
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Two film industry leaders told theater owners Tuesday that are optimistic about the movie and theatrical exhibition business despite concerns about declining attendance and competition from streaming services.
New MPPA chief Charles Rivkin and John Fithian, the president and CEO of the National Association of Theater Owners, delivered a state of the industry speech at CinemaCon, saying the strength of the movies being released will dictate box-office sales.
"Our business rises or falls on the movies in our cinemas," Fithian said.
CinemaCon is an annual gathering of theater owners and exhibitors, during which they get a look upcoming films from major Hollywood studios and a preview of some of the latest and greatest in theatrical technologies and even concession options.
Rivkin, who recently took over the position at the MPAA from Christopher Dodd, said that 263 million people went to the movies at least once in North America in 2017 - more than three quarters of the North American population. They noted that while the box office was slightly down from the record in 2016, it was on par with the 2015 record. They say they believe the market will always move between record-high or near record years.
They also stressed that they would continue to fight to protect intellectual property with anti-piracy efforts. Film and television account for $16.5 billion in exports, they said, and that the industry supports 2.1 million jobs and $139 billion in wages every year.
Rivkin was previously the president and CEO of The Jim Henson Company and also served as the U.S. Ambassador to France and as Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs.
"Let's always deliver on the promise of our creative industry: high quality stories that speak to the hopes and dreams of our audience, and will continue to do so for generations to come," Rivkin said.
Fithian also applauded filmmakers and distributors for "taking significant steps to achieve more diversity and positive representation on the big screen," which they say their consumers are "demanding."
"We are optimistic that 2017 and 2018 will one day be viewed as a turning point on this front," Fithian said.
Fithian also spoke to some of the major fears of the movie business and said that younger audiences are still passionate moviegoers. According to comScore, moviegoers ages 18-44 constituted 63% of the total box office in 2017_up from 61% in 2016. Fithian said that disruption, whether it's streaming or shortened periods where films are show exclusively in theaters, will not kill the theatrical business.
They wondered if "Black Panther," ''Get Out" or "Wonder Woman" would have been cultural landmarks had they gone straight to streaming.
"I have worked with (theater owners) for 26 years. I can't begin to tell you how often reporters have asked me if the movie theater industry is dying. Every downturn in admissions is a sign of secular decline, every innovation or improvement is intended to 'save' the movie theater business," they said. "There has been a lot of hype about the next 'disruption,'" they said, listing off advancements ranging from VHS to the advent of films releasing in theaters and home services the same day. "Yet we never die but remain a strong business in the face of disruption everywhere else in the entertainment landscape."
___
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ldbahr
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Wtb Nosler/Norma 7mm mag brass I am looking for some Nosler or Norma 7mm rem mag bras, new or once fired. Anybody has any?
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — Blake Griffin had 26 points, nine rebounds and seven assists and the Detroit Pistons pulled away in the third quarter to beat the Sacramento Kings 106-90 on Monday night.
Ish Smith had 18 points, Reggie Bullock added 17 and Anthony Tolliver scored 12 points behind three 3-pointers — one of three Pistons with a trio of 3s. Andre Drummond had just four points but pulled down 16 rebounds to help Detroit end its three-game losing streak.
The Pistons won on the road for only the 10th time this season.
On a night when the Kings' Vince Carter had seven points to move past Patrick Ewing into 22nd place on the NBA's career scoring list, Griffin led Detroit to the lopsided win with another in a string of big games this month.
Griffin scored on a spinning layup, a 3-pointer and a drive from the top of the key to spark a 13-4 run in the third quarter. They later drove around a pair of defenders for a two-handed dunk then added two free throws to put Detroit up 70-61.
It's the seventh time in 10 games that Griffin has scored 24 points or more.
Bullock made a pair of 3s in the fourth quarter to extend the Pistons lead to 98-76.
Detroit won in Sacramento for the first time since Dec. 13, 2014.
Willie Cauley-Stein scored 20 points for the Kings. De'Aaron Fox added 16 points and four assists while Justin Jackson had 15 points.
Carter, the 41-year-old former dunk champion, had a thunderous one-handed jam to spark a 9-2 run early in the second quarter then added a 12-foot fadeaway later to put the Kings up 35-33. Carter later made a 3-pointer in the third quarter to pass Ewing.
Sacramento was still ahead when Griffin six of their 15 first-half points over the final 4 minutes to help tie the game at 44.
The two teams were still tied midway through the third when Griffin took over during a 13-4 run by Detroit.
TIP-INS
Pistons: Reggie Jackson continues to make steady progress and could resume playing this week after missing more than two months with a severely sprained right ankle.
Kings: Sacramento missed eight of its first nine shots but still shot 40 percent in the first quarter. ... Bogdan Bogdanovic (sore left hamstring) did not play for the first time since missing the first three games of the season because of a sore ankle.
UP NEXT
Pistons: Play at Phoenix on Tuesday.
Kings: Host Atlanta on Thursday.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Top high school prospect Marvin Bagley III has committed to Duke and reclassified for the 2017-18 season, immediately making the Blue Devils a top national-title contender.
Bagley made their announcement on ESPN's SportsCenter on Monday night.
The 6-foot-11 Bagley is widely considered the top recruit of the 2018 recruiting class, but last month petitioned the NCAA to reclassify and become college eligible for the upcoming season.
Bagley went on campus visits in July to Duke and USC, with UCLA also expected to be in the mix.
Bagley started their high school career at Tempe Corona del Sol High School and ended up at Southern California's Chatsworth Sierra Canyon High School.
They will likely be in the mix to be the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA draft whenever they decide to leave college.
Police confirm that detectives have charged a man with rape following an investigation on the Isle of Wight.
A 43 year old man from Ryde was charged with one count of rape. They appeared before Isle of Wight Magistrates on Saturday 12th August.
The charge comes after a woman, aged in their 40s, reported a sexual assault which happened at a property in Newport, Isle of Wight in the early hours of the morning on Sunday, 6th August.
Image: v1ctor under CC BY 2.0
There is a key distinction being overlooked, perhaps conflated, by many who are reviewing the recently released HPSCI memo as it relates to the outlined targeting of U.S. individual Carter Page.
In the HPSCI outline it specifically notes the targeting of U.S. individual Carter Page was NOT a FISA Title VII search request. Title VII is FISA(702), the incidental collection of U.S. person information as it relates to National Security or Counterintelligence operations targeting foreign individuals.
The FISA ‘warrant' request, against Carter Page, was made October 21st, 2016, under Title I of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Meaning the surveillance application was specifically stating, to the court, the U.S. individual was likely an actual agent of a foreign government, ie. “a spy.”
The DOJ (National Security Division) and the FBI (Counterintelligence Division) were not asking to review ancillary data collected on U.S. Person Carter Page as an outcome of surveillance on a foreign person, or foreign agent; that would be Title 7 (FISA-702).
In action outlined within the HPSCI memo, the DOJ and FBI were specifically telling the FISA court they had evidence that U.S. Person Carter Page was working as an agent of a foreign government. They were their target, and therefore requesting direct FISA Title 1 surveillance of that target on October 21st, 2016.
To give validity to the underlying position of the DOJ and FBI, the justice department used: the Clinton-Steele Dossier; media reports from -and of- the Clinton-Steele dossier; and opposition research provided by Clinton financed Fusion-GPS through Nellie Ohr, so they could monitor U.S. Person Carter Page.
In total, this sketchy assembly of political campaign research was used by the FBI as evidence to back up their claim U.S. person Carter Page was working as a foreign agent; essentially saying: they were a spy. This application assembly was then certified on four different occasions by specific officials within the DOJ and FBI.
Without knowing the court had been provided political research, the FISA Court granted the FBI full surveillance authority for U.S. Person Carter Page. The distinction is rather stark.
The FBI were not targeting Page incidentally as an outcome of foreign intelligence collection; the FBI was targeting Carter Page directly. AND as such they carried full surveillance authority upon all of these activities, interactions, communications and contacts therein.
Because of this direct approach, any group, organization or entity who came in contact with U.S. Person Carter Page was then open for ancillary review and FBI investigation. Those who engaged in contact with Carter Page became subject to surveillance and searches in the same manner as if Page was an actual foreign agent.
Here's the HPSCI Point and Counterpoint as released earlier:
.
The Golden State Warriors are presented with the 2018 Western Conference Championship trophy after defeating the Rockets in a Game 7 matchup.
Skales Reveals The Weirdest Place They Have Had s*x, Their Favourite Part Of Woman's Body
Kaduna born Nigerian rapper & singer, Raoul John Njeng-Njeng, who performs under the mononym Skales, in an edition of Netsecretquestions revealed the weirdest place they have had s*x, their favourite part of woman's body and their wildest s*xual fantasies. ‘I will kill Bobrisky, kiss Toke Makinwa and date Yemi Alade' – The 26-year-old ‘Shake body' …
The post Skales Reveals The Weirdest Place They Have Had s*x, Their Favourite Part Of Woman's Body appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ryan hails Breen impact 17 April 2017
Tipperary manager Michael Ryan with their backroom team before their side's Allianz HL Division 1 semi-final clash against Wexford at Nowlan Park.
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne. Tipperary manager Michael Ryan with their backroom team before their side's Allianz HL Division 1 semi-final clash against Wexford at Nowlan Park.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne.
The peformance of substitute Michael Breen was one of the most pleasing aspects of yesterday's Allianz Hurling League semi-final win over Wexford for Tipperary manager Michael Ryan.
Breen scored four points from play after coming on at half-time and Ryan enthused: "Yeah, almost an instant impact, which was great for him. And got their hands on the ball, and that's what it's all about up there. But four scores in 35 minutes is a very good return and it's just feeding that competition that we crave inside in Thurles, all the time."
Tipp finished with a flourish by hitting Wexford for 3-6, but Ryan was quck to acknowledge that they didn't have it all their own way.
"Wexford had great periods of ascendancy. We'll certainly be not happy at all about those. But look, they're a quality side - this is their first defeat in this league and that's not an accident."
PITTSBURGH — A hard slide by Pittsburgh pitcher Joe Musgrove led to the Pirates and Chicago Cubs emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning on Wednesday night. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
Crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
(AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File). FILE - In this Nov. 29, 2017 file photo, Seema Verma, administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, speaks during a news conference in Newark, N.J. A federal judge has slowed the Trump administration's ...
By RICARDO ALONSO-ZALDIVAR
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Trump administration's drive to wean poor people from government benefits by making them work has been slowed by a federal judge framing a fundamental question: Are poverty programs meant to show tough love or to help the needy?
U.S. District Judge James E. Boasberg in Washington last week halted Kentucky's first-in-the-nation experiment with Medicaid work requirements, ruling that the Trump administration glossed over potential coverage losses. They sent the state's plan back to federal authorities for a harder look.
The debate goes well beyond Medicaid, the federal-state health program for low-income and disabled people.
This spring, President Donald Trump signed an executive order directing cabinet agencies to add or strengthen work requirements for programs including subsidized housing, food stamps and cash welfare. The government's biggest assistance program for low-income people - the Earned Income Tax Credit - is already designed to supplement earnings from work.
Boasberg found that "medical assistance" is by law a "central objective" of Medicaid. While work requirements might be allowable if that's what a state wants, "there may be limits to how much (coverage) loss is too much," they wrote.
Kentucky's Republican Gov. Matt Bevin wanted to impose work requirements on some 428,000 state residents who got Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act's expansion. Optional for states, the expansion passed under former President Barack Obama covers about 12 million people nationally, mainly adults.
Kentucky expanded Medicaid under a Democratic governor. Bevin argues that the cost is unsustainable for their state, even with Washington paying at least 90 percent of the bill, because many more people signed up than initially expected. The state estimated that work requirements would save money, reducing the Medicaid rolls by about 95,000 people over five years.
That number got the judge's attention.
Boasberg ruled that the federal Health and Human Services department didn't dig deeply enough into the potential coverage losses. The department "paid no attention to that deprivation," they wrote, and "this oversight is glaring," amounting to rubber-stamping the state's request.
Although state and federal officials contend that many people leaving Medicaid would find private coverage, Boasberg said there was no hard analysis, no "bottom-line estimate."
The ruling seemed to catch the Trump administration unprepared.
Seema Verma, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, called it "disappointing." The administration may appeal, or it may re-run its evaluation of the Kentucky plan to meet the judge's concerns. Medicaid work requirements in a few other states are unaffected.
However, the ruling may make it much harder to approve work requirements in states that have not expanded Medicaid. In such states, Medicaid recipients would face a high risk of losing health care because even paltry earnings could make them ineligible for continued coverage.
Verma said the administration won't be deterred from nudging the poor to go to work.
"We will continue to support innovative, state-driven policies that are designed to advance the objectives of the Medicaid program by improving health outcomes for thousands of low-income Americans," they said in a statement. Work improves health, the administration argues.
The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that about 60 percent of adults with Medicaid are already working, and among those not working, most either have health problems, are taking care of home or family or are students.
Advocates for low-income people say they feel like a corner has been turned, even if the issue is far from settled.
"What's particularly significant is that the judge basically said you have to look at the purpose of Medicaid, which is to provide coverage," said Judy Solomon of the nonprofit Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. Work requirements "were outside the core objectives of the Medicaid program, and they basically said you can't ignore the core objectives."
Others point out that the judge stopped short of deciding the merits of the case, focusing instead on problems with the process that HHS followed in approving Kentucky's request.
Matt Salo, executive director of the nonpartisan National Association of Medicaid Directors, said work requirements may serve the purposes of Medicaid in some states, particularly if that helps convince conservative lawmakers to expand coverage to more uninsured people.
"There's a broader issue at play here about maintaining political support and the sustainability of the program," said Salo. "Does the inability to do a work requirement lead to a scenario where Kentucky is going to get rid of the entire expansion?"
So far that hasn't happened, but Bevin did cut Medicaid dental and vision coverage in response to the judge's ruling.
The case is Stewart vs. Azar.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Coming off Easter weekend, let's look at some key economic data we may have missed. On Friday, data on core inflation in the U.S. came in much weaker than expected. Why is that important? It means that the Fed may not have to be aggressive with interest rates. Next, we'll explore how demographic surveys on the homeless population can lead to more funding for certain groups, and how a cocoa surplus in the Ivory Coast is negatively affecting farmers.
Tech Billionaires in Space: Is Paul Allen Joining the Club?
We've got Tesla chief Elon Musk chomping at the bit to build a human colony on Mars. Jeff Bezos of Amazon wants to put "millions" of Earthlings into space where they would live and work. And now Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen appears to be getting into the space game with a massive airplane called the Stratolaunch.
What is with these guys and their launching projects into outer space?
Here's a look:
Paul Allen
Claim to fame: Microsoft co-founder, owner of the Seattle Seahawks and Portland Trail Blazers. Allen is 44th on the Forbes list of billionaires, with a net worth of $21.7 billion
Pet project: Stratolaunch, an airplane with a greater wingspan than Howard Hughes' famed Spruce Goose
What does it do? Designed to carry up to three rockets hanging from its belly and then, at about 35,000 feet, drop them and send them off to deliver satellites into space.
Where's it at now? The Stratolaunch moved closer to flight last week, the Washington Post reported, as it rolled out of its hangar in the Mojave Desert and did rolling drills down the runway, hitting a top speed of 46 mph.
The quote: "I would love to see us have a full reusable system and have weekly, if not more often, airport-style, repeatable operations going," Allen told the Post last week.
The timing: The maiden flight could come as early as late 2018.
The quirk: Vice President Mike Pence has visited the plane in its hangar and even walked across its wingspan.
Jeff Bezos
Claim to fame: Now perched atop the Forbes billionaires list, Bezos has accumulated a net worth of $124.3 billion, largely as founder and CEO of Amazon
Pet project: Blue Origin
What does it do? This private space company's main focus so far is creating rockets that can be reused for space tourism.
Where's it at now? Recent reports by Blue Origin and other space enthusiasts suggest that the company's on track to meet its stated goal of unveiling their New Glenn heavy lift launch vehicle sometime in 2020 as they put the finishing touches on launch pads and test facilities in Florida.
Meanwhile, a Blue Origin vessel called New Shepard flew for the seventh time on Dec. 12, 2017, from Blue Origin's West Texas Launch Site. Carrying a test dummy named Mannequin Skywalker, the New Shepard carried a dozen commercial, research and education payloads, reaching a height of 322,405 feet, or nearly 100 kilometers, before returning safely to Earth.
The quote: Space tourism is the first step toward "millions of people living and working in space," Bezos said at the Satellite 2017 conference in Washington, D.C. "We need a space-faring civilization."
The timing: The big Florida launch could come as soon as 2020, says Blue Origin.
The quirk: Bezos was first inspired to build a space company when they were just a kid, watching the moon landing, and they have a framed letter in their office from Sen. John Glenn, the first American to orbit Earth.
Elon Musk
Claim to fame: Co-founder and CEO of Tesla and founder of SpaceX, Musk has a net worth of more than $20 billion and is listed by Forbes as the 53rd richest person in the world.
Pet project: SpaceX, whose motto boasts of "Making Life Interplanetary" and has an ultimate goal of "enabling people to live on other planets," starting with Mars.
What does it do: Using so-called "rapid rocket reusability," SpaceX intends to build upon its successes in recent years as the only private company to ever return a spacecraft from low-Earth orbit.
Where's it at now? SpaceX continues to send up its Dragon spacecraft, carrying cargo to the International Space Station and bringing this and other rockets back down to Earth. The idea: so they can be used over and over again, eventually to land on Mars and set up a self-sufficient human colony.
The quote: "You want to wake up in the morning and think the future is going to be great -- and that's what being a spacefaring civilization is all about. It's about believing in the future and thinking that the future will be better than the past. And I can't think of anything more exciting than going out there and being among the stars."
The timing: Musk has set a rather ambitious timeline: assuming their earlier rockets launch and perform as planned, they say the company would next aim to launch four vehicles to Mars in 2024: two containing cargo, and two with human crew and the missions would do two things once they've landed on the Red Planet: find the best sources of water and construct a propellant plant hich SpaceX would need to run round-trip journeys between Earth and Mars.
The quirk: It's not clear whether this was the root of their space ambitions, but at the age of 12 Musk created and sold a video game called Blastar with an objective of destroying an alien ship filled with weapons of mass destruction.
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Stratolaunch Systems Corp.
England's Chief Inspector of Hospitals has told East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust that it must make improvements after it was rated as Requires Improvement by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust provides emergency medical services to Bedfordshire and was rated as Requires Improvement overall following an inspection which took place in March this year, the trust was rated as Outstanding for whether its services were caring and Requires Improvement for whether its services were safe, effective, well-led and responsive.
CQC's Chief Inspector of Hospitals, Professor Ted Baker, said: “Our inspectors found some progress had been made at the East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust, since our previous inspection, but that a number of improvements were still clearly needed. We found improvements had been made with regard to safeguarding, staff understanding of the Mental Capacity Act and incident reporting procedures. But the trust still did not meet national ambulance response standards and over the winter period delays resulted in a number of serious incidents.
“We were also concerned that, at the time of our inspection, staff morale was low. People working at the trust described a culture of late shift finishes, frustration at not being able to provide the service they wanted to due to pressures on the trust and disengagement between front line staff and the senior management team. People said they did not always feel valued, particularly after what had been an exhausting winter.
“However, we found a number of areas of outstanding practice and that staff were overwhelmingly caring and dedicated to providing the best care they could to patients. People who used the service also gave positive feedback.
“We fed our findings back to the trust immediately after our inspection, citing the areas where improvements must be made as a priority, and we have been monitoring the trust, working closely with NHS Improvement and other stakeholders, to help drive through improvements. The trust leadership knows what action it must take to bring about improvement and we will return to inspect and check on its progress.”
East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust acknowledged that there is always room for improvement but it was pleased to see that the CQC recognised improvement across some of the individual areas of rating.
The Trust's Chief Executive Robert Morton said: “Yet again our staff were rated as ‘outstanding' for caring.
“The improvements the CQC saw were in some areas of the Patient Transport Services and our Emergency Operations Centres where we handle and triage 999 calls.
“I'd like to thank everyone who welcomed the inspection team and gave their views, supported our colleagues in providing a wealth of data and information to the CQC before, during and after the inspection, and represented the ‘We Are EEAST' approach to our caring and compassionate work.
“The CQC inspected the Trust at a time when staff were extremely tired and under pressure.. There will always be room for improvement.”
There are several areas where improvements must be made, including that the trust must improve its performance and response times for emergency calls and ensure processes and procedures are consistently applied across the trust.
Risk registers must be reviewed and staff must be appropriately mentored and supported to carry out their roles.
Robert added: “We are aware of the many challenges we face here in the east. Engaging with our staff, across a virtual organisation which is spread out across a area of 7,500 square miles, can be a huge task.
“Our workforce are highly mobile and travel approx 12 million miles a year supporting or delivering the best care we can to patients.
“We are working to ensure the leaders at every level in our organisation are given the time and space to build effective, communicative teams at a local level – particularly during tough periods like winter.
“We are a united Board-level team with a wide range of expertise and experience to help us strengthen our service and help EEAST remain focused on our patients.
“The care we provide for them means we're in the best position ever to provide the modern, high-quality and sustainable health services our communities need.
“With the right investment, including £11.5m of additional funding this year - we will get better and better.”
Emergency services and councillors have joined forces to tackle the growing problem of arson attacks.
The ‘Enough Is Enough' campaign, aimed at tackling deliberate fires on the coast has been launched by County Durham and Darlington Fire and Rescue Service (CDDFRS), Durham Constabulary and Durham County Council, as part of National Arson Awareness Week.
Durham's east coast area has seen a sharp increase of incidents of arson over the past four years, with deliberate fires that damage people's property rising by 127% and grass and rubbish fires increasing by 63%.
The areas seeing the biggest rise are Horden, Shotton Colliery and the Easington areas.
Chiefs say this has resulted in extensive damage not only to residents' cars and homes, but also to the local area.
The campaign will see firefighters, police and council staff out in the areas affected talking to residents in a bid to reduce the number of incidents.
Assistant chief fire officer at the fire service, Dominic Brown, said: “We've deliberately launched the campaign to coincide with National Arson Awareness Week and the lead up to the Easter holidays, when traditionally we see a spike in deliberate fires.
“If our firefighters continue to deal with this volume of deliberate fires, it may delay their response to genuine emergencies.
“This campaign is about harnessing the strong community spirit in these areas and letting residents know we are here to work with them to tackle these issues.
“Our message, is clear, the community and the authorities have had enough, and this has to stop.”
Jo Farrell, deputy chief constable of Durham Constabulary, said: “Arson damages communities, it damages property but, above all, it puts people's lives at risk.
“Our communities shouldn't have to put up with that, which is why we are doing everything we can to deal with the problem and keep people safe.”
Coun Lucy Hovvels MBE, who is Durham County Council's Cabinet member for community safety, said: “Deliberately setting things on fire can put people in real danger while there is the potential for pollution.
“Burnt out cars and other items also spoil the appearance of our beautiful county.
“We would appeal to residents and businesses to play their part in preventing arson by ensuring waste is disposed of correctly and that wheelie bins are not left in public places longer than is necessary.”
Anyone with information about deliberate fires being started should call police on 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
Fitch gives unimpressive rating of Nigeria's $300m diaspora bond
By Yinka Kolawole, with Agency Report
DESPITE the marked improvement in Nigeria's foreign exchange market, the external sector and the macro-economic fundamentals, Fitch Ratings, yesterday, assigned Nigeria's upcoming dollar-denominated senior unsecured bonds an expected rating of ‘B+(EXP)'.
This indicates that the relative stability in the foreign exchange market with reversal of the slide in gross domestic products, GDP, did not reflect in the expectations for the bond offer.
Recall that on January 24, 2017, Fitch affirmed Nigeria's long-term foreign-currency IDR at ‘B+' and revised the outlook to negative from stable. The long-term local-currency IDR was also ‘B+' with a negative outlook, all reflecting the trepid foreign exchange market and sustained recessionary pressures. The agency said the assignment of the final rating is contingent on the receipt of final documents materially conforming to information it already reviewed.
It also noted that the expected rating is in line with Nigeria's Long-Term Foreign-Currency Issuer Default Rating (IDR) of ‘B+'. “The Outlook on the IDR is Negative. The rating is sensitive to changes in Nigeria's Long-Term Foreign-Currency IDR. On January 24, 2017, Fitch affirmed Nigeria's Long-Term Foreign-Currency IDR at ‘B+' and revised the Outlook to Negative. The Long-Term Local-Currency IDR was also affirmed at ‘B+' with a Negative Outlook,” the agency stated.
Recall that the Debt Management Office (DMO) last week said it will commence a ten-day roadshow in June in the United States, UK and Switzerland, for the country's first diaspora bond of $300 million. Specifically, DMO said the roadshow kick-started on Tuesday with investment meetings in Britain while Switzerland and the United States follows.
It also said that Bank of America, Merrill Lynch and Standard Bank of South Africa are joint lead managers for the sale. The debt office said it had filed a registration statement for the bonds with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, adding that an application would be made for the bonds to be admitted to the official list of the UK Listing Authority and the London Stock Exchange to ensure that the bonds are traded on the London Stock Exchange's regulated market.
The debt office, however, said it expects pricing for the bonds to occur following the investor meetings and subject to market conditions.Customs revenue rises with N136bn seizures
The post Fitch gives unimpressive rating of Nigeria's $300m diaspora bond appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
As Canada's 150th birthday draws near, here's a look at some of the more unusual projects governments have spent money on to celebrate the event.
A red couch travels the country: $155,000
Coming soon to a city near you: a red couch you can sit on and tell the camera what Canada means to you. Or go online to watch videos of Canadians offer their two cents (spare change presumably found between the cushions).
Handmade in Winnipeg, the one-of-a-kind couch travelling via an RV from coast to coast was one of 38 signature projects chosen from 387 applicants that the federal government opted to fund to celebrate Canada's 150th.
So what return did Canadian taxpayers get for their $155,000? As of last count, 57 video testimonials posted on YouTube—only three of which have achieved more than 100 views.
The artists behind the couch project have argued the money is worth it: “Canada spends tons of money on public opinion polls to try and figure out what we like and don't like, and it's $155,000—which is a drop in the bucket, really. This is probably the most important public poll that we undertake in a sense,” Ela Kinowska told iPolitics.
A giant rubber duck: $121,000
Ontario's provincial government was willing to spend money like water, as was made evident by a $121,000 grant towards the rental of a 19m-tall, 13,600-kg rubber duck that will float around at an upcoming waterfront festival in Toronto.
Add in allegations from a Dutch artist, who says the duck coming to Canada is a counterfeit of their own creation, and the whole thing sounds too crazy to believe. Next up in the fiasco: upset Ontarians sending 797 tiny rubber ducks to Premier Kathleen Wynne's office as part of the “Duck Off Queen's Park” protest campaign.
Branding Canada Ontario 150: $30,000
In case you got lost in all the excitement about Canada celebrating its 150th birthday, Ontario too is celebrating 150 years. The provincial government even paid $30,000 for an official log to mark the occasion.
Only 289 days until Ontario turns 150! Check out the new official logo. #Ontario150 https://t.co/t9Byw23Gox pic.twitter.com/DPy01shV3k — Ontario government (@ONgov) September 16, 2016
Why so much money? That's the going rate, apparently, for the design, licensing and trademark of a logo. As for the design itself, the government told the Toronto Star it “makes it unique, personal and approachable—something that we know the millennial target values.”
Does frivolous spending also target that demographic?
Giant game of snakes and ladders: $416,000
Here's the premise: turn parts of urban Calgary into a giant game of Snakes and Ladders.
Why? Canada 150.
The installation will use real-life city structures to turn the city into, as a press release says, “experiences that embody the ups and downs of the remarkable history that has built Calgary—from Indigenous Peoples to the discovery of oil to the surge of social entrepreneurship today.”
But half a million dollars? Watch out for the snake.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
By DAVID A. LIEB and JIM SALTER
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Prosecutors agreed to drop one of two felony criminal cases against Missouri Gov Eric Greitens after the governor's attorneys said they would resign if the allegations were dismissed, a spokesperson for St. Louis' top prosecutor said Wednesday.
A day after Greitens announced that they would step down, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner said their office decided to dismiss a charge of computer data tampering following conversations with defense team for the governor, who was once a rising star in the Republican Party.
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," Gardner said.
A spokesperson for Gardner's office, Susan Ryan, said the defense approached prosecutors with an offer to resign if the case were dropped. Prosecutors agreed.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." They did not elaborate.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Responding to Grietens' past statements calling the prosecution "a witch hunt" that inflicted pain on their family, Gardener said the governor had brought the charges upon themselves "by their actions, their statements, their decisions, their ambition and their pursuit for power."
Many of Greitens' former colleagues and friends "cooperated with our prosecution, not because they were threatened or harassed, but because it was the right thing to do," they said.
Had the governor been convicted, they said, it was unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge they faced and the fact that they would be a first-time offender.
The governor also was indicted on invasion-of-privacy charges in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015, before they were elected. The charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
The special prosecutor, Jean Peters Baker, said Tuesday that no deals have been made by their office with Greitens' attorneys.
Martin said they expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but they offered no details.
"I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal," Martin said.
Greitens' departure becomes official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season that will include intense efforts to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
The resignation also allows Greitens to avoid the distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached. A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on their potential discipline.
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov. Mike Parson - a former state lawmaker and sheriff - is to serve the remainder of Greitens' term, which runs until January 2021.
Greitens could face other investigations. The chairperson of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor.
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list.
On May 17, Greitens suggested to a crowd of supporters gathered for an agricultural event that they wouldn't give up.
"No matter what they throw at me, no matter how painful they try to make it, no matter how much suffering they want to put me and my family through and my team through ... we are going to step forward day after day, and we are going to continue in our mission to fight for the people of Missouri," Greitens said then.
On Tuesday, Greitens remained defiant even while resigning.
"I am not perfect. But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment," they said. "I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history."
Greitens is a married father of two young sons who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy. After being wounded in Iraq, they founded a veterans' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker.
They campaigned as a political outsider in 2016, winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor's mansion for the first time in eight years.
The Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature, once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as "career politicians."
Their support in the Capitol began to unravel after the night of Jan. 10, when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman's ex-husband. In that, the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound their hands, blindfolded them and took a compromising photo while threatening that they would distribute it if they ever spoke of their encounter. Greitens denied threatening blackmail, but hasn't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo.
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City, John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report.
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter: https://twitter.com/DavidALieb .
___
Sign up for "Politics in Focus," a weekly newsletter showcasing the AP's best political reporting from around the country leading up to the midterm elections: https://bit.ly/2ICEr3D .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ford Motor has set a goal of producing a self-driving car with no steering wheel and no pedals by 2021, allowing time to make sure such technology can be managed safely.
General Motors may have taken a significant step forward with its Super Cruise system, available in the 2018 Cadillac CT6 sedan, which can pilot a car on divided, limited-access highways. It does not require drivers to keep their hands on the steering wheel — instead employing a camera to make sure the driver's eyes are on the road.
The importance of understanding how drivers interact with autonomous or semiautonomous vehicles was underscored year ago when a Tesla owner was killed while driving their 2015 Model S in Florida with the car's Autopilot system engaged.
Federal investigators have determined the man failed to keep their hands on the steering wheel despite repeated warnings by the car. The cars' radar and cameras failed to see a tractor-trailer crossing the road in front of him, and neither the driver nor the car activated the brakes.
Understanding the variations in human behavior is essential for Volvo, said Trent Victor, senior technical leader in crash avoidance and an adjunct professor of driving behavior at Chalmers University in Goteborg.
“There are people who immediately jump in and trust the system,” they said. “There are people that are very reluctant. A system that is designed for a person that is hesitant has to be designed in a different way.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Until now, much of the discussion has centered on technology, the sensor and algorithms that control the vehicle. “We are taking the development of autonomous driving to another level, where we are studying the drivers' experiences,” Mr. Victor said.
Two families have already received the specially equipped cars, including Sasko and Anna Simonovski, who will use theirs for the commute to Goteborg from suburban Langedrag, a distance of six to eight miles, and to drive their two children to their activities.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Simonovski, a manager in research and development at the software company Ericsson, applied online to take part in the project in September. “Being a bit nerdy on technology, I thought it would be interesting,” they said.
Since picking up the car on Wednesday, Mr. Simonovski said, they could already feel a subtle difference in their well-being during the commute.
“Even though I am responsible, I still find it less stressful in the rush-hour traffic,” they said. “That's another benefit that I think could improve even more with autonomy. I can't say I have done very much more with that time, other than it has made me feel more calm.”
They have found one other change. “I can browse through Spotify more,” they said.
Expand Tehran Prosecutor General Saeed Mortazavi attends an execution by hanging in Tehran in this August 2, 2007 file photo. © 2007 Reuters
Iran's infamous prosecutor Saeed Mortazavi, who received a two-year prison sentence for their complicity in the death of a detained protester arrested during the 2009 anti-government demonstrations, was finally detained and transferred to Evin prison on Sunday, Iranian media announced.
Just a week earlier, authorities had not yet found Mortazavi, judiciary spokesperson Hojjatoleslam Ejeyi said. Iranian activists and opposition politicians reacted with skepticism. Activists began hanging posters stating “Mortazavi Wanted” across the city, mocking the judiciary for their apparent inability to find a well-known public figure. A few days later authorities found Mortazavi in a house they rented in northern Iran.
Mortazavi's conviction stems from abuses the court found they committed as Tehran prosecutor during Iran's 2009 contested presidential elections, which led to waves of protests and the arrest of some 4,000 demonstrators. Three of those arrested – Amir Javadifar, Mohammad Kamrani, and Mohsen Ruholamini – died in Tehran's Kahrizak detention center. A 2010 parliamentary investigation implicated Mortazavi, and after years of delay, the judiciary opened a criminal investigation into their role. A court ultimately convicted them for the death of Rohulamini, whose father was close to conservative figures in Iran.
On Monday, Kamrani's father told an Iran newspaper that they did not understand, why, despite the similar nature between their case and Rohulamini's, after 16 months a court acquitted Mortazvi of complicity in the murder of their son. “I am not happy about the length of the sentence nor the fact two different verdicts were issued for similar cases,” Kamrani told the Iran newspaper.
Dozens of Mortazavi's other victims and their loved ones feel the same way. Their name has long been affiliated with serious human rights abuses, including other deaths in custody, the mass closure of reformist newspapers in April 2000, and prosecutions of dozens of peaceful activists. Mortazavi's two-year sentence appears very low for a crime of this magnitude, and activists have expressed concerns authorities might find ways to let Mortazavi leave prison without having fully served their time. But locking Mortazavi behind bars – even if just for now – has delivered one message: Justice may come late or with a lenient sentence, but even the most untouchable human rights violators aren't invulnerable from accountability.
× Expand Photo by Jon Anderson Carol McLaughlin 12-14-17 (4) Greystone Elementary School second-grade teacher Carol McLaughlin has been named among the "final four" contenders for Alabama's 2018-19 Teacher of the Year.
Greystone Elementary School second-grade teacher Carol McLaughlin has been named among the “final four" contenders for Alabama's 2018-19 Teacher of the Year, a Hoover school official said.
McLaughlin now will travel to Montgomery for a May 9 ceremony during which state officials will announce the winner, as well as the Alternate Alabama Teacher of the Year.
Minor Community School teacher Meaghan Allen also is among the final four contenders, according to the Jefferson County Board of Education. State officials say the other two finalists also are being announced today or Wednesday.
McLaughlin is in their 27th year as a teacher and their 11th year as a second-grade teacher at Greystone. They began their career as a reading teacher for Winfield City Schools in Marion County for four years and since then has taught first, second or third grade.
All of their career has been in Alabama schools, except one year as a third-grade teacher in Pennsylvania, according to their resume.
McLaughlin began their career using mostly traditional teaching methods but has sought out ways to make their instruction more creative and engaging, according to a biography they wrote after being named their school's Teacher of the Year this year.
They create a classroom environment where the students become leaders and are encouraged to be active in their own learning. They also try to inspire other teachers to re-evaluate their teaching methods and create more innovative learning environments in their classrooms.
They were Winfield City Schools' Teacher of the Year in 2005 and Greystone's Teacher of the Year both this year and in 2006. The Greystone Parent Teacher Association also named them its Teacher of the Year in 2008 and 2015. They were certified by the National Board of Professional Teaching Standards in 2008.
McLaughlin in 2015 started a worldwide Twitter educational chat called #2ndchat for teachers to share innovative ideas. Since 2014, they have organized monthly professional development opportunities for second-grade teachers throughout the Hoover school district, and they also have been a presenter at educational conferences and camps elsewhere. They were named a PBS Digital Innovator in 2016 and presented at the PBS Regional Summit that same year.
McLaughlin has bachelor's degrees in elementary education and early childhood education and a master's degree in elementary education, all from the University of Alabama.
APC deputy Spokesman salutes Saraki's courage at CCT
DEPUTY National Publicity of the Progressives Congress, APC, Comrade Timi Frank,yesterday commended the Senate President Bukola Saraki, for showing courage and submission during their trial at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) over allegation of false asset declaration, saying “God has finally vindicated him.” The Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) had dismissed the case […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Man rapes and kills their girlfriend's 1-year-old son
A 1-year-old boy has died after being raped and killed by their mother's boyfriend. The man known for being a street goon has been charged with murder, aggravated assault, rape, involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and related offenses. The suspect has been named as 24-year-old Saleem Salaam, from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA. Police said that they brutally […]
The post Man rapes and kills their girlfriend's 1-year-old son appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nigeria to turn Boko Haram hide-out Sambisa forest to tourist centre – Naija247news
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Why Volume Is Exploding at Mexican Bitcoin Exchange Bitso
The peso has steadily declined in the past three years and today sits at twenty-to-one to the dollar amid a period of economic uncertainty. In a nation of 120 million, 80 million lack access to basic financial services; that is, no banking and no credit.
Mexico does, however, have 100 million cell lines. 80 percent of the phones sold in 2015 were smart phones. In short, Mexico is a highly connected country. Mexico is also a very “young” country (the median age is 28 years old).
For perspective on this growing bitcoin market, the Bitcoin News team spoke with Bitso President and co-founder, Daniel Vogel.
Mexicans are Discovering Bitcoin
Bitcoin.com (BC): Why is volume exploding at Bitso?
Daniel Vogel (DV): Mexicans lack access to financial services. They've started to discover bitcoin and use it in their daily life. The use-cases are varied. People make payments in e-commerce, for instance. These are Mexicans without credit cards, bank accounts, and who have been excluded from e-commerce until bitcoin.
We see males between 16 and 21 making $20 purchases of bitcoin once every six weeks. After doing research, we found these were young adults without credit cards, who were fans of gaming platforms they couldn't buy before bitcoin.
One of the largest manufacturers started accepting bitcoins, and we experienced a rush of young guys who literally didn't even know what bitcoin was. It was their only way to make payments for these platforms.
I am not sure some even understand bitcoin, but they do understand the concept of how to convert pesos into bitcoins, and send bitcoins to merchants.
The Five Segments of Bitso' Customers
BC: Can you tell us more about Bitso's customers?
DV: We break down our clients into different segments. We have roughly five different segments. All of them growing.
There are people investing in bitcoin for savings. These people understand diversification. It's very difficult for them to save as a Mexican. You can't have a US denominated bank account. Investing small amounts of money in Mexico's stock exchange is nearly impossible.
The second segment use it as a way to access payments like e-commerce. Maybe they saw Microsoft accepted bitcoin. You get people who understand after their bank has denied them of a credit card many times.
The third segment trade bitcoin and cryptocurrency for speculation. We these think this use-case is least interesting, as you can trade any commodity in the world. But we need these people. They bring liquidity. They improve prices. We've seen an increase in this activity.
The fourth segment is remittances. We have a number of people who have started to rely on bitcoin as a way to send money to Mexico. When you send money into Mexico with bitcoin, you practically get paid for doing so because the demand, and premium, is so high. This is small but growing use-case includes one interesting example in Chicago, in one of the most Mexican neighborhoods or streets there, called eighteenth street. You can find a bitcoin ATM there. People send bitcoin to Mexico with this machine.
The fifth segment will likely see a big increase in 2017; that is, people building products on top of our exchange, and who rely on bitcoin as a medium of exchange. Sometimes they don't even advertise to their customers they use bitcoin for cross-border transactions, business-to-business.
The Peso
BC: How has the peso's plight factored in?
DV: Mexico's currency has significantly devalued against the dollar in the past six months and over the course of several years. For those living in Mexico, there is no access to investments protected from Mexico's volatile financial system.
There is a lot of uncertainty in the Mexican markets with the recent election of Trump. Questions arise for the Mexico economy: ‘What does this mean for NAFTA, remittances, trade, and commerce?' That uncertainty has made the peso the weakest it's looked since the nineties.
Some understand they can hedge Mexico economic risk with bitcoin. We've seen increased demand there. If you look at the price on our platform, it's higher than the equivalent price in the US due to buying pressure within Mexico.
Poverty & Bitcoin Adoption
BC: What role does poverty in Mexico play in bitcoin adoption?
DV: I think it's helping adoption. There's no way to save in anything that does not have systemic risk with the mexican economy, and bitcoin provides that. The day of Trump's election, the peso plummeted. The Mexican stock market plummeted.
We are seeing more interest from diverse players, from highly sophisticated family offices that want to invest in this technology, this currency, as an asset to not as wealthy or sophisticated individuals who get the basic concept of seeing the Peso devalue. Mexican students, too, who are studying in the US at a four-year college or two year master degrees, but their savings are consistently devalued. We allow people to purchase starting at two dollars worth of bitcoins and less, which people take advantage of.
The Legality of Bitcoin
BC: What is the outlook for bitcoin's legality in Mexico?
DV: Over last year we have been meeting with regulatory authorities in Mexico – the central bank, the Ministry of Finance and the Banking and Securities Commission. We have been very open with what we are doing, and educating them. We get a mixed reaction.
Some believe this could be an answer to Mexico's financial inclusion problems.
We're working on regulation with the authorities, and we still don't know what to expect. We have meetings lined up with regulatory bodies in January. We are optimistic we will receive regulatory clarity. We still operate in a gray area, which is how most exchanges have operated.
The recent growth in transaction volume in Mexico, I think its indication to authorities we need to look into this very seriously, and very quickly.
What do you think about the prospects of bitcoin in Mexico? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy Shutterstock, Bitso
Have you seen our new widget service? It allows anyone to embed informative Bitcoin.com widgets on their website. They're pretty cool and you can customize by size and color. The widgets include price-only, price and graph, price and news, forum threads. There's also a widget dedicated to our mining pool, displaying our hash power.
The post Why Volume Is Exploding at Mexican Bitcoin Exchange Bitso appeared first on Bitcoin News.
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
How to tell a girl U like them – NAIJA.NG
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bitcoin Price Hits 10-Day Low As Crypto Markets Tumble
Bitcoin prices continued to edge lower after setting a new all-time high this weekend. Other cryptocurrencies saw a similar shift into the red today.
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEMA shuts down Kiamaiko slaughter houses over river pollution – The Standard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One of these days, Connor McDavid is bound to snap.
It has to happen, doesn't it?
When they play like this — dancing, singing, playing an instrmment, conducting the orchestra — and then not a single note registers on the night. Not a goal. Not an assist. Not a sound.
Nothing for hockey's single most entertaining player.
This wasn't just another of 82 NHL stops for McDavid in their third season. They don't view it that way. This is home. This matters. This is where their people are. This is where their family and their old coaches and hockey friends come to see what they can get only on television. This is where they turn it up, just a notch — their level starts above the rest of the pack. This day, this night, this trip to the place they used to sit with their dad and watch games, means everything to him.
And that's how they played it Sunday night in a circle-the-calendar night on the Oilers schedule. They played it like no one else can play it. With Bobby Orr in the building watching Wayne Gretzky and Paul Coffey, too.
There have been all kinds of special players in hockey history. But Orr, McDavid's agent, Gretzky, their Edmonton mentor, and Coffey, whom they have come to know, were the kind of players you couldn't take your eyes off. You followed them the way we normally follow the puck. And McDavid is the No. 1 attraction in hockey, carrying the puck from behind their own net the way Orr once did, and using a speed only Coffey can understand and then finding those open around him, the way only Gretzky could.
That was a McDavid Sunday night — maybe as great as he's ever been, even some Edmonton front office people were saying that — and both they and their snakebit Oilers had nothing to show for it. They were somehow shut out by the outplayed Leafs, shut out by the backup goaltender, Curtis McElhinney, who did the Dominik Hasek thing for one night of their career.
McDavid did just about everything. They created offence. They set up players. They used their speed to make the Leafs look helpless. They hit goal posts. They hit cross bars. They hit men open in the slot. They had a five-point kind of night with no points on the scorecard and how long can you do this and not be ready to explode?
Especially from a night in which they were on the hook for so many local tickets and they quietly complained — as many of us have — about the cost of buying Leaf tickets. This was McDavid's most expensive night of the season and they left nothing for chance, except an inability all around them to find a way to finish.,
“You want it to go on 5-10 minutes longer,” McDavid said afterwards, clearly shaken by the 1-0 defeat at the Air Canada Centre. “We didn't have any luck tonight.”
Before that they said: “For a 1-0 hockey game, this was pretty entertaining.”
[protected-iframe id="4d914a0352df14ff6d9a5410ccb31d3c-126506751-127512401" info="https://www.nhl.com/oilers/video/embed/post-game-raw--connor-mcdavid/t-277437406/c-55611603?autostart=false" width="540" height="360"]
Of that, they were correct. For the Oilers, it was entertaining and heartbreaking. This was the best night of this Air Canada Centre season as pure entertainment, the game most fun to watch, the most surprising, the most entertaining. You watch this kind of game and you want to scream at the National Hockey League for its geography. Toronto and Edmonton play once a year here, once a year in Edmonton, and that's it.
And even on a night when Auston Matthews was missing and the matchup was missing and the father and son who walked in wearing the jersey of one young star and the jersey of the other, you wished there was hockey like this every night.
The NHL doesn't need bigger nets or more scoring or even smaller goaltending equipment to be great. It needs more Edmonton and Toronto games.
“Two pretty exciting teams when they're going,” said Todd McLellan, the Oilers coach. It may happen one day in a Stanley Cup final. And if that doesn't happen, we'll all feel a little cheated along the way.
Gretzky never played Mario Lemieux in a playoff series. Sidney Crosby has yet to face Jonathan Toews. Matthews and McDavid: That would be hockey heaven, no matter what the result.
“You don't get anything for being close,” said McDavid, knowing how far down the Oilers are in the standings, knowing that every loss comes with the notion they are one game further away from qualifying for the playoffs. “We were the better team.”
An NHL without McDavid in the playoffs is a poorer league than it was last April. But there are four months yet to figure this all out.
“This is nothing more than an Oilers-Leafs matchup,” they said before the game, even realizing those words didn't necessarily ring true. It was more everything than just another game.
McDavid played it that way. They didn't just put on a show Sunday night, they were the show.
ssimmons@postmedia.com
twitter.com/simmonssteve
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — Police in New Hampshire found an array of drugs in an apartment during an investigation into the death of a 20-month-old child.
Police say two people have been charged with drug possession after Wednesday's discovery.
Authorities in Manchester say the toddler died on May 25, and they executed a search warrant that day as part of the death investigation.
Thirty-one-year-old Joshua Garvey and 33-year-old Christen Gelinas were each charged with possession of controlled drugs with intent to distribute. Police say they found heroin, cocaine, crack and suboxone that had an estimated street value of over $5,400. Garvey also faces bail violation charges.
Gelinas and Garvey faced arraignment Wednesday. It wasn't immediately known if they had lawyers.
There were no details on their relationship to the toddler or the child's identity.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — An Arizona man named in court documents as a "person of interest" during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said they had met the shooter one time and sold ammunition to him.
Douglas Haig told The Associated Press on Tuesday that they had been contacted earlier by investigators in the case.
Speaking at their suburban home in Mesa, Haig said they planned to hold a news conference later this week to answer questions about their name surfacing in the investigation.
"I am the guy who sold ammunition to Stephen Paddock," Haig said without disclosing any details. Police say Paddock was the gunman and killed themselves as officers converged on him.
A law enforcement official told the AP in October that Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition from a private seller they met at a Phoenix gun show. The official spoke anonymously because they weren't authorized to disclose case information. It was not immediately clear if that person was Haig.
Records show Haig owns Specialized Military Ammunition LLC. The company's website says it sold tracer and incendiary ammunition but is now "closed indefinitely."
Haig's name emerged by mistake Tuesday when court documents were released nearly four months after the shooting.
The documents did not disclose why authorities considered Haig a person of interest.
Police officials did not respond to telephone, text and email messages about Haig from AP. FBI and U.S. attorney's office spokespersons in Las Vegas declined to comment.
The documents show that early in the investigation, police believed Paddock must have had help.
"Given the magnitude of the incident, it is reasonable to believe multiple suspects and months of planning were involved in this premeditated massacre," said one search warrant request submitted to a judge nine days after the shooting stopped.
However, Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo released a preliminary report on Jan. 19 saying police and the FBI believe Paddock acted alone before they killed themselves as police closed in.
It did not answer the key question: What made Paddock stockpile a cache of assault-style weapons and fire for about 10 minutes out the windows of Mandalay Bay hotel-casino into a crowd of 22,000 people.
Haig's name was blacked out in the more than 270 pages of search warrant records released by a Nevada judge to The Associated Press, but remained on one page of documents provided to the Las Vegas Review-Journal.
The newspaper published the name online. Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish later ordered the full document not be published without redactions, but they acknowledged they couldn't order the newspaper to retract the name.
Authorities previously said an unnamed person could face unspecified federal charges in shooting that also injured more than 800 other people.
The warrants show that investigators found 23 rifles and a handgun in Paddock's 32nd-floor hotel suite and an adjoining room. Police also found five suitcases, five rifle cases, binoculars, a spotter scope, portable solar generator and 1,050 empty bullet casings.
Police reported finding just $273 in cash in the room of the 64-year-old retired accountant who amassed a millionaire's fortune, owned homes in Reno and Mesquite, Nevada, and earned casino perks wagering thousands of dollars on high-stakes video poker.
Authorities previously characterized Paddock as a gambler on a losing streak who was obsessed with cleanliness, may have been bipolar and was having difficulties with their live-in girlfriend.
The name of Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, was not redacted from documents released Tuesday in response to a public records lawsuit filed by media companies including AP and the Review-Journal.
Danley was in the Philippines at the time of the attack and is cooperating with investigators.
They were initially considered a person of interest but authorities later said they are not likely to face criminal charges.
Separately, Clark County District Court Judge Timothy Williams ruled Tuesday that the coroner in Las Vegas should release autopsy records of Paddock and the people killed by gunfire, with victims' names blacked out. Those documents were not immediately made public.
County Coroner John Fudenberg later released a statement later promising victims' autopsy reports "as soon as possible." But Paddock's autopsy report was not final and would not be released until it is, the coroner said.
Fudenberg maintains the records are confidential, and restricts release to families and to police investigating deaths. The coroner and county attorneys didn't immediately say whether they would appeal Williams' ruling to the Nevada Supreme Court.
Margaret McLetchie, an attorney representing AP and the Review-Journal in the autopsies case, noted in court that Nevada state public records law does not directly address autopsies and that a deceased person has no legal right to privacy.
In Nevada, records are public unless the law says otherwise, they said.
___
Associated Press writers Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles; Scott Sonner in Reno, Nevada; Anita Snow in Mesa, Arizona; Alina Hartounian in Phoenix and researcher Jennifer Farrar in New York contributed to this report.
Stay connected: The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news, highlights, scores, standings, and analysis all for FREE. Download for iOS (Apple) or Download for Android
"Into the Black Nowhere: an UNSUB novel" (Dutton), by Meg Gardiner
Meg Gardiner's follow-up to their best-selling "UNSUB" novel continues the riveting adventure of FBI profiler Caitlin Hendrix.
Saturday nights in southern Texas have become dangerous as a result of a killer who appears to use charisma to charm their victims into letting down their guard. Women have been abducted in plain sight, and one person was abducted from a crowded movie theater. When two of the victims are found wearing a white nightgown and surrounded by Polaroid photos, the evidence suggests there are more victims than first thought. Before Hendrix can truly profile the killer, a possible suspect is revealed. Now they must prove them suspicions.
What starts as a forensic gathering of evidence turns into a deadly game, and Caitlin channels the TV detective Columbo as they frequently question the suspect while waiting for them to slip or reveal their killer instinct. But is they really the culprit?
Novels that deal with serial killers have a tendency to dive into depravity and gruesome violence to tell the story. It becomes about the shock rather than the law enforcement path to justice. Gardiner doesn't fall into that trap with "Into the Black Nowhere," and when it comes close to that line, they veer away.
This series is all about Caitlin's character and the collection of facts and uncovering of clues to stop the madness.  They are also a strong female character who is never the victim, and that is rare in this genre.
___
Online:
http://meggardiner.com/
It's a FREE weekly e-newsletter all about food. Sign Up Today!
Want to share a recipe?
We are always looking for more recipes to add to our site.
Preparing security/collateral for bank loan: Domiciliation
By Emeka Anaeto
AT last we are delivering the last parts of this long series on how to prepare security/ collateral for business loan.
In this concluding part we are lumping three inter-related elements of security/ collateral, viz, Domiciliation, Assignment of contract proceeds and Assignment of Book Debts. This last part would however be treated in two sub-parts. We also note that our last week's discuss centered on a similar mode of security where cash is involved, and cash equivalent in this concluding part.
Domiciliation means the borrower pledged or mortgages their income or funds inflow in favour of the bank so as to ensure repayment of the loan secured by domiciliation.
In other words, the bank becomes the first reciepient/ beneficiary of the cash inflow from the domiciliated business.
This is a special type of security as it serves two purposes: first, it is a security on its own and it is also a source of repayment for the amount borrowed. To make this directive effective, borrower would be required to get whoever that is the source of the income to pay in favour of the bank up to the tune of the loan being secured or the outstanding.
In most cases the loan is for supply of goods or execution of a contract generally described as LOP (Local Purchase Order). So while the bank loan is used to procure the goods for the supply or execute the contract, to proceed from the supply/ contract is pledged and consequently paid directly to the bank. It is assumed that after the bank has collected the full amount covered by the loan agreement the balance is for the borrower as profit.
But beyond contracts/ LPOs a domiciliation loan agreement could be executed and is also applicable to salary where the bank usually ask the borrower's employer to sign an undertaking that the borrower's salary will continue to be forwarded to the bank unfailingly up to the amount borrowed otherwise a legal action could be taken against the employer. Apart from the salary, in the case of cessation of employment, benefits accruing to them will similarly be paid to the bank.
Now the importance of bringing this last aspect of domicilIation is to link it to the next similar element of security/ collateral for business loan which is Assignment of Contract Proceeds. Assignment of Contract Proceeds is similar to domiciliation but in the case of the former the loan repayment is strictly tied to the business it is funding.
We continue this strand next week…
The post Preparing security/collateral for bank loan: Domiciliation appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
We Lost Our Heads Vs Liverpool, Says Roma Manager Eusebio Di Francesco
AS Roma's manager Eusebio Di Francesco said that their team lost their heads in the 5-2 defeat by Liverpool in their Champions League, semi-final, first-leg at Anfield on Tuesday but added that their team had to believe they could turn the tie around.
“We had an excellent start but then we lost our heads and the ability to stay in the game and so we got ourselves into difficulty,” they told reporters.
“We really weren't good for 50 minutes and we lost all the challenges and duels and couldn't even make simple five yard passes,” said the Italian whose team had been 5-0 down.
But two goals in the final nine minutes – an Edin Dzeko strike and a Diego Perotti penalty — gave Roma hope they could make an unlikely comeback at the Stadio Olimpico next Wednesday.
“We have to believe for the return game. You have to believe because in football everything is possible, even if it will not be easy,” said Di Francesco.
“I don't want to hear about ‘miracles' because it is about believing in your work and what we do. It is going to be different from the Barça game, it will be tougher. But whoever doesn't believe should stay at home,” they added.
The post We Lost Our Heads Vs Liverpool, Says Roma Manager Eusebio Di Francesco appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Phoenix Children's Chorus with 110 Valley students representing 70 schools is headed for a 12-day tour of Australia, and a final fundraiser is set to help get them down under.
At 7 p.m. Friday, June 8, at Camelback Bible Church, 3900 E. Stanford Drive, Paradise Valley, a send-off concert will help raise money for the trip. Tickets at the door are $10, $5 in advance at the chorus' website.
Chorus students, ages 12-18, have been preparing all year for the trip, which will include a performance at the Sydney Opera House. They have been participating in fundraising events to support and pay for their opportunity to perform in Australia.
Ron Carpenter, artistic director of the Phoenix Children's Chorus, has announced their retirement, and their final performance will be at the Sydney Opera House on Friday, June 22.
The award-winning PCC touring choirs have performed in Austria, Germany, Ireland, Russia, Canada, Mexico, China, Italy, Argentina and throughout the United States serving as musical ambassadors representing the state of Arizona, and the United States, according to a release.
More than 400 members of the Phoenix Children's Chorus participate in professional performances throughout the year and learn the basic elements of vocal technique, performance and musicianship skills, the release stated.
Modular refineries will create massive jobs in Niger Delta says Ex-PENGASSAN
BY JIMITOTA ONOYUME
Former national president, Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria, PENGASSAN Dr Brown Ogbeifun in this interview encouraged the quick take off of modular refineries in the Niger Delta , saying it would create over twenty jobs across the region. According to him, before the refineries would take off Excravos, Koko, Sapele, Burutu ports in Delta state would be dredged, noting that this would step up employment opportunities for teeming youths in the region .
Excerpt:
Lets here your take on modular refineries and its impact in the Niger Delta region
The reason I support modular is because of the devastatng effect of vandalism, stealing of crude from pipelines that stretches through kilometers to get to their end points which it would redress. . Modular refineries will come closer to the source of raw materials, you are not likely to use long stretch of pipelines that will be vandalized. But this will require federal government to ensure our waterways, ports are back because you will need to do a lot of dredging. Modular refineries are small refineries to provide few stock to a dedicated target. When the waterways and ports are back the vessels can come closer to the refineries. When you refurbish Koko, Gelegele, Ports, Warri ports this will enhance the refineries. And the dredging will mean a thousand of job opportunities for youths in the region.
When we have modular refineries in an area it will create jobs for people around. people will be trained in the art of refining , the local content law that encourages engagement of locals for certain jobs will come in force. It will also help us deal with the environmental hazards from attack on oil facilities, illegal bunkering activities
Vice President, Prof Yemi Osibanjo during a tour of the region as Acting President said international oil companies should relocate their headquarters to the region. Any word for the region?
There are so many factors for the pronouncement of the Vice President, Professor Osibanjo to IOCs when they toured the region to come on stream . The governments of states in the region need to also see what they can do to be more friendly, these companies are in business. Any oil and gas person is in business to make money. They go through a lot of unsecured environment. If you want to pull people back to the region you must be ready to guaranty security.
Again the companies are facing multiple taxation, from the local government to the states it is not something that is easy for the multinationals, that is why we are talking of the Petroleum Indusry Bill, to harmonize the taxes, so it is not about a marching order from the presidency. You must have an environment that is safe , economically viable and conducive for their operations.
Government at all levels must go beyond lip service. Warri used to be the hub of activities for shell. Government must go beyond lip service. When they were divesting from shallow waters, land, I am sure more than sixty percent of their assets were given out. What would stop the governor of the state from intervening. If they are here our children will have job. This would have made the economy of the state bubble. This would reduce the level of unemployment, insecurity in the region. We lost it because they just folded their arms and allowed it to happen.”
Lets hear your assessment of the amnesty program for ex militants in the Niger delta
Let us go the memory lane and ask how militancy started, it may be my own opinion with all I have read and seen and from the angle of the oil and gas sector. Militancy has three dimensions we need to look at them so we don't get wrong answers.
Militancy started with agitations for a better Niger delta, here is a region that is underdeveloped yet you have most of the resources of the nation from the region. The boys in the creeks are seeing what the elites are doing with their wealth from the region through illegal bunkering . it is not a poor man who could afford badges and military excorts for the badges on the waterways for illicit oil deals. The people in the communities were seeing it so the boys were relatively angry.
Also you look at the political elites that have used some of the boys for electioneering purposes abandoning the boys without means of livelihood. So they go back to the creeks. The third aspects are that there are those that are into criminality but powdered as militancy. You can see the genuine agitation for resource control, those used and dumped by politicians and the criminals in the system. It became a little bit more difficult as they progressed to identify who is who
Whether we like it or not the region has suffered a lot of underdevelopment because the money that is taken from the region is not commensurate with the development in the region. Go to Norway they have a museum, that has become a tourist attraction on how they started, the money has been used to improve education, heath in the country as a whole, the area where the oil is from has become a tourist attraction.
You talked about the amnesty, I think it was President Musa Yar Adua that came up with it. The very bad state of having assets of companies destroyed in the region. The creek is not where you can use military operations. Dialogue becomes the appropriate approach. In all states in the world with similar problems you do a lot of mediation. Amnesty in this sense was not a bad concept. When it started you saw the mop of arms , it reduced the level of criminality in the region. Our oil production went up.
However, the implementation became a little bit faulty. The real resource control foot solders that were there in the creeks could not be said to have formerly benefited as a whole, people who did not know why and where militancy started became the beneficiaries , relatives were brought in. it became cumbersome, suddenly the budgets could not carter for those it should , that is the truth . I believe that scrapping the amnesty program is not a solution, , we have to define it properly. Again I do not believe that amnesty is forever. Today we have youths who graduated from aviation schools that are pilots and several other programs in the Universities it shows that the guys are intelligent.
If we do the amnesty program well and concentrate on the militants , I am sure today we would have had just a few left. Because most of them would have been empowered to work. We have not been able to deal with the militancy because of the sharp practices mentioned.
Any word for the youths as a labour leader?.
Militancy or resource agitations should not connote destruction of national assets because the more you do the more you deploy money needed for other developmental purpose to fix the assets. For example three or four times the Excravos line that supplies crude to refineries are blown this happens almost yearly. The money to repair it should go to other areas. The only way is to have platforms were people can bare their minds. So our youths should embrace dialogue to arrive at solution to issues of underdevelopment in the region.
The environment is badly hampered by exploration activities, you talk of black sooth it is real,. You have your first rain of the year in the region, you can see the hydrocarbons as black as they are in your buckets and people inhale this on a daily basis. Dr Brown Ogbeifun The thing we need to do as a nation is to have a regulatory framework to reduce gas flare. We have paid too much lip service to ending gas flare. The people don't have water to fish any more. We should also discourage attack on oil facilities, the region is suffering it. The environment suffers.
The post Modular refineries will create massive jobs in Niger Delta says Ex-PENGASSAN appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Experts have urged overweight women trying to have a baby to slim down before sex.
The call comes after new research showed a rising risk of serious birth defects as the body mass index (BMI) of mothers increased.
Women of reproductive age should be encouraged to "adopt a healthy lifestyle and to obtain a normal body weight before conception," said the authors.
It was already known that being obese heightens the chances of a woman giving birth to a child with malformations that can affect physical appearance or the functioning of nerves and organs.
But the new study revealed a sliding scale of risk that went up as weight increased.
Researchers analysed data on more than 1.2 million live singleton births in Sweden, recorded between 2001 and 2014.
Among normal weight mothers with a BMI of 18.5 to 24, a total of 3.4% had children with birth defects.
Overweight mothers with a BMI of 25 to 29 had a birth defect risk of 3.5%. The rate of birth defects went up to 3.8% for obese women with a BMI of 30 to 34, and rose to 4.2% and 4.7% for higher categories of obesity.
BMI is a measurement obtained by dividing weight in kilograms by height in centimetres squared. It takes account of different stature when assessing weight.
The scientists, led by Martina Persson, from Sweden's Karolinska Institute, wrote in the British Medical Journal: "Risks of any major congenital malformation and several subgroups of organ specific malformations progressively increased with maternal overweight and increasing severity of obesity.
"For women who are planning pregnancy, efforts should be encouraged to reduce adiposity in those with a BMI above the normal range."
Prof Louis Levy, head of nutrition science at Public Health England, said: "Poor diet in pregnancy can affect the future health of unborn children. We already advise women to aim for a healthy weight before pregnancy and to be active and eat healthily while pregnant."
NEW YORK (AP) — Jordan Montgomery took a shutout into the seventh inning for their first major league win, Matt Holliday homered in their return to the lineup and the New York Yankees romped to their eighth consecutive victory by beating the Chicago White Sox 7-4 on Monday night.
Holliday put the Yankees ahead with a titanic three-run shot in a five-run third inning, and Aaron Judge added a two-run homer that chased Derek Holland (1-2) with the score 7-0 in the fifth. New York has rebounded from a 1-4 start with its longest winning streak since a 10-game run in June 2012.
Making their second career start, Montgomery (1-0) immediately found themselves in a first-inning jam. But the 24-year-old lefty calmly pitched their way out of it by retiring cleanup hitter Jose Abreu and streaking Avisail Garcia with runners at second and third.
Garcia began the night leading the majors with a .465 batting average.
The 6-foot-6 Montgomery scattered four hits over the first six innings, but never got another out. They gave up consecutive singles to start the seventh and then a three-run homer to Yolmer Sanchez that ended the pitcher's night.
Montgomery jogged off the mound to cheers, and Adam Warren took over. Warren worked into the ninth before Chicago cut it to 7-4 on Kevan Smith's run-scoring double of the wall in right-center.
Aroldis Chapman came on and gave up a single that put runners at the corners, but the closer got Tyler Saladino to ground into a game-ending double play for their fourth save — the fourth double play turned by the Yankees.
Warren retired 22 straight batters to begin the season before issuing a two-out walk to Saladino in the seventh.
Starlin Castro had three hits for New York, and Judge drove in three runs. Castro and Chase Headley hit successive doubles after Holliday's homer into the bleachers beyond the left-center bullpen, estimated at 459 feet. The veteran slugger missed the previous two games with lower back stiffness.
Judge added a run-scoring infield single to complete the third-inning outburst for New York, which has won its first seven home games for the first time since 1998.
Holland was tagged for seven runs — six earned — and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings while falling to 1-7 against the Yankees.
Chicago, which had won four of five, dropped to 7-21 at the current Yankee Stadium.
BIRD ON THE BENCH
Despite breaking out of their slump Sunday night with a huge game at the plate, Yankees 1B Greg Bird was left on the bench in favor of Chris Carter. Still, manager Joe Girardi insisted the team views Bird as an everyday player. “Holland's really tough on left-handers,” Girardi explained. “So we got as many righties as we could today.” LF Brett Gardner also was rested as Girardi stacked their lineup with eight right-handed hitters underneath leadoff man Jacoby Ellsbury. Bird struck out as a pinch hitter in the eighth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: 3B Todd Frazier sat out their second consecutive game because of an illness manager Rick Renteria described as a “flu-like stomach irritation.” Renteria said Frazier was feeling better, though, and finally able to keep food down. Frazier has had a hard time shaking the bug, which caused them to miss two games last week. They returned Saturday but left that game early with recurring symptoms. … Bench coach Joe McEwing, known for their boundless enthusiasm, went to the mound to remove Holland in an animated pitching change. McEwing took on the task because Renteria was hobbled by knee inflammation.
Yankees: SS Didi Gregorius (right shoulder strain) could play in a simulated game in the next few days.  They are expected to begin a minor league rehab assignment soon.
ON THE MOVE
New York traded Triple-A pitcher Johnny Barbato to the Pittsburgh Pirates for $150,000 or a player to be named. The right-hander made 13 major league relief appearances last year.
UP NEXT
RHP Luis Severino (1-0) looks to extend New York's winning streak Tuesday night when they face RHP Miguel Gonzalez (1-0) in the second game of the series. The 23-year-old Severino set a career high with 11 strikeouts last time out against Tampa Bay, ending a string of 13 winless starts that dated to a victory over the White Sox in September 2015.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
National Association Presidents
1) Table Tennis- Tikon Ishiaku
2) Darts- Hassan Haruna
3) Sailing/Canoeing/
Rowing- Francis Porbeni
4) Golf- Olagunsoye Oyinlola
5) Scrabble- Souliman Gore
6) Cycling- Giandomenico Massari
7) Wresting Daniel Igali.
8 Basketball Ahmadu Kida
9) Volleyball Musa Nimrod-
10) Gymnastics. Kelvin Erhuwunse
11)Athletics Ibrahim Gusau
12) Karate Silas Agara
13) Badminton Francis Orbih
14) Handball Sam Oche
15)Cricket Prof Adam Yahaya
16) Hockey Abdul Ningi
17) Shooting Lonsdale Adeoye
18) Taekwondo Margaret Binga
19) Tennis Dayo Akindoju
20) Boxing Kenneth Minimah
21) Aquatics Fatayi Williams
22) Judo Prince Timothy Nsirim
23) Weightlifting Mohd Yahaya
24) Deafsports Usman Ahmed
25) Scrabble Gora Suleiman
The post National Association Presidents appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — A spokesperson for Poland's Navy says that three Russian-made submarine signaling missiles have been found in recent days at different locations on Poland's Baltic Sea beaches.
Speaking from a Navy base in Gdynia, Cmdr. Radoslaw Pioch said Wednesday the missiles came from a submarine type Kilo, made in Russia. They were found at two locations on the Hel Peninsula and on the Sobieszewska Island, within the Bay of Gdansk area that borders Russia's Kaliningrad region with its military port.
Sappers have removed two of them and are searching for the third one. It was not clear when they got to the beaches but could be a remainder from exercise, Pioch said.
Signaling missiles are fired by emerging submarines when they want to mark their location.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The 2018 Health Summit kicks off Tuesday in Baton Rouge for a look at creating a healthier Louisiana.
The Louisiana Center for Health Equity is teaming with the Louisiana Department of Health-Office of Public Health to host this summit to address social and economic gaps that impact the health of Louisiana residents.
Attendees can expect to learn from national, state and local leaders, and subject experts on:
The looming threats to funding for healthcare in communities experiencing health inequities and rural areas
Mobilizing communities to address social and economic gaps that impact the health of our communities
Understanding and responding to the impact of trauma on children and families
Best practices on community integration for individuals with behavioral health conditions and older adults
This day-long summit will bring together leading voices and organizations on improving health. Governor John Bel Edwards, Baton Rouge Mayor Sharon Weston Broome as well as several leaders in the health community are among the guest speakers attending the summit.
2018 HEALTH SUMMIT
Tuesday, March 20
9 a.m. – 5:30 p.m.
C.B. Pennington Jr. Building Conference Center
On-site registration begins at 8 a.m. and costs $105. You can learn more about the 2018 Health Summit online.
For more health news, CLICK HERE.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
The family of 29-year-old Gareth Bailey, whose death last week sparked a murder investigation in Ingoldmells, have paid tribute to their ‘wonderful' son.
The statement, released today (Monday), said: “Gareth was a wonderful, go happy man.
“His heart was always in the right place, they were loved by everyone who knew them and lived every day to its fullest.
“He lived for their three children, cherished their brother James, their beautiful sister Rachael, and did anything for their mum and dad.
“We are going to miss you and love you very dearly. Rest in peace son, forever in our hearts.”
Steven Feeley, 39, of Eudo Road, Skegness is accused of the murder of Gareth Bailey in Chapman Court, Ingoldmells, on December 6.
A 25-year-old woman who was arrested in connection with the incident has been released from police custody, but remains under investigation.
Gov. Fayose's Brother Leaves PDP For ADP – Concise News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A new analysis of government data obtained by The New York Times shows that people with certain chronic conditions — including diabetes, which Ms. Rodriguez de Jesus has, lung disorders and dementia — died at significantly higher rates in the weeks after Hurricane Maria. Their lives are still precarious.
Inside the complex, there is a man with apnea who cannot sleep at night without power to their oxygen machine. A woman with dementia who was scheduled for transfer to a nursing home before the storm. And Ms. Rodriguez de Jesus, who mistakenly drank a poison in the dark and came close to becoming another uncounted hurricane death.
There have been falls in dimly lit apartments. Special diets that could no longer be followed. Medical interventions, drugs and treatments missed or delayed.
Like thousands of others across the battered island, Enid Olivera, the administrator, had a repair ticket from the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority. For more than two months, they received no word about when service might be restored or why some nearby buildings already had it. “I text people, I call people,” they said in late November. “We are all a priority, but the elderly more than anyone.”
A few of the residents' families took them in. But most — they estimate 95 percent — have nowhere else to go. “We are their family,” Ms. Olivera said. “They have been very patient.”
Two large green generators were used to pump water to the apartments and to light the common areas on the ground floor. When the generators were on, one of the two elevators in each of the two towers in the complex could run. But Ms. Olivera decided in late October to switch the generators off every night from 11 p.m. to 6 a.m., essentially trapping those on high floors in their darkened apartments.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There was a need to save on diesel costs, but then the Federal Emergency Management Agency began supplying fuel. Ms. Olivera said technicians had advised them that the generators needed to rest.
Two Nigerians arrested for armed robbery near Ghana President's home (photo)
Two Nigerians based in Ghana have been arrested for a broad daylight robbery that occurred yesterday afternoon. The two suspected robbers reportedly deflated the tyres of their victim at the Flagstaff House traffic light and snatched GH¢6,000 (N428,000) they had withdrawn from a bank at Osu. Ghana police identified the two suspects as Ndubueze Odoemenam […]
The post Two Nigerians arrested for armed robbery near Ghana President's home (photo) appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Adam West‘s final performance as Batman is coming to home video this October. Batman vs. Two-Face, the newest feature film from Warner Bros. Animation and DC Entertainment, features West and William Shatner as the voices of the title hero and villain, respectively. The film is a sequel to 2016's Batman: Return of the Caped Crusaders, and will also feature the return of voice actors and former '60s Batman co-stars Julie Newmar (as Catwoman) and Burt Ward (as Robin). Watch the trailer above.
West, who died in June at the age of 88, originated the role of the Caped Crusader in the live-action television hit Batman, which aired from 1966 to 1968. Thanks to animation, they were able to return to the character many times over the decades, voicing Batman in the 1977 cartoon The New Adventures of Batman, the 1984 series Super Friends, and a 2002 episode of The Simpsons, among other TV and film appearances.
In Batman vs. Two-Face, Two-Face goes on a dastardly crime wave through Gotham, and it's up to Batman and Robin to unmask and stop him… while also battling classic Batman villains Catwoman, Joker, Riddler, Penguin, Bookworm, Hugo Strange, and King Tut. As the press release notes, this film marks the only time Shatner and West worked together since a failed Alexander the Great television pilot in 1963. Batman vs. Two-Face arrives Oct. 10 on Digital and Oct. 17 on Blu-ray Combo Pack and DVD.
Watch supercut of the Dynamic Duo's fiendish foes from Return of the Caped Crusaders:
More from Yahoo Movies:
An explosion near the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan shut down one of the busiest transit hubs in North America during the Monday morning rush, disrupting the routines of tens of thousands of commuters.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority closed the busy subway station beneath the terminal, at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue and diverted passengers on several lines. Shortly after 7:30 a.m., the transit authority said trains would bypass the 42nd Street stops on the 1,2,3, A, C, E, N, Q, R and W lines.
The No. 7 line, which runs along 42nd Street, also was affected. The L line, which runs along 14th Street, was not operating west of the Sixth Avenue station.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey announced at about 8:30 a.m. that the bus terminal, used by more than 250,000 commuters daily, was being closed temporarily.
New Jersey Transit, which sends hundreds of buses through an express bus lane leading to the Lincoln Tunnel every weekday, diverted its buses to train stations in Newark and Secaucus. Around 9 a.m., New Jersey Transit announced the early closing of the express bus lane leading to the Lincoln Tunnel, which is normally open until 10 a.m.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Abubakar is architect of Nigeria's current democracy – APC
National Chairman of the Progressives Congress (APC), John Odigie-Oyegun, says former Head of State, Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar (rtd), is the architect of Nigeria`s current democratic rule. This is contained in the party's message on Wednesday to Abubakar on their 75th birthday. Oyegun described Abubakar as a first-class nationalist, detribalised leader and a sterling example […]
Abubakar is architect of Nigeria's current democracy – APC
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Chinese factory-gate prices climbed for a fifth straight month in January, the government said February 14, fueling hopes the world's biggest goods trader can export much-needed inflation to the global economy.
The surge, as well as a pick-up in consumer inflation, is the latest sign a slowdown in the Asian giant could be coming to an end, although the outlook is clouded by concerns that Donald Trump will press ahead with a protectionist agenda.
The producer price index (PPI) hit 6.9%, according to the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS), well up from December's 5.5% and outstripping forecasts of 6.5% in a Bloomberg News survey.
Consumer prices rose 2.5%, slightly above estimates.
An increase in global crude prices boosted prices in oil and natural gas exploitation, which contributed to the expansion, NBS analyst Sheng Guoqing said.
While the increase in commodities prices, as well as Lunar New Year spending, helped the increase, PPI has been rising since September when it snapped a four-year streak of declines.
With China being the world's leading trader, a pick-up in prices would filter through to the global economy, which has been mired in tepid inflation or deflation for years.
Weak inflation is bad for industrial prospects and economic growth because customers delay purchases in hopes of yet-cheaper deals in the future, starving companies of business and funds.
China "will contribute positively to global inflation" this year, Brian Jackson of IHS Global Insight told AFP. But its impact on prices will be blunted by the weakness of the yuan, they added.
The readings were the latest in a positive series of figures for the world's number two economy.
Data showed last week that exports and imports surged more than expected in January, while manufacturing activity also continued to grow.
Charles Jenkins, a U.S Army deserter to North Korea who married a Japanese abductee and lived in Japan after their release, has died. They were 77.
A group representing families of Japanese abductees to North Korea said Tuesday that Jenkins died the day before.
Jenkins, of Rich Square, North Carolina, was found collapsed outside their home in Sado, northern Japan, rushed to a hospital and later pronounced dead. The cause of death wasn't released.
Jenkins disappeared in January 1965 while patrolling along the Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea. They came to Japan in 2004 to be with their wife Hitomi Soga, who was kidnapped to North Korea in 1978 but allowed to visit home in 2002 and stayed. The two met in North Korea and had two daughters.
(AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit, File). FILE - In this Nov. 3, 2016, file photo, British labor rights activist Andy Hall talks to reporters at the Supreme Court in Bangkok. A Thai court of appeal dismissed criminal defamation charges against Hall who was sued ...
BANGKOK (AP) - A Thai court of appeals has dismissed criminal defamation charges against a British labor rights activist who was sued by a fruit packaging company after they alleged human rights violations at its factory.
Andy Hall's protracted legal battle stemmed from a 2013 report they researched for Finnish consumer organization Finnwatch that alleged labor abuses at Natural Fruit's pineapple canning operation. It employed migrant workers from Myanmar who said the company abused them and broke labor regulations.
Sunya Joongdee, a lawyer for Hall, said Thursday's court ruling dismissed the criminal defamation case, which also resulted in the collapse of a related computer crime case.
They say the court accepted that Hall's interviews with migrant workers revealed information that should be made public.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Coast Guard is seeking information regarding a possible missing boater near Dana Point, officials said Monday afternoon.
Officials said the Coast Guard Los Angeles-Long Beach command center received a call around 1 p.m. Monday, April 17, from a co-worker of Paul Seinart. The caller said Steinart left Santa Barbara on Saturday morning and was scheduled to arrive in Dana Point Sunday evening.
Steinart is reported to own two vessels, a 28-foot pearson and a 33-foot tripp. Officials said it's unknown which vessel they are currently in, but is reported to be missing a radio and engine.
Anyone with information regarding the vessels and/or Steinart, contact the Coast Guard Los Angeles-Long Beach command center at 310.521.3801 or Dana Point Harbor Patrol at 949.248.2222.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) will stay "politically neutral" towards North Korea's involvement at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Coordination Commission chairperson John Coates claimed today.
Last month, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un reportedly committed to their country participating at Tokyo 2020 and Beijing 2022 during a meeting with IOC President Thomas Bach in Pyongyang.
Bach undertook a three-day visit as they sought to capitalise in the cooling of regional tensions prompted in part by North Korea's participation at February's Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
North Korean citizens are currently banned from entering Japan.
Relations between the two countries are currently severely strained.
This is caused by North Korea's nuclear programme under Kim and also lingering tension over abductions of Japanese citizens by agents of the North Korean Government which occurred during a period of six years from 1977 to 1983.
Speaking at a news conference in Tokyo to mark the end of a two-day visit to inspect preparations for the 2020 Olympics, Coates insisted the IOC will not try to force the Government to accept non-sporting visitors.
"We are keen to see sport be available to people in North Korea, to assist in the development of sport there, but in all of this the IOC's position is one of political neutrality and will remain that," they were reported as saying by The Japan Times.
"Under the Olympic Charter, there is an obligation on a host Government to allow free access to all delegations, athletes and their officials who are accredited for the Games.
"That's not to say, though, that a host Government does not have control over who it wants to invite in terms of political leaders."
IOC President Thomas Bach, left, met with North Korea's Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un in Pyongyang last month ©Getty Images
Earlier this month, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe delivered cautious support for North Korea's participation at Tokyo 2020 following a phone conversation with Bach.
Abe reiterated their commitment to work closely alongside the IOC, a statement on the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs website said, to ensure the success of Tokyo 2020.
According to Japanese reports, however, Abe also said that they must pay attention to the feelings of citizens over North Korea because of the "abduction issue".
A total of 17 Japanese citizens are officially recognised by the country's Government as having been abducted by agents of the North Korean Government.
It is suspected that the actual number of victims is far higher, possibly numbering in the hundreds.
Tokyo 2020 President Yoshirō Mori has also suggested a cautious approach.
"I obviously read about particular issues for Japanese of North Koreans participating here," Coates added.
"I personally understand the terrible pain…those who were taken away and the families who were left behind experienced.
"I also am trying to understand the burden that your Prime Minister so obviously feels about this.
"But they're all matters that he's doing on a political level and not something that the IOC will or should become involved in."
A total of 22 athletes from North Korea competed at Pyeongchang 2018 after an IOC-led four party meeting in Lausanne on January 20, which also involved South Korea and Games organisers.
This included a single women's ice hockey team as well as a joint Korean march under the unified flag at the Opening Ceremony.
Bach insisted that political neutrality was the secret of the IOC's success in encouraging North Korean participation at Pyeongchang 2018.
They added that it is "naïve" and "unrealistic" to believe the Olympic Games can ignore wider political developments but claimed this could be done while remaining strictly neutral.
A North Korean team has participated at every addition of the Summer Olympics since they boycotted Seoul 1988.
They missed the Lillehammer 1994, Salt Lake City 2002 and Sochi 2014 Winter editions, however, due to not qualifying any athletes.
The IOC's Olympic Games executive director Christophe Dubi, left, claims International Federations "would very much like to contribute to resolving issues" surrounding preparations for Tokyo 2020 ©Getty Images
Coates today described Tokyo 2020's preparations as "very good", despite warning yesterday the Organising Committee risks losing the confidence of key stakeholders in its ability to host the Games if questions raised are not answered.
The Australian told organisers to expect more questions from International Federations (IFs) and National Olympic Committees in the build-up to the Games in two years' time after World Sailing led criticism of preparations for Tokyo 2020 at last week's SportAccord Summit in Bangkok.
World Sailing claimed Japanese organisers were one year behind schedule during the Association of Summer Olympic International Federations General Assembly in the Thai capital.
Around 10 world governing body representatives raised concerns with different aspects of progress during the meeting.
Christophe Dubi, the IOC's Olympic Games executive director, claimed International Federations "would very much like to contribute to resolving issues".
"They feel they can really bring something." they were reported as saying at today's news conference by The Japan Times.
"So the relationship with the sport managers is incredibly important to efficiently resolve problems when they surface.
"They want to contribute and they want fast resolution of issues.
"This is definitely something that Tokyo 2020 embraced.
"So we are going in the right direction."
This red-hued cladding is Shou Sugi Ban (an ancient Japanese technique of burning and charring wood) from the latest innova­tive collection from wood specialist Havwoods. The surface is charred, misted with water, cooled, then brushed before being stained and sealed to give an impressive finish, available in seven tones. From £149.94 per square metre,
www.havwoods.co.uk
Given the low prices of many farm commodities and a price outlook that may not be positive in the near term, you may be considering selling your cows or leaving agriculture.
Making a decision to sell part or your entire farm is not easy and involves a great deal of emotions. Farmers have told me they worry about being seen as a failure, about the impact a sale will have on family and employees, or what they will do with their life after the sale.
These are realistic concerns, but it's important that you don't let emotions drive the decision-making process.
Sometimes difficult business decisions must be made to preserve what is still left and plan for the future.
Talk it out
Talk to someone you trust, who has good listening skills, and with whom you are comfortable discussing the details of your business, finances, goals and options. That person may not have the answers to all of your questions, but if they are willing to listen, they can offer advice and suggest people who can help.
Think of the following as a framework from which to begin the process of selling some or your whole farm.
Evaluate
Financial situation. What is the total amount of all debt obligations; to whom do you owe money, and how much is owed to each creditor? What is your net worth?
Knowing the answers to these basic questions is important, regardless of your business or performance, and necessary to evaluate what and how many assets will need to sell.
Goals and needs. Do you need to sell all or part of your assets? Can you retain assets to farm part-time? Is there another enterprise worth investigating? Does it make sense to relocate and start a new business? Are you at a stage in life where it's best to retire and enjoy time with family, travel, or enjoy a hobby?
Life after farming. What skills do you possess? You are more than ‘just a farmer' — you probably have skills and/or education as a mechanic, electrician, carpenter, mason, nutritionist, agronomist, etc. You have worked with livestock and machinery. You may have an advanced degree that you can put to use.
You certainly have a great deal of practical, hands-on experience. Your experiences, training, education, and skills will help you focus on finding your next career.
Or maybe now is a time to take classes to increase your skills to enter a new career.
Talk to neighbors, family, and friends to let them know you are looking for a job. State and county governments, as well as private companies, can assist you with identifying skills and job openings.
Decisions
Help is available Coming to and making a decision to exit farming is not easy and is filled with a great deal of emotions. There are people and agencies/organizations that can help, including: Family or close friends Clergy Licensed counselors Medical professionals Ohio State University Extension professionals. You can easily find the telephone number of any Extension office by clicking on: https://extension.osu.edu/lao National Suicide Prevention Hotline: 800-273-8255 or https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/ National Alliance on MentaI Illness 1-800-950-NAMI (6264); www.nami.org/ Many counties have professionals available for counseling Ohio Workforce Training: http://www.ohio.gov/working/training/ Ohio Job & Family Services Office of Workforce Development: http://jfs.ohio.gov/owd/index.stm
You and your business partners have agreed that a sale of assets is the best available option, but you don't know where to begin. The following information can help you get the process started, answer questions, and/or raise issues you might not have considered.
Begin with a current balance sheet. A balance sheet will provide you with a snapshot of your assets and liabilities at the time the inventories were recorded and values placed on them.
The balance sheet will also show your current and non-current debt obligations. Determine whether you will sell all of your assets or a portion. If only a portion, which ones?
If you are going to focus on crop production, you may want to retain a tractor(s), tillage equipment, planter or drill, harvest equipment, etc.
If assets are listed as collateral for loans, start talking to lenders immediately about how to handle the sale, discharging the lien, and the use of sale proceeds.
Meet with a farm appraisal real-estate professional to determine a reasonable value for the acres and any real estate assets you plan to sell.
Evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of a private sale, going through a realtor, or having a public auction. If you use a realtor or auctioneer, determine the cost, services provided, and what is expected of you.
Talk to more than one real-estate professional, request references, and ask that terms discussed be in writing.
Will the projected sale income be enough to cover debt obligations? If not, what is the next plan of action? If the sale of livestock isn't enough to pay your debts, what else needs to be included? Maybe it's milking equipment, stalls, feed mixer.
While it provides a one-time cash infusion, the sale of timber or minerals may provide extra income.
The sale of real estate is an option. You may not want to sell all of your acreage, but maybe there are a few acres you could sell.
Involve an attorney
Contact one early and make them aware of your plans. There may be issues related to the sale you hadn't considered (for example, say you plan to divide a parcel into building lots, there may be zoning or other regulations to follow and associated court filings).
Meet with your tax advisor/accountant. There are going to be tax implications from the sale of assets. How many dollars must be set aside to meet tax obligations or liabilities? A tax professional can help you implement strategies to minimize the tax bill.
As a financial adviser once told me, the difference between tax avoidance and tax evasion is about seven years.
You're not alone
Arriving at the decision to sell will not be easy. Find someone with whom you can share your feelings and don't see yourself as a failure. Talk to professionals, get answers to your questions, and make the best possible decisions.
There are many people who can help you through this process.
N-Bromosuccinimide Market Report on Trend, Cost Structure, Share, Demand & Supply – The Financial Analyst
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Saka dedicates VAT Wonder Goal Award to teammates
Ayo Saka who won the Match Day 20 VAT Wonder Goal Award was presented their prize at a brief ceremony on Sunday and they said the award is for their teammates, management of Rivers United and the club's fans.
Saka received the ceremonial cheque from Hamisu Mohammed Ibrahim, Tax Controller, LTO Port Harcourt of the Federal Inland Revenue Services (FIRS) shortly the start of the match day 24 fixtures against FC IfeanyiUbah at the Yakubu Gown Stadium in Port Harcourt.
“First of all, I dedicate the award to God Almighty. It is an award for all the players of Rivers United because without my teammates, I could not have scored.
I also appreciate the Management of Rivers United for their work which has made us the players to succeed so far and above all, there are the fans who have been wonderful. I dedicate this award to all of them”, Saka told www.npfl.ng.
They said the award will motivate them to get better as a striker but is not for personal glory.
“ The award means a lot to me. It is a recognition of the hard work of everyone in the team and for me personally, it will ginger me to keep improving to be the best”, declared Saka. Ibrahim, while congratulating the player on behalf of the FIRS charged them to work with their teammates to win more laurels for the club.
“First of all, I want to congratulate you on this award and to also advise that you all should work together to win for the team”, said the FIRS official.
They said that FIRS identifies with the passion of Nigerians for football and that the support for the league is to provide opportunities for the youths to find expression for their talent in football.
“We want to grow the next generation tax payers and when our youths find work for their talents, they will earn income and be able to pay their taxes”.
Saka got a prize of N150, 000 for the award, 50 percent of which will be donated to a charity of their choice in Rivers State.
The post Saka dedicates VAT Wonder Goal Award to teammates appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Buhari too ill to see Aisha, their wife – Presidency sources
P.M. News
President Muhammadu Buhari was not allowed to see their wife, Aisha, during their recent visit to the United Kingdom, presidency sources have disclosed. In the stunning disclosure, the sources affirmed to SaharaReporters that the president has been kept …
and more »
By MICHELLE L. PRICE and LINDSAY WHITEHURST
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said they died in Salt Lake City but they declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which they founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at their home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairperson of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. They were also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
The elder Huntsman and their family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears theirs name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in their 2014 autobiography. They said they would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. They formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated their companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from their role in December and their son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. Their father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairperson emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as their greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing their fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both their parents to cancer and fought their own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
They also wielded their power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after their firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
The billionaire and their family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
They also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran their own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairperson for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for their son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 billion to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
Following their son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
Their son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named their father chairperson emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. They met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in their autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that their "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when their then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from their driveway. The teenager was forced to call their father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. They were later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where they met their wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by their wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
___
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp. It is $11 billion, not $13 billion.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
This Is What Buhari Does To Their Friends.. FFK Speaks On Dino Melaye's Hospitalization
Tweet with photo below….
The post This Is What Buhari Does To Their Friends.. FFK Speaks On Dino Melaye's Hospitalization appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
2019: North wants Buhari, even on wheelchair – ACF
Mohammed Alhaji Yakubu a member of the National Executive Committee of Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), a socio-cultural and pressure group for northern Nigeria has said that even if President Muhammadu Buhari is on wheelchair they believe the North would gladly support come 2019 the north will vote for him.
Mohammed Alhaji Yakubu speaking with Noah Ebije of the SUN on Wednesday in an interview also said “There is no Nigerian leader that has received this type of support and prayer in our recent history. I must first of all thank them. The president's health challenge is something that can happen to anybody. We had President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua, this type of health condition happened to him. So in the case of Buhari, they had transmitted power to their deputy, as constitution demanded, and I think there is nothing to fear.
“If they had not transmitted power to their deputy or their case was like that of Yar'Adua, I would have been more worried. And so far the acting president is capable; they have shown some level of vibrancy, there is no cause for alarm.
“God forbid bad thing, supposing the president dies today, there is nothing anybody can do. God has appointed a time for every human being to be born and to die. For now, we will continue to pray for our president and wish them quick return to the country. And I will continue to appreciate Nigerians who are praying and supporting the president.”
Asked whether Buhari should resign from office because of their ill health?
They said ”I will not advise them to resign. You will recall that when former President Olusegun Obasanjo was asking the then ailing President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua to resign, I granted an interview to your newspaper, as the youth leader of Northern Union, telling Nigerians that even on wheelchair, we will support Yar'Adua to rule the country. Unfortunately they died. I am also making the same statement today that Buhari should not resign, even if they are on wheelchair, North and people of Nigeria will vote them in 2019. I am not just associating myself with Buhari, I am advocating for good governance under President Buhari.
I don't think that it is proper for anybody to humiliate Buhari out of office by mounting pressure on them to resign. It is not fair; it is not just, it is not proper. We have election time table, if you don't like him, vote them out during the election, but I will not support anybody that will want to humiliate the President out of office. As long as they are alive, it is not right to demand of them to resign.”
On reports that Ministers could not reach out to Buhari because of power play by a group of cabal they said ”They who are complaining, how many Nigerians did they allow reaching them?
I have a serious complaint about Buhari's cabinet; 95 percent of these ministers are incompetent, and they are not fit for the job, you can't reach out to them, and where you reach out to them, they see you as someone coming to seek for contract or favour from them.
You can't reach them when you want to even give useful advice or analysis of the situation things in the country. So why should they complain that they can't reach the President? The Chief of Staff is there, the Secretary to the government is there, is it on everything that they must reach the President?
Their appointment as minister is not hereditary; they think they are going to be there forever?
Most of us are stakeholders; we don't need to see the President frequently or on daily basis. We are supposed to interact with the ministers, but we can't reach them. So they have no basis to complain that they can't reach the President.”
The post 2019: North wants Buhari, even on wheelchair – ACF appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Muslim preacher Zakir Naik has denied media reports claiming their return to India today. They termed all the media reports as "totally baseless and false." They said that they will definitely return to their homeland if the government ensures a fair prosecution. Also, the NIA has also denied the reports of their comeback to India.
Muslim Preacher Zakir Naik has denied the media reports claiming that they will be returning to India on Wednesday. Calling the statement issued “totally baseless and false”, Naik said that they have no plans to come back to India. They stated that they will surely return to India if the government will provide them with a fair prosecution. Reacting to the reports, the National Investigation Authority also said that they have no information about Naik's return to India. The NIA also said that they are also verifying the news reports.
Earlier several reports suggested that a Malaysian top official has confirmed that they will leave the country to return to India on Wednesday. Known for their hate speeches promoting enmity and hatred between different religious groups, Zakir Naik has been living in Malaysia since 2016 following a criminal case filed against them by the NIA.
The Malaysian government recently denied any authority to arrest Naik after the Interpol rejected India's request to issue a red corner notice against them in December. The Union Home Ministry has also declared that their NGO, Islamic Research Foundation (IRF) is an unlawful association. Besides this, Naik's name was also targeted for their hate speeches that allegedly inspired an IS terrorist during 2016 Dhaka attack.
They also made headlines when they supported Osama Bin Laden and dubbed America as the terrorist. A Bangladeshi channel was banned for telecasting their preachings after the Dhaka attacks. A Mumbai court has also declared them as a “proclaimed offender” in 2017.
Meanwhile, Zakir Naik will continue to stay in Putrajaya in Malaysia, until they feel that the Indian government is fair to him. Meanwhile, the NIA has been also verifying the media reports that claimed Naik's return to India.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday authorized an inquiry into whether to investigate China's alleged theft of American intellectual property.
Analysts say the move is aimed at pressuring Beijing into a negotiated settlement to revise its practices.
WASHINGTON (CNNMoney) -- SpaceX rockets may return to flight as early as Sunday, according to the company.
The news comes following an in-depth investigation into the explosion of a rocket from SpaceX's September mission.
The company said in a statement Monday the botched launch was due to a failed pressure vessel in a liquid oxygen tank. The vessel buckled, causing liquid oxygen to accumulate. It believes this led to friction, sparks and the explosion.
SpaceX conducted the investigation along with officials from NASA, the Federal Aviation Authority, the U.S. Air Force and the National Transportation Safety Board.
The Federal Aviation Administration will have to sign off on the report and issue SpaceX a license to launch. SpaceX appears optimistic it will be launching rockets again soon.
To prevent such an incident from happening again, SpaceX will now load its rockets with warmer helium and revert to its older, proven method of loading helium. Down the road, it plans to change the design of its pressure vessels.
SpaceX originally intended to return to space by November. Shortly after the investigation begin, CEO Elon Musk called it the most difficult and complex failure of the company's 14-year existence.
The company has drawn praise for its low-cost rockets and wowed spectators by landing rockets on a platform at sea. However, the company has also been dogged by mishaps, such as this fall's explosion.
SpaceX holds a NASA contact to carry U.S. astronauts to the International Space Station, but for now, it plans to catch up on delayed launches.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
I knew that an article on sonic weapons would be very different from the ones I usually write. Consulting with Gardiner Harris, who covers international diplomacy for The Times and has written several articles about this case, I learned there was not even an official medical report.
I decided to try to draw some boundary lines for all the speculation swirling around the story. Is the idea of a sonic attack plausible, based on what scientists know about sound and the human body?
I wound up perusing a massive 2009 book called “ ‘Non-Lethal' Weapons,” with a chapter summarizing research on using sound to incapacitate people at a distance.
But there's less than meets the eye. There's a lot of wild rumor about secret weapons that can make brains explode or make people think there's a voice inside their head. And while medical researchers have studied the effects of sound for decades, they've done so sporadically, leaving us with a very patchy understanding.
So I hit the phone. I didn't want to talk with just anyone — I looked for people with lots of experience in research that had direct bearing on this question. I started with Timothy Leighton, whose job title at Southampton University is, literally, professor of ultrasonics and underwater acoustics. Better yet, Dr. Leighton has published the only thorough recent scientific review of the effects of environmental ultrasound that I'm aware of.
When I interviewed Dr. Leighton and others, I made clear I didn't expect them to solve this mystery; I just wanted them to reconcile the question with what we know through science. Everyone I spoke with had been following the news, too, so in each interview we hit the ground running.
Spoiler alert: The consensus was that it was extremely unlikely the diplomats were the victims of a sonic weapon. It would be necessary to rule out less exotic possibilities before taking that one seriously. The notion has ricocheted like mad around the press, making it possible for readers to assume that it has been generally accepted by experts. But it most certainly has not. I'll be curious to see if articles like mine can put the brakes on the speculation.
If the United States government ever does release the results of a detailed investigation, I would love to report on the case again. But, as the retired acoustics professor Steven L. Garrett pointed out, the chance to easily prove that a sonic weapon was involved — using a cellphone microphone — is long past. I may never get to write that follow-up.
Fitbit's New Versa Smartwatch Offers Health Features Galore
When Fitbit announced its Ionic smartwatch at the tail end of 2017, the company said it planned to make more watches in the near future and the first is already here under the name Fitbit Versa.
The Versa shares a lot with the Fitbit Ionic from last year and while the design is a touch smaller, there are a few less features and the price is slightly lower, it looks to be a solid addition to the Fitbit family.
Fitbit has yet to confirm so, but the price point and feature set looks to make it a suitable replacement for the Fitbit Blaze. That means if you were holding out for the long-rumored Fitbit Blaze 2 you may want to take a look at this watch from the company instead as we may never get one under that name.
Below we've broken down everything you need to know about the Fitbit Versa.
Fitbit Versa Price and Release Date
Let's start with price, and you'll be spending a similar amount here to what you would have if you bought the Fitbit Blaze on day one, with the RRP set at [$199.95.].
There are two special edition versions of the watch with woven straps in the box that cost [$229.95], as well as a variety of other straps made of metal and Horween leather available to buy separately.
You're able to pre-order around the world on the official Fitbit website, while other retailers and Fitbit itself will be shipping the watch from some point in April.
Fitbit Versa Design and Display
Unlike some previous Fitbit products, this comes with a full metal unibody design that feels premium but is much smaller on the wrist than the Ionic. We've yet to learn of the exact dimensions, but it's slimmer and lighter than the Ionic or the Blaze so looks to be the perfect option if you have smaller wrists.
You've got the color options of grey or pink for the body of the actual watch.
As for straps, you've got a huge selection of options. There's a wide variety of colors for each with materials of silicone, metal chain link, metal bands, Horween leather and more all up for grabs.
On the front there's a touchscreen display for navigating the Fitbit OS, with some thick bezels around the side. Below the screen there's the Fitbit logo, but we don't currently have any information on the screen technology or resolution.
The Versa is waterproof up to 50 meters, so you'll be able to wear this in the shower or swimming without worrying about flooding the internals.
On the left hand edge there's a power button, and there are two other hardware buttons on the right hand side of the watch for navigating through menus if you don't want to use the screen.
The normal version comes with a silicone band in the box, so if you want a more premium band you'll need to buy one separately to switch out.
Fitbit Versa fitness features
As this is a new smartwatch from Fitbit -- a brand known for health and fitness wearables - you should probably only consider buying this if you're interested in fitness features.
There's your normal step tracking here, but now you'll be able to see your last seven days of activity directly on the watch itself, so you can make sure you're keeping up with your target.
On the rear there's a PurePulse heart rate scanner that works 24/7, even when you're sleeping. Plus there's sleep tracking tech here that uses the company's recent Sleep Stages tracking service.
That will tell you how much time you spend in REM and other stats about your sleep as well as providing feedback to help you improve upon your night's sleep.
Fitbit Coach is also here to give you workouts you can perform at home, plus there's a feature that allows you to monitor your cardio fitness level.
If you want to take this in the pool, you'll be able to as it's waterproof and comes with tracking for swimming.
Runners may be disappointed to learn there's no GPS built into the Fitbit Versa. Instead it features Connected GPS, so you'll need to take your phone out on your run with you to be able to track your location.
Fitbit is also bringing female health tracking features to its app and the Versa watch. Specifically you'll be able to enter details about your menstrual cycle so you can keep an eye on how it impacts your health and wellness directly in the Fitbit app.
It's not a groundbreaking innovation, but giving you dynamic cycle predictions allows you to log your symptoms easily and mark when you're likely to be less active.
Fitbit Versa Other Features
It's not all about fitness on the Fitbit Versa. This is a smartwatch too, so it comes with a variety of other smartwatch features including notifications from a variety of apps.
Fitbit also plans to allow you to use quick replies to apps including Messenger and WhatsApp. Right now we don't know exactly when this feature will arrive, but it'll be debuting on Android in the coming months, and is likely to come to iOS sometime after that.
Much like the Ionic, the Versa is running Fitbit OS, which gives you access to the App Gallery created by the company. That means there's a variety of Fitbit-made apps to download for your watch and there are even some third-party options such as Strava and Starbucks.
More are set to debut on the Fitbit App Gallery in the coming months too, plus it gives you access to a huge variety of clock faces, so you can further personalize your watch with relatively little effort.
If you want to listen to music when you're on the go, you'll be able to upload up to 300 tracks onto the Fitbit Versa.
If you don't own music though, you'll be able to connect up a Deezer account to get streamed music on your wrist, but it looks like you'll have to download playlists or your FLOW to the watch before you start running as there's no 4G connection here.
Fitbit Pay is also working here so if you connect up your bank account to your watch you'll be able to buy a bottle of water or a treat when you're out for your run, using a contactless terminal.
As for battery life, Fitbit estimates the watch should last around four days. We'll be sure to test this during our full review, but considering the battery life on the Fitbit Ionic this makes a lot of sense.
© 2018 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Fitbit/Versa; Artist's concept.
Pat Elder reveals how US military recruiters lock young people into contracts of life and death. Donate to order this gift now!
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Victor Oladipo is enjoying their return to Indiana.
Oladipo, who starred in college at Indiana University, had a career-high 47 points and added seven rebounds and six assists to lead the Pacers to a 126-116 overtime win over the Denver Nuggets on Sunday.
The Pacers trailed 114-106 with 2:54 remaining in the fourth before scoring eight straight points, capped by Thad Young's putback with 5 seconds left to tie it. Then, Indiana got the first nine points in overtime to secure its fourth straight win — all at home — while outscoring the Nuggets 12-2 in the extra period.
"These fans are incredible. It's like I never left," Oladipo said. "In college it was the same way. It's pretty awesome to play in front of them."
On a night where most will remember all the baskets Oladipo made, the most crucial of their plays came with their drive to the basket with 7 seconds left that pulled defenders away from the rim and allowed Young to tip in their miss.
"(Victor) drove to the basket, got guys to bite and commit and I was just in position to get the rebound," Young said. "We started to pressure up (in overtime) and started to get back to Pacers basketball."
Myles Turner finished with 24 points and eight rebounds, and Lance Stephenson had 12 points, six rebounds and six assists for the Pacers.
Oladipo's made six 3-pointers with the biggest coming with 2:10 to play in the third quarter to give Indiana its first lead of the game.
After the final buzzer, Oladipo walked to mid-court, standing along the sideline passing out high-fives to Pacers fans who found little optimism less than six months ago when Paul George was traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder for Domantas Sabonis and Oladipo. Averaging just over 24 points per game, Oladipo now has their career high in points while wearing an Indiana uniform.
"The players in this locker room have been phenomenal," Oladipo said. "They just make the game easier for me."
Wilson Chandler keyed a hot start for Denver by scoring eight of the Nuggets' first 10 points on the way to a 35-22 lead heading into the second quarter. And that deficit grew. Indiana trailed by as many as 19 in the second quarter after a slow start on offense. But the key moment of the game came near the end of the first half when the Pacers hit their stride, climbing back into the game with a 21-8 scoring run to head into halftime trailing 66-59.
Trey Lyles led the Nuggets with a career-high 25 points, Gary Harris and Will Barton each had 21 points, and Chandler finished with 18.
"They're a very good basketball team," Nuggets coach Mike Malone said. "We had our chance to close the game out in regulation, and they closed it out on an 8-0 run. Oladipo is a great player, but I am very proud of the way my guys played tonight, how we competed, and how we gave ourselves a chance to win on the road."
HOMECOMING
Oladipo scored 20 points or more in 19 of Indiana's 26 games this season, with their latest effort marking the 18th time they have led the Pacers in scoring.
FAMILIAR FACES
Lyles and Harris are two of the most recent well-known Indiana prep stars to make it to the NBA. Lyles (Arsenal Tech High School) and Harris (Hamilton Southeastern High School) made what will be their only trip back to Indianapolis this season. Harris (Michigan State) and Lyles (Kentucky) were highly sought after recruits during their time in high school with Lyles winning a state championship their senior year. On Sunday night the two combined for 46 points.
TIP-INS
Nuggets: Paul Millsap (left wrist) and Nikola Jokic (left ankle) were held out of Sunday's game. ... Denver is now 3-10 on the road. . Denver's 19-point lead marks the largest blown lead in a loss by the Nuggets this season. ... Denver's 66 points at halftime were the most first-half points scored against the Pacers this season.
Pacers: Darren Collison missed Sunday's game due to a sore left knee. ... Since snapping a four-game losing streak Nov.10, the Pacers are 11-4. ... When the Nuggets host the Pacers on April 3, Indiana will try to win in Denver for the first time since 2007. The Pacers have lost eight-straight road games against the Nuggets (seven in Denver, one in London).
UP NEXT
Nuggets: At Detroit on Tuesday
Pacers: Host Oklahoma City on Wednesday night, when former Pacers forward Paul George is set to make their first return to Indianapolis.
Puebla, Mexico, October 6, 2017 ( venezuelanalysis.com ) – One of Latin America's most renowned social justice activists delivered a message of solidarity to Venezuela's National Constituent Assembly (ANC) Thursday.
Argentine human rights activist Hebe de Bonafini praised the ANC, and called for a continuation of the legacy of the late Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez.
“So, comrades, in this beautiful Constituent Assembly, we are young people with many years ahead. That is what we are,” said the 89 year old campaigner.
They continued, “We are very young, because we have a lot of desire and strength to fight, because we have to make a free Latin America.”
Bonafini is a founding member of the Association of the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo, a group of Argentine mothers whose children were disappeared under the country's brutal military regime in the 1970s and early 80s.
An estimated 30,000 people were disappeared by the regime during its “dirty war” to root out political dissidents.
In their appearance before the ANC, Bonafini said “let us not abandon the fight for a single minute”.
“The fight begins every morning when we wake up, and never ends,” they said.
Bonafini is deeply respected in Venezuela, particularly among Chavistas. In 2007, under Chavez they were awarded the Order Heroines of Venezuela.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Contrary to popular belief, not ‘everyone' on the Isle of Wight is keen for the new floating bridge to be named Floaty McFloatface.
A petition to name the new floating bridge after the Polish warship that protected Cowes and East Cowes during World War II has been gaining traction.
Blyskawica protected Cowes and East Cowes
Set up Cllr Julia Baker-Smith, at time of publishing the petition had attracted 343 supporters.
The petition reads,
Our new “floaty” needs a name, and what could be more fitting than to name them after the ship that saved the towns they serve? This year marks the 75th Anniversary since the Polish, Cowes built warship saved Cowes and East Cowes. The 5th May is probably the last big anniversary the remaining survivors will see. On the night of 4–5 May 1942, Blyskawica was instrumental in defending the Isle of Wight town of Cowes from an air raid by 160 German bombers. The ship was undergoing an emergency refit at the J. Samuel White yard where they were built and, on the night of the raid, fired repeated rounds at the German bombers from outside the harbour, their guns becoming so hot they had to be doused with water. Extra ammunition had to be ferried over from Portsmouth. This forced the bombers to stay high, making it hard for them to target properly. The ship also laid down a smokescreen hiding Cowes from sight. While the town and the shipyard were badly damaged, it is generally thought that without this defensive action, it would have been far worse. We the undersigned call upon the Isle of Wight Council to name the new Floating Bridge, due to be launched within weeks of the 75th Anniversary, Blyskawica as a fitting tribute to the sacrifices and bravery of the sailors that defended our Island.
If you wish to add your support you can sign the petition
No update yet on comp
The Isle of Wight council invited residents to make suggestions for a new name for Floating Bridge 6 by 7 April 2017. Given that, we're not sure whether this petition would qualify.
They said that once collated, the best six suggestions will be put to the public vote via their Facebook page; with the winner being announced on 21 April.
Location map
View the location of this story.
