CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
NEW YORK (AP) — It was one of New York City's most enduring mysteries: A sandy-haired, 6-year-old boy who vanished on their way to school. A fruitless search that scared a generation of parents. A family that fought for years to hold one man accountable, only to be told someone else was to blame.
Some questions remain in the 1979 disappearance of Etan Patz, but a jury decided Tuesday that it had enough evidence to convict a former convenience store clerk of luring the boy into a basement and killing him, after a first trial ended with a hung jury.
Pedro Hernandez confessed several years ago to choking Etan, but their lawyers said that admission was the false imagining of a troubled man whose mind blurred the boundary between reality and illusion.
During Hernandez's first trial in 2015, that argument won over a lone juror, who wouldn't budge and forced a mistrial. This second time around, the jury was unanimous, finding Hernandez guilty of murder and kidnapping after nine days of deliberations.
"We decided they have an illness ... but that didn't make them delusional," said juror Michael Castellon. "We think that they could tell right from wrong. They could tell fantasy from reality."
Hernandez, 56, didn't react visibly as the verdict was read. Sentencing was set for Feb. 28. Their lawyers said they planned to appeal.
"In the end, we don't believe this will resolve the story of what happened to Etan back in 1979," said lawyer Harvey Fishbein.
Etan's disappearance during their morning walk to the school bus helped end an era where parents felt comfortable letting their children roam.
They became one of the first missing children ever pictured on milk cartons. The anniversary of their disappearance has been designated National Missing Children's Day. Their parents lent their voices to a campaign to make missing children a national cause, and it fueled laws that established a national hotline and made it easier for law enforcement agencies to share information about vanished youngsters.
For decades, though, the investigation into what happened to them went nowhere.
A body was never found. Unlike today's New York City, there was no network of security cameras to check for clues.
For years, some detectives and the Patz family thought the killer was Jose Ramos, a convicted Pennsylvania child molester who knew a woman who had sometimes walked Etan home from school.
Etan's parents even sued Ramos, winning a wrongful death judgment by default in 2005 when they stopped cooperating with the legal proceedings — though they continued to deny having anything to do with the crime.
Stan Patz sent Ramos annual messages saying, "What did you do to my little boy?"
Hernandez wasn't a suspect until 2012. Amid renewed news coverage of the investigation, a brother-in-law came forward and told police that, decades earlier, Hernandez had confessed to a prayer group that he'd killed a child in New York.
Authorities would later learn that Hernandez had made similar remarks to a friend and their ex-wife.
After police went to their home in Maple Shade, New Jersey, Hernandez confessed, saying he'd offered Etan a soda to get them into the store basement and then choked him.
"Something just took over me," Hernandez said in one of a series of recorded confessions to police and prosecutors. They said he'd wanted to tell someone, "but I didn't know how to do it. I felt so sorry."
Hernandez told authorities he'd shoved Etan's body, still living, in a trash bag, then put it in a box and dumped it with some garbage.
The boy's body was never found, nor was any trace of their clothing, nor the tote bag loaded with toys that he'd slung over their shoulder when they left their loft. And while prosecutors presented a theory that Hernandez had killed Etan after sexually abusing him, the suspect themselves never gave an explanation.
In the end, the confessions were enough for the jury. And they were enough for the Patz family, too.
"We've finally found some measure of justice for our wonderful little boy, Etan," said Stanley Patz, choking up, after the verdict was announced. Their wife Julie, who didn't attend the trial except to testify, cried when they heard the verdict.
"I am truly relieved," Stan Patz said. "And I'll tell you, it's about time. It's about time."
___
Associated Press writers Larry Neumeister and Karen Matthews contributed to this report.
BERN, Switzerland (AP) — Carlo Janka has been named in Switzerland's biggest ever Winter Olympic team despite not starting a World Cup ski race since tearing the ACL in their right knee in October.
The 31-year-old Janka opted against surgery to give them a chance of competing at next month's Pyeongchang Games.
The Swiss Olympic committee announced a 171-athlete team — eight more than for the 2014 Sochi Olympics.
Team manager Ralph Stoeckli says its target is 11 medals, which would match Switzerland's tally in Sochi. Of those 11 medals four years ago, six were gold.
Janka took gold in giant slalom at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics. They also won on the new Olympic course in 2016, when a World Cup super-G was held as a test event.
Transcript for FEMA prepares for the start of hurricane season
Picture of can do here in Puerto Rico as we approach the start. Of the hurricane season we are inside this warehouse this huge distribution center from phenom here were rebuilt when they got to. Hundreds of supplies on one side here you have. Boxes and boxes crates of sports on the other side yet all this water being told they have about two. Here's a quarter. 800000. Meals ready to go there also be supplies stuff like he's speaking with the officials they city just Aris. Much better she. This time around compared to last year. FEMA says last year they had about 46 employees working on the ground here Puerto Rico now they have some 3000. Also lesser pitchers have won office now there's 67. They also hope that there's a level of preparedness from the people you're on the island first they want to make sure that people who live here have already been through it. Have enough supplies food water medicine battery so quick that's less than ten days so that they want to use. At this stuff. Until it's absolutely. Necessary the start of hurricane season is on June 1 people here. Obviously have lived through it after hurricane Maria eight months ago booking numbers to see anything quite like this again 99%. Of the population. Now has electricity. Its power grid goes I'm being told it's still the most delicate sensitive part of the island. If another storm that stronger U nor a little weaker comes by this way again hits has that similar impact. It'll knock it all down again. Hopefully that doesn't happen so this is a look inside distribution center in Puerto Rico the city this team has set up. After road here again they're hoping that they never have to use. And this book much more coverage from here importer. Undertook end of ABC news sent one quarter.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Meadows originally committed to play at Clemson before signing a $3 million signing bonus to join the Pirates, a decision that came with a significant amount of expectations. They joined a pipeline that produced McCutchen, Marte and Gregory Polanco, the "outfield of the future" when Pittsburgh began its renaissance from afterthought to contender earlier this decade.
Meadows practically sprinted to Triple-A Indianapolis before their progress stalled thanks to lingering hamstring and oblique injuries. They hit just .239 in 2016 and 2017 with the Indians and the clamouring for their promotion quieted. They hired a new trainer over the winter and hit .295 with 10 doubles in 32 games for Indianapolis before Marte was sidelined with an oblique issue of their own.
Meadows' arrival earlier this month — unlike the arrivals of former coveted prospects McCutchen, Gerrit Cole and Polanco — was met with more of a shrug than breathless anticipation. That might not necessarily be a bad thing. It allowed the unassuming Meadows to fit in quickly in a clubhouse that's undergone a significant overhaul since it made three straight playoff appearances from 2013-15, including McCutchen's departure in a trade to San Francisco in January.
Make no mistake: Meadows is not McCutchen and isn't trying to be McCutchen. They do, however, believe they belong. So do their teammates.
"He looks the part," said pitcher and 2010 first-round pick Jameson Taillon, who knows a thing or two about hype. "He looks like a ballplayer. He's not nervous, he's not scared ... When I got called up, I felt like my head was in my locker, I just wanted to stay out of people's way. Meadows has come up, he's comfortable."
And he's raking. The player who never hit more than 12 home runs during any season in the minors already has four less than two weeks into their major league career, That includes a shot to right-centre on Tuesday night off Chicago ace Jon Lester, the first homer Lester has given up to a lefty all season.
Yet it wasn't even Meadows' most impressive feat of the night. That came in the ninth against Cubs closer Brandon Morrow. Pittsburgh had two on with one out and trailed by four when Meadows stepped in. Meadows fended off four sinkers at 98 or 99 mph before lining an infield single that loaded the bases and kept a Pittsburgh rally alive.
"If you're not impressed by Meadows' at bats, you need to go watch another sport right now," Hurdle said.
Meadows is doing their best to take everything in stride. For all their early success, he's quick to point out the team has slumped since their arrival. He's no saviour. just one of 25 trying to do their part for a club that believes — if few others do — that it can contend in the stacked NL Central. They probably won't hit .400 all season. They probably won't hit a home run every third game. He's well aware getting up here and staying up here are two entirely different things.
It's a challenge he's been preparing for since the first time they picked up a bat when they were 3. The stakes have changed. Their mindset has not.
"You can't have any fear up here," they said.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Will Graves, The Associated Press
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea has cancelled one of the key joint cooperation projects with South Korea planned for next month's Winter Olympics, officials said, further proving the delicate nature of ties between the rivals split for seven decades.
North Korea on Monday night sent a message saying it won't hold a joint cultural event at the North's Diamond Mountain on Feb. 4 to mark the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, according to Seoul's Unification Ministry.
The ministry cited North Korea as saying it has no other option but to cancel the project because of South Korean media reports that it says defamed its "sincere" measures for the Olympics. The North also accused South Korean media of picking a fight over an unspecified domestic festival in North Korea, according to the ministry statement.
The statement said South Korea considers the North's decision "very regrettable."
The North didn't say which media reports were at issue. But some reports had criticized the North's plan to stage a major event to mark the 70th anniversary of the founding of its military on Feb. 8, just one day before the Olympics' opening ceremony. South Korean officials have said the North plans a massive military parade on the anniversary.
It's not clear how the latest development would affect other planned Olympics-related cooperation projects between the Koreas. They agreed to field a joint women's hockey team and have their athletes parade together under a single flag during the Feb. 9 opening ceremony. A dozen North Korean hockey players arrived in South Korea last week to practice with their South Korean teammates.
North Korea has a history of last-minute cancellations and unexplained reversals, and some experts say it might have sought to gain concessions from the South. The visit earlier this month of a prominent band leader to inspect artistic venues in the South was delayed by North Korea but eventually took place.
The Koreas' current reconciliation mood followed a year of heightened animosities over North Korea's nuclear program. Many analysts say the North may want to use improved ties with South Korea to weaken U.S.-led international pressure and sanctions on the country.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — A man accused of plotting an attack on a federal medical facility in Texas asked a judge in December to deport them instead of sending them to prison, saying they didn't deserve to spend time behind bars, records show.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud told federal Judge Michael Watson that they didn't want to leave their family but called their proposal "completely fair and just."
"I truly don't believe I deserve prison at all," Mohamud said in the Dec. 12 letter, filed in the official court record on Thursday.
They added: "So if the concern is risk assessment then deportation would set everyone's hearts at ease."
Mohamud, who was born in Somalia and came to the U.S. at 2 years old, may eventually get their wish.
After Mohamud was sentenced to 22 years in prison last week, the local Homeland Security Investigations office said it would seek to strip them of their citizenship and deport them to Somalia.
At sentencing on Jan. 22, Mohamud told Watson that they knew what he'd done was wrong and that he'd fallen into the trap of radicalization while abroad.
Mohamud, 26, tried to fire their attorney in a second letter dated Dec. 15, saying they weren't communicating well. A handwritten note on the letter says Mohamud's request was withdrawn Jan. 9 in court.
Their attorney, veteran Columbus defense lawyer Sam Shamansky, declined to comment.
Mohamud planned to fly to Texas and attack the Federal Medical Center Carswell in Fort Worth in an attempt to free Aafia Siddiqui, a Pakistani scientist convicted of shooting at two U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan, Watson said as they outlined the allegations against Mohamud.
According to the government, Mohamud applied for a passport to travel abroad only a week after they became a U.S. citizen in 2014.
They bought a ticket to Greece with a stop in Turkey, where they disembarked before going to Syria, prosecutors said in court documents. They said they never intended to go to Greece.
Mohamud trained with al-Nusra Front, an extremist organization affiliated with al-Qaeda, prosecutors said.
Mohamud was arrested in 2015 and pleaded guilty a few months later. The attacks were never carried out.
Shamansky asked for leniency, saying Mohamud didn't have their father around when they were growing up, was brainwashed while abroad "by professional head twisters" but later realized their error and abandoned their plot.
Prosecutors noted Mohamud contacted others from jail after their arrest and told them not to say anything.
___
Andrew Welsh-Huggins can be reached on Twitter at https://twitter.com/awhcolumbus.
If billboards popping up in Nashville are any indication, Mayor Megan Barry's admission on Wednesday that they had an affair with the former head of their security detail, has done little to erode their support among the residents of Tennessee's largest city.
Case in point: At least two billboards proclaiming "We Love Our Mayor" have been spotted in Nashville. One is situated off Interstate 24 and another is located in downtown Nashville on Silliman Evans bridge, ABC affiliate WKRN reported Friday.
According to WKRN, it is unclear who paid for the billboards. WKRN said it reached out to the billboard company for comment but has yet to hear back.
Mark Humphrey/AP
"Today, I have acknowledged publicly that I have engaged in an extramarital affair with the former head of my security detail," Barry said in a statement Wednesday, of the affair with retired Metro Nashville Police Department Sgt. Robert Forrest.
Barry continued, "I accept full responsibility for the pain I have caused my family and his. I am so sorry to my husband Bruce, who has stood by me in my darkest moments and remains committed to our marriage, just as I am committed to repairing the damage I have done."
At a press conference Wednesday, following their statement's release, Barry told reporters that the affair "is over."
WKRN
Forrest, meanwhile, said in a statement, "I deeply regret that my professional relationship with Mayor Barry turned into a personal one. This has caused great pain for my wife, my family, friends and colleagues. At no time did I ever violate my oath as a police office or engage in actions that would abuse the public trust."
WKRN via Nashville.gov
Nashville TV station WZTV spoke to drivers who expressed their support of the embattled mayor.
"Megan Barry has done a lot for Nashville," Nashville resident Latisha Yarlett told WZTV. "She's brought us a very far way."
Fellow resident Andy Martin told the TV station, "When I saw the billboard I thought you know that's Nashville . That's pretty cool."
LAS FLORES – When a team is winning, it wants to play the next game as soon as possible.
Trabuco Hills is that kind of team.
The Mustangs beat Tesoro 55-42 on Friday in a South Coast League game at Tesoro High. After losing its first two league games, Trabuco Hills has won four of its past five South Coast games.
“Our confidence is through the roof,” said Mustangs junior guard Daniel Prendergast. “We can't wait to get back at it again Tuesday.”
Tesoro's Tyler Broughton makes a basket with pressure from Trabuco Hills' Chase Anderson, left, and Quentin Watts, right, during the first half of a South Coast League game at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro's Triston Broughton goes up for a basket during the second half of a South Coast League game against Trabuco Hills at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills' Daniel Prendergast makes a pass with pressure from Tesoro's Tyler Broughton during the first half of a South Coast League game at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills fans hold a sign before a South Coast League game against Tesoro at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills' Connor Haskell is announced as a started before a South Coast League game against Tesoro at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro's Triston Broughton and Christian Munoz high-five as Broughton is announced as a starter before a South Coast League game against Trabuco Hills at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills huddles before a South Coast League game against Tesoro at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro's Tyler Broughton drives against Trabuco Hills' Chase Anderson during the second half of a South Coast League game at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills fans cheer during the second half of a South Coast League game against Tesoro at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro's Kaden Garrett reacts after a loss in a South Coast League game to Trabuco Hills at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills' Connor Haskell shoots over Tesoro's Matt DeAngelo during the first half of a South Coast League game at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro's Triston Broughton drives during the second half of a South Coast League game against Trabuco Hills at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro's Noah Honetschlager goes up for a shot while guarded by Trabuco Hills' Vinny Zingales during the second half of a South Coast League game at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills fans celebrate a massive dunk by Chase Anderson during the second half of a South Coast League game against Tesoro at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills' Quentin Watts drives down court during the first half of a South Coast League game against Tesoro at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro's Willy Duggan shoots over Trabuco Hills' Quentin Watts during the second half of a South Coast League game at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills fan Brian Fitzpatrick celebrates with a player after a win in a South Coast League game over Tesoro at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro cheerleaders perform during the second half of a South Coast League game against Trabuco Hills at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro fans cheer during the second half of a South Coast League game against Trabuco Hills at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills' Connor Haskell leaps while guarding Tesoro's Matt Jones during the first half of a South Coast League game at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills' Daniel Prendergast takes a 3-pointer during the first half of a South Coast League game against Tesoro at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro's Matt DeAngelo is fouled by Trabuco Hills' Connor Haskell during the second half of a South Coast League game at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills' Trevor Hotmer, left, celebrates a 3-pointer made by Daniel Prendergast, right, at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro head coach Garrett Steve talks with a referee over a non-call during the second half of a South Coast League game against Trabuco Hills at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
Trabuco Hills head coach Sean Sullens talks to their team during the second half of a South Coast League game against Tesoro at Tesoro High School on Friday, February 2, 2018 in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif. (Photo by Josh Barber, Contributing Photographer)
That's when Trabuco Hills plays a home game against Aliso Niguel. Aliso Niguel clinched a share of the league championship Friday with a 66-23 win over San Clemente.
The standings in the five-team league: Aliso Niguel 5-1; Trabuco Hills 4-3; San Clemente 3-4; Tesoro 2-4; El Toro 2-4.
Trabuco Hills remains in contention for a share of the league title. The Mustangs would have to beat Aliso Niguel in their final league game Tuesday, followed by an Aliso Niguel loss to Tesoro on Thursday, the final scheduled day of the regular season.
Trabuco Hills (16-5 overall) beat Tesoro (16-8) although leading scorer Chase Anderson was held to five points, 12 fewer than their per-game average. Prendergast, a 6-foot junior guard, scored a game-high 17 points with five 3-pointers. Senior guard Quentin Watts scored 12 with six rebounds.
Travis Broughton, a junior, paced Tesoro with nine points.
It was a close game until the fourth quarter. The Mustangs had an 11-10 edge at the end of the first quarter, led 22-18 at halftime and carried a 36-31 lead into the fourth quarter.
Prendergast and Watts made back-to-back 3s to start the fourth quarter as Trabuco Hills began to pull away.
Trabuco Hills is No. 8 in the CIF-Southern Section Division 2-A rankings. Tesoro is No. 10 in Division 2-A.
The top three teams in the five-team South Coast League receive guaranteed playoff berths. If Tesoro is not one of those top three teams, the Titans appear to still have a good chance of getting one of seven at-large berths that will be available in Division 2-A, thanks to factors like their overall record and strength of league. CIF-SS playoff brackets will be released Feb. 11.
Trabuco Hills opened league play with back-to-back losses to El Toro and San Clemente. The Mustangs then beat Tesoro, lost to Aliso Niguel, and next beat El Toro and San Clemente before their win Friday.
Tesoro plays at home against El Toro on Tuesday and plays at Aliso Niguel on Thursday. After the home game against Aliso Niguel on Tuesday, Trabuco Hills concludes the regular season with a nonleague home game against Capistrano Valley on Thursday.
LONDON (AP) - The former head of the official "Leave" campaign in Britain's 2016 vote on European Union membership is denying breaking spending rules ahead of a report from the country's electoral watchdog.
The Electoral Commission has not yet published its report on Vote Leave.
But Matthew Elliott, who headed the group, says the commission has concluded that Vote Leave broke rules by donating more than 600,000 pounds ($800,000) to another group then using the money for its own activities.
Elliott denied wrongdoing Wednesday, saying Vote Leave acted "both within the letter of the law and also the spirit."
The Electoral Commission has conducted several investigations into the referendum, which was won by those wanting Britain to leave the EU.
Another pro-Brexit organization, Leave.EU, was fined 70,000 pounds in May for overspending and filing inaccurate records.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FILE - In this Dec. 15, 2016, file photo, Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio listens to a video presentation of the findings from a five-year investigation into the authenticity of President Barack Obama's birth certificate during a news conference in Phoenix. Arpaio has left office with a mixed legacy on immigration, jails and other key issues. Critics accused them of being a publicity-driven bully who treated powerless people harshly because it was popular with voters. Their supporters counter that he's a standup guy who did what the public wanted and was the only local police official in Arizona to move against illegal immigration. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File)
PHOENIX (AP) — The full-throated bravado that made Sheriff Joe Arpaio a household name in debates over illegal immigration and the treatment of jail inmates was missing as they started their last news conference in a law enforcement career that spanned a half-century.
After being charged with a crime and booted from office by voters, the 84-year-old Arpaio looked tired and dispirited as they defended their investigation of President Barack Obama's birth certificate — a debunked controversy that critics say Arpaio exploited to raise funds from their supporters.
The sheriff mispronounced several words as they attacked the birth record of the president they blame for their political demise. The media-savvy lawman ended the news conference by uncharacteristically declining to mix it up with reporters about the credibility of the five-year Obama investigation by their volunteer posse.
They told their 75 supporters in the room that the investigation wasn't about whether Obama was born in the U.S. and instead focused on a claim that the birth certificate was fraudulent.
"This is tough for me to say — believe me, all of you media know me," Arpaio said. "Sometimes I get diarrhea of the mouth. But I am going to tell you, we are not going to answer any questions. There is more sensitive information that we have regarding this matter, and I am not going into it."
The investigation was another questionable tactic in Arpaio's 24-year tenure as the sheriff of metro Phoenix that ended Sunday and was also marked by traffic patrols and business raids that targeted immigrants; decisions to house jail inmates in tents, dress them in pink underwear and make them work on chain gangs; round up dead-beat parents; and arrest animal abusers.
Arpaio's critics say they were a bully who was driven by a hunger for publicity and who treated powerless people harshly because it was popular with voters.
Attorney Mike Manning, who filed several lawsuits against the sheriff over in-custody deaths, said the lawman will be remembered for bringing a "culture of cruelty" to their jails.
Arpaio stepped over the line when they treated inmates awaiting trial as if they were hardened criminals, even though the Constitution prohibits punishing people before they are convicted of crimes, Manning said.
"He wanted those jails to punish and hurt those detainees," Manning said.
Supporters counter that Arpaio is a standup guy who did what the public wanted and was the only local police official to do something about illegal immigration.
Tom Morrissey, a retired chief U.S. marshal who has been a friend of Arpaio for more than two decades, believes history will be kind to the sheriff.
"He will be celebrated and remembered 100 years from now, like Wyatt Earp was," Morrissey said, referring to the Old West sheriff credited with taming Tombstone.
Arpaio took big chances in using jail tents and dressing inmates in pink underwear and was correct in taking on illegal immigration a decade ago when voters demanded action and state lawmakers passed laws to confront the problem, Morrissey said. But in doing so, they said, Arpaio was unfairly portrayed as anti-Latino.
"Believe me, there is a lot of support for them in the legal Latino community, but it just didn't get played that way," Morrissey said.
Lydia Guzman, a Latino civil rights advocate who helped organize volunteers to video-record encounters between officers and motorists during the immigration patrols, said Arpaio turned their back on the Hispanic community by caving in to public pressure to crack down on illegal immigration.
"Joe is a politician and has to get re-elected, so they did what they had to do to get themselves elected," Guzman said.
Arpaio, through a spokesperson, declined a request to speak about their legacy.
"I built a reputation in this world," Arpaio said in an interview days after their defeat in November. "Everyone knows who the sheriff is. That's one advantage. I've worked hard in this life."
State Sen. John Kavanagh, an Arpaio friend and proponent of tough crackdowns on illegal immigration, said the lawman gained popularity because they created a law-and-order persona that connected with voters.
"He wasn't afraid to speak their mind, even if it was politically incorrect," Kavanagh said. "He was an elected sheriff — they didn't have to worry about a town council firing him. They could be straight up with people, and they are."
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Pakistan had five balls to spare when it beat Zimbabwe by seven wickets on Wednesday and eliminated the African host from the Twenty20 tri-series tournament.
Solomon Mire missed out on a chance to become Zimbabwe's first century-maker in a T20 international as their 94-run knock carried Zimbabwe to 162-4 after captain Hamilton Masakadza lost their first toss in the tri-series and their team was put in to bat.
Opener Fakhar Zaman (47) and Hussain Talat (44) led Pakistan to 163-3 in 19.1 overs against an inexperienced bowling attack as Pakistan registered its second win against Zimbabwe.
It was Zimbabwe's third straight loss.
Australia plays against Pakistan on Thursday before both teams meet in Sunday's final.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Back on April 8 it seemed nothing was going right for the Portland Timbers.
In their debut season as an MLS coach, Giovanni Savarese's first five matches — all on the road — didn't include a single victory. They were clearly anxious to get back home after a 3-2 loss at Orlando City.
"They've been traveling five games away. At the end we were tired. It was a long trip. The weather from snow to hot and you can see at the end the guys were breaking down all over the place because it has been a long five games away," Savarese said at the time. "But as I said, I take full responsibility for this defeat."
Portland had collected just two overall points in their first five games. The long road trip to start the season was caused by construction at Providence Park.
But once the Timbers got home, their season turned around quickly. Even dramatically. Since that loss in Florida, they've won six straight, capped by a 3-2 victory at Colorado last weekend. On Saturday, they'll host the LA Galaxy.
The six consecutive wins is a club record, and matches Orlando's streak for the longest this season. It also matches the second-longest winning streak in the league since 2000 — when MLS started recording draws. Sporting Kansas City won seven straight in 2012.
Winning sure makes the job easier for everyone.
"The victories, of course, allow you to be able to correct things in a positive way, and that's very good," Savarese said. "But we have to stay focused that it's one match at a time."
Savarese coached the New York Cosmos for five seasons before coming to the Timbers in December. They replaced Caleb Porter, who led the team to the 2015 MLS Cup title before unexpectedly parting ways with the Timbers after last season.
Reigning league MVP Diego Valeri, who shares the team lead with five goals this season, said the team doesn't focus on streaks, bad or good.
"We don't think about the past. I think that's key," Valeri said. "Think about the next game and prepare well and perform for 90 minutes and improving on things that will make us better."
MATCH OF THE WEEK: The Columbus Crew face Toronto FC in a rematch of last season's Eastern Conference championship. The Reds advanced to the MLS Cup final with a 1-0 victory on aggregate.
This season, the Crew haven't been scored on in a club-record 495 minutes, capped by last Sunday's 0-0 draw with Sporting Kansas City. It was the fifth straight shutout for Crew goalkeeper Zach Steffen.
Meanwhile, the league's reigning champions are struggling with a 3-7-1 record this season, and they're coming off a 1-0 loss to FC Dallas. But they've also been dealing with an unusual number of injuries.
"There are a lot of games left, we have a great team, a team that can win on many days but the reality is we are letting games slip away from us too consistently," Reds captain Michael Bradley said. "We have to respond in a big way now in this next stretch."
This is the second meeting between the two teams this season. The Crew won the first one 2-0 in Toronto.
PLAYER OF THE WEEK: Vancouver's Cristian Techera has been named the league's Player of the Week after scoring a hat trick in the Whitecaps' 3-3 draw with the New England Revolution last weekend.
It was the Uruguayan midfielder's first three-goal game in MLS.
US SOCCER BECKONS: Philadelphia Union sporting director Earnie Stewart will assume the new role of general manager for the U.S. men's national team, according to various reports.
One of their first duties will be to hire a new coach. Dave Sarachan has been interim coach since Bruce Arena stepped down following the Americans' failure to qualify for the World Cup in Russia.
Stewart, who was born in the Netherlands, has been with the Union for the past three seasons after serving as an executive for a pair of Dutch clubs.
A former midfielder, they made 101 appearances for the U.S. team. They also played for D.C. United as well as several Dutch teams.
Arkansas is making preparations for a series of executions that, as of late morning Monday, it is legally barred from carrying out. The state's attorneys are fighting to persuade judges to allow the executions — and to make the decision quickly.
The state had scheduled eight men to die over the course of 11 days, because one of the drugs it planned to use in the executions expires at the end of April. Gov. Asa Hutchinson said it wasn't clear whether the state could acquire addition supplies of the sedative midazolam.
Two of the executions had been stayed individually before all eight of them were blocked by a state judge and a federal judge.
The state judge's decision, reached Friday, was based on how Arkansas acquired another drug — vecuronium bromide, which is used in anesthesia as well as executions. A pharmaceutical supplier alleges that the state bought the drug deceptively, actively misleading the seller about what it would be used for.
That decision "stirred a wave of consternation and threats on social media from state lawmakers and conservatives," member station KUAR noted on Saturday — because shortly before the decision, the judge was photographed protesting the death penalty at the gates of the Governor's Mansion.
The federal judge's decision on Saturday, meanwhile, was in response to a lawsuit on behalf of the inmates that argued an execution with midazolam would violate their rights. Midazolam has been used in a number of high-profile botched executions, including instances where inmates did not appear to be fully sedated when they received the painful second and third drugs in the cocktail. The suit argued there was an unacceptably high risk they would suffer during the executions.
The judge determined that their concerns were sufficient to halt the executions for the time being, to allow the issue to be considered by the courts.
Hutchinson and state Attorney General Leslie Rutledge have been pushing to carry out the executions anyway. But they are on a tight schedule: Executions were scheduled to begin Monday night, and if the legal proceedings take more than two weeks, the midazolam supply will have expired before any of the executions can take place.
The state has appealed both rulings and asked the higher courts to work quickly to review the decisions. The inmates on death row, meanwhile, have asked the courts to take the time and avoid a "rushed analysis."
As the legal battle plays out, the state's execution facility is prepared for a rapid reversal of the decisions.
If the rulings are overturned by Monday night, the state will be prepared to execute at least one inmate, according to local TV station KATV.
KATV, citing anonymous officials, reports that death row inmate Don Davis has been transferred to the unit where the state's Department of Corrections was preparing to carry out executions.
"Davis' exact schedule for the day is confidential but as part of the death protocol, they will be meeting with counsel and a spiritual advisor," KATV reports. "Authorities say a last meal has also been arranged."
Arkansas hasn't executed anybody for more than a decade, partly because of a series of legal challenges to the state's death penalty laws.
(AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit). Tourists are reflected in sunglasses on Maya Bay on Phi Phi island in Krabi province, Thailand, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to gi...
(AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit). A tourist jumps for a photo on the popular on Maya Bay on Phi Phi island in Krabi province, Thailand, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday...
By TASSANEE VEJPONGSA
Associated Press
MAYA BAY, Thailand (AP) - Once a pristine Thai paradise, the secluded bay made famous by the Leonardo DiCaprio movie "The Beach" has been exhausted by mass tourism. It's now getting a break from the daily influx of dozens of boats and thousands of visitors unsuccessfully scrambling for an unspoiled view of glistening white sands and emerald waters.
Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago. Thai authorities, who have promoted unfettered tourism but now claim to be striving to balance profit and conservation, say the closure will happen every year.
It's part of a rethink happening globally about unrestricted tourism that brings big dollars but damages historic sites, harms the environment and often alienates locals. Last month, the Philippines began a six-month closure of popular Boracay Island, whose waters President Rodrigo Duterte described as a "cesspool." Venice, the famed Italian lagoon city that lives off tourism, installed gates at two access bridges during a four-day holiday in April so it could turn back visitors if numbers became overwhelming.
Many of Thailand's marine national parks are closed from mid-May to mid-October during the monsoon season but because of Maya Bay's popularity, it hasn't had a break since a Hollywood crew set foot on its sands in 1999 to film the dark backpacker tale based on a novel by Alex Garland. Its corals have been decimated by the suffocating clouds of sand and sediment churned up by speedboats.
"I tried to push this campaign for many many years, but you know in Thailand we are a tourism industry country and we need a lot of money, so before not so many people listened," said Thon Thamrongnawasawat, a marine biologist and member of a government committee on development and the environment. "It should have been done 10 years ago but at least it has been done," they said.
Thailand had about 35 million international visitors last year, a five-fold increase in little more than two decades.
Shi Pengfei, among the last tourists to visit Maya Bay before its closure, said they had no idea that there would be so many people on the beach.
"I feel that there are so many people here," said Shi, from Henan, China. "The government's plan to close off the beach for a few months is only natural because the ocean needs a break, a chance to recover, so that the next generation can have a better and even more beautiful destination."
But locals aren't entirely happy. The head of Phi Phi Tourist Business Association, Watrapol Jantharo, said they were surprised when the closure was announced in March.
They said locals were under the impression that Maya Bay would only be closed to boats, while visitors would still walk to the bay from the other side of the island.
"We are not against protecting our environment," they said. "We know full well that Maya Bay is our important resource, like a rice field to a farmer, but we wish there are more communications about the government's plan before the decision was made."
Thon, however, said the plan was discussed with locals for three years before a decision was made.
"In the past, we made some mistake because we think that the money is very important. But now we are trying to change our idea," they said. Overseas visitors are "very important to our country, but the most important thing is our national resource. We have to preserve and hand it to the next generation."
The government has set a limit of 2,000 tourists a day when the bay reopens - about half the current number. Boats will no longer be allowed to anchor but must dock on the opposite side of the island.
"Now that the government has this plan, we can't change it. But we could use this opportunity to tell the world that we do not just have Maya Bay. There are 10 other beautiful beaches and islands around here that tourists can enjoy," said Watrapol.
Thailand's efforts to protect certain islands after decades of unregulated tourism began about three years ago.
Yoong Island, part of the Phi Phi island chain, and Tachai Island in the Similan Islands National Park, have been off-limits to tourists since mid-2016.
Thon, who surveyed both islands recently, said they were amazed by the results. Waters that were devoid of fish are now teeming, they said, and there is about 10,000 square meters (107,600 square feet) of newly recovered coral off one of the islands.
At Maya Bay, park rangers have been preparing a coral propagation program, attaching it to rocks that will be placed in the bay once the tourists are gone.
"We're almost certain that something good will happen in Maya Bay," Thon said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
AP Photo/Armando Franca
LISBON, Portugal (AP) — Borussia Dortmund squandered chance after chance, including a second-half penalty, before slumping to a 1-0 defeat at Benfica in their first leg match of the Champions League's Round of 16 on Tuesday. Kostas Mitroglou scored shortly after halftime and goalkeeper Ederson made some key saves afterward to help Benfica hold on for victory at the Stadium of Light. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang missed the penalty in the 58th minute, when their shot was stopped by the Brazilian goalkeeper. “That's only possible in football, to play this well and to still lose,” Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel said. “Luckily, there's a return leg for such games. It is an extremely complicated result, but I am very proud of how we played tonight. Even though I am very disappointed, I am proud of how we presented ourselves.” Benfica will be looking to reach the quarterfinals for the second straight season in the second leg on March 8 in Germany. In the other Round-of-16 match on Tuesday, Paris Saint-Germain stunned Barcelona 4-0 in the first leg in France. Mitroglou broke the deadlock following a corner early in the second half after a header by defender Luisao, who was making their 500th appearance for Benfica. Mitroglou's initial effort was parried by goalkeeper Roman Burki but the striker was able to bundle home the loose ball. It was Benfica's only attempt on target the entire match. “We fought, gave our best, and victories are also made of that,” Benfica coach Rui Vitoria said. “Congratulations to Ederson too, a keeper who showed their quality once again, this time against a team that scored so many goals in the group stage.” Dortmund's attack had thrived in the group phase, setting the competition's all-time scoring record with 21 goals in six games, but it faltered in Lisbon even though the German side controlled possession throughout the game. “We should have and could have taken more from this game. We put in a top performance, we created many chances,” Dortmund midfielder Julian Weigl said. “A 1-0 defeat is not the best position for the return leg, but we play in our stadium and it is still possible.” Aubameyang's penalty was straight at the middle of the goal and Ederson was able to make an easy save. The goalkeeper had already made two great stops shortly after halftime, and after a long-range shot took a deflection off a defender in the 84th. “We knew that they had strong and quick players up front,” Ederson said. “They created a lot of difficulties for us but we were prepared.” Aubameyang had missed two other great opportunities with shots from inside the area, one in each half, and Ousmane Dembele nearly scored in the first half when their close-range shot was blocked in front of the goal. Benfica hasn't conceded in four home games and has won 13 of its last 16 matches, with only two losses. The Portuguese champion had to play without its top forward, Jonas, who didn't recover from a back problem. — More Champions League coverage: http://apne.ws/2lgcPZm
Comments
comments
We recently put together a gallery about all the wagons, crew cabs, and campers from Viva Las Vegas and you guys absolutely loved it so we've done it again. This time we brought you a collection of photos of all the people carriers that were out at the West Coast Kustoms Cruisn' Nationals at the Fair Park in Santa Maria, California. There was a little bit of everything there, but we can't remember the last time we've seen this many sedans turned into true kustoms in one place at one time.
There's something to be said about the practicality of customizing a car with extra room for passengers because then you have more room to invite friends along while you enjoy your ride. For a long time these more-doors were looked down on by the car community as being uncool, but if you take a look through this gallery you will be hard pressed to say these customized sedans and long roofs aren't head turners!
PHOENIX (AP) — A national meeting of Southern Baptists will consider condemning the political movement known as the "alt-right" amid an uproar over the denomination's commitment to confronting prejudice.
Leaders of the faith group initially refused to take up a proposal that they repudiate the political group that emerged dramatically during the U.S. presidential election, mixing racism, white nationalism and populism. Barrett Duke, a Southern Baptist leader who led a committee that decided which resolutions should be considered for a vote, said the resolution as originally written contained inflammatory and broad language "potentially implicating" conservatives who do not support the "alt-right" movement.
But the decision caused a backlash online and at the gathering in Phoenix from Southern Baptists and other Christians, especially African-American evangelicals. The denomination has been striving to overcome its founding in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders. Thabiti Anyabwile, a black Southern Baptist pastor, tweeted that "any 'church' that cannot denounce white supremacy without hesitancy and equivocation is a dead, Jesus denying assembly. No 2 ways about it".
Southern Baptist leaders responded late Tuesday night with a dramatic call for attendees to return to the assembly hall, then announced they would take up the proposal after all on Wednesday. It was a highly unusual move for the denomination's tightly choreographed conventions, underscoring the sensitivity of the issue and the alarm among leaders that their initial rejection of the proposal would be viewed as an unwillingness to fight racism. In encouraging the meeting to reconsider, Steve Gaines, president of the Southern Baptist Convention, said they wanted to send the message that "we love everybody on this planet."
The initial proposed resolution came from a prominent black Southern Baptist pastor, the Rev. Dwight McKissic, who had submitted the suggested statement to Duke's committee before this week's gathering. When the proposal was not presented Tuesday, McKissic made a direct, unsuccessful plea for reconsideration from the floor of the Phoenix meeting. They called the "alt-right" a symptom of "social disease," ''deceptive" and "antithetical to what we believe." Their resolution condemned Christians who attempted to use biblical teachings to justify white supremacy.
The new resolution that will be debated Wednesday states racism and white supremacy endure "in various white supremacist movements, sometimes known as 'white nationalism' or 'alt-right.'" Southern Baptists "decry every form of racism, including alt-right white supremacy as antithetical to the Gospel of Jesus Christ" and "denounce and repudiate white supremacy and every form of racial and ethnic hatred as of the devil," the proposed new resolution states.
The Southern Baptist Convention, based in Nashville, has 15.2 million members and is the largest Protestant group in the country. Leaders have repeatedly condemned racism in formal resolutions from past meetings and built new relationships with black Baptists.
Billy Levengood, a 32-year-old convention attendee from Oxford, Pennsylvania, said they will vote for the resolution, in part to help the denomination move beyond its origins. "We can't undo the slavery aspect, but we can do all we can to engage every person," Levengood said. "The Gospel is true for all of them."
But Daniel Brady, 66, a lifelong Southern Baptist from Flagstaff, said they would examine the language more closely before deciding their vote. They said they would support a less specific condemnation of racism, contending media sometimes categorize people as part of the "alt-right" based solely on whether they backed President Donald Trump. "We're always going to be called racists, as Southern Baptists," they said.
Ed Stetzer, a Southern Baptist speaker and executive director of the Billy Graham Center for Evangelism at Wheaton College in Illinois, said the committee in charge of resolutions should have revised the initial proposal and brought it to a vote.
"Southern Baptists need to speak to this issue," Stetzer wrote Wednesday in the evangelical magazine Christianity Today. They pointed to the denomination's history in the civil rights movement. "Too many Southern Baptists were on the wrong side of the fire hoses in Birmingham. They need to get on the correct side of the rising tide of racism," Stetzer wrote.
____
Wang reported from Phoenix. AP Religion Writer Zoll reported from New York.
This article originally appeared on the Motley Fool.
Last week, a disturbing video showed a United Continental (NYSE:UAL) customer being violently dragged off an oversold flight. Not surprisingly, this incident has caused outrage around the world and sparked calls to boycott United. It also has many people wondering how they can avoid being subjected to a similar experience.
Of course, most oversold situations are resolved in a far more civilized manner. However, it's always inconvenient to get involuntarily "bumped" from a flight. Moreover, every airline in the United States overbooks its flights at least some of the time.
All but one, that is. JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU) is the one holdout that chooses not to overbook its flights, to be more customer-friendly. Yet even JetBlue has to "bump" customers sometimes — and this has become a more frequent occurrence in the past year.
Overbooking is inevitable
There's a simple reason United Continental and most of its peers overbook their flights: Doing so is extremely profitable.
First, customers sometimes don't show up for their flights. Thus, on average, airlines can sell a few more seats than they actually have on the plane without running into trouble. Of course, they sometimes miscalculate, but the benefits of this strategy far outweigh the costs.
Second, airlines like United earn most of their profits from transporting business travelers, who tend to be less price-sensitive. If a business traveler is willing to pay a $1,500 walk-up fare for a flight from New York to Chicago, it makes sense for the airline to sell that customer a ticket even if the flight is already full. Most of the time, the airline can entice someone else to take a later flight by offering a voucher for several hundred dollars toward future travel.
Yet getting "bumped" is extremely rare
Despite the widespread adoption of overbooking, airlines don't have to bump customers against their will very often. Generally, when flights are oversold, airlines are able to find enough volunteers to take later flights by offering generous vouchers.
Indeed, airlines have a strong incentive to avoid involuntary denied boardings, especially when they don't have another way of getting the affected customers to their destinations quickly. In most situations, the Department of Transportation mandates that airlines provide cash compensation equal to 400% of a customer's one-way fare — up to $1,350 — if a customer who gets bumped reaches their or their destination more than two hours late (for domestic flights).
Thus, for every million passengers who flew United Airlines mainline flights in 2016, there were just 43 involuntary denied boardings. This was below the industry average of 62 involuntary denied boardings per million passengers.
Overbooking isn't the only reason you might get bumped
While overbooking is the main cause air travelers get bumped, it isn't the only one. Occasionally there may be a broken seat that can't be used. Sometimes stiff headwinds can force an airline to reduce the weight on a plane that's flying near the limit of its range.
With respect to last week's fiasco at United, still another issue came to light. The airline had to bump four paying passengers from the Chicago-to-Louisville flight to get crew members to Louisville who were needed there for a subsequent flight.
In JetBlue's case, involuntary denied boardings have soared lately for a different reason: aircraft changes. The 150-seat A320 is the backbone of JetBlue's fleet — the carrier has 130 of them — but in the past few years, the company has added a subfleet of 20 A321s configured with 200 seats.
Occasionally, a JetBlue A321 ends up out of service because of unplanned maintenance and the only substitute plane available is an A320. Given that the high-density A321 has 50 more seats than JetBlue's current A320 configuration, it's no wonder JetBlue usually can't find enough volunteers to give up their seats.
As a result, while JetBlue bumped only two passengers out of every million transported in 2015, it bumped 92 per million transported in 2016. This surge in involuntary denied boardings put it near the bottom of the industry on that metric last year — and way behind United
Chinese President Xi Jinping struck a strongly nationalistic tone in their closing address Tuesday to the annual session of the ceremonial parliament, saying China would never allow "one inch" of territory to be separated from it.
Speaking before the nearly 3,000 members of the National People's Congress who had earlier abolished term limits on their rule, Xi declared that the Chinese people were now "closer now than at any time in history to realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
"Maintaining national sovereignty, territorial integrity and complete unification of the motherland is the common aspiration of all Chinese," Xi said.
"In the face of national righteousness and the tide of history, all attempts or tricks aimed at dividing the motherland are doomed to failure," Xi said to loud applause. "All will receive the condemnation of the people and the punishment of history."
The Chinese people have the will and ability to "foil all activities to divide the nation" and are united in their belief that "every inch of our great motherland absolutely cannot and absolutely will not be separated from China," Xi said.
Referring to self-governing Taiwan, Xi said the mainland would continue outreach to advance the cause of "peaceful unification" with the island, whose 23 million residents are strongly in favor of maintaining their de-facto independent status.
The session had earlier approved a range of new appointments, including that of key Xi ally Wang Qishan as vice president. New ministers were also appointed and a law passed establishing a powerful new anti-corruption body to oversee the civil service.
Xi also invoked China's historical achievements in governance and culture and stressed the importance of national unity as it strove to reach new goals in poverty alleviation and economic development in coming years.
They stressed the absolute leadership of the ruling Communist Party — of which they are head — in all aspects of Chinese life, including over the 2 million-member armed forces.
Xi pledged to would lead China's 1.3 billion people into a brighter future based on its own socialist system, saying, "As long as we sincerely unite and work together, there will be no power that can stop the Chinese people from realizing their dreams!"
Xi pledged to expand the Belt and Road, their signature foreign policy initiative of building ports, bridges and railways connecting Europe with Asia — but in an apparent response to the project's critics, said China wasn't seeking hegemony.
"China's development does not pose a threat to any country," they said.
"Only those who habitually threaten others will look at everyone else as threats," Xi added.
This year's session has been dominated by the rubber-stamp body's historic move on March 11 to scrap a constitutional two-term limit on the presidency dating from 1982, enabling Xi, already China's most powerful leader in decades, to rule indefinitely.
While delegates overwhelmingly supported the move, critics and some analysts say it raises concerns about a return to one-man-rule — and greater political repression within an already highly controlled polity.
"There is a distinct danger now that there may well be a return to the Maoist style of leadership symbolized by the dissolution of collective responsibility and the concentration of power under one person," said Joseph Cheng, a long-time observer of Chinese politics now retired from the City University of Hong Kong.
The broad strokes of what Xi plans to do with these expanded powers were laid down over the weekend as they moved to appoint their trusted allies into key positions that appear, in part, set to further sideline Li, officially China's No. 2 leader.
One of them is Wang, reportedly an early acquaintance of Xi's and former anti-corruption czar who is expected to play a key role in managing trade tensions with the United States. The vice presidency is normally a ceremonial post but Wang's real standing can be seen in official events in which they are seated in eighth place in hierarchical order after the seven-man, all-powerful Politburo Standing Committee.
Another is longtime Xi adviser Liu He, who was appointed as one of four vice premiers and is expected to oversee a broad range of economic and financial issues.
Chief among Xi's priorities is controlling financial risk without derailing the economy. Regulators have been warning about ballooning debt that caused international ratings agencies to cut China's credit rating last year.
"He knows that if there's a financial crisis it will damage their credibility and legitimacy very much because they have no one else to blame," Cheng said. "People will blame him."
Officials were coordinating rescue and recovery efforts conducted by the armed forces and the Red Cross, and the government ordered people living in vulnerable areas on hilltops or close to the coastline to move to safer ground. Boats were warned to halt all sea travel because of the “life threatening” situation created by the heavy downpour.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The exact death toll was unknown, said Francis Languba Kellie, the director of the Office of National Security, and the count was expected to rise. They said emergency workers were trying to rescue survivors as more bodies were turning up.
“Our efforts is to look for more survivors, but so far all we see is dead bodies,” Mr. Kellie said.
On Monday, residents of the Kaningo neighborhood on the west side of Freetown were going about the gruesome task of collecting the dead even as floodwaters had yet to recede — one body was retrieved from up a tree. The neighborhood was among the hardest hit by rampaging floodwaters, which washed away a bridge and left homes caked in mud and debris. Boxes, plastic containers and furniture were scattered among the homes in the neighborhood, and residents' belongings were stuck in tree branches and on rooftops.
Young people used ropes to retrieve some bodies from the fast-running water, according to witnesses. Many of the victims were children, they said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Several bodies were piled up on a soccer field in the neighborhood, waiting to be taken to the mortuary.
Alimamy Zachariah Barrie, a resident of Kaningo, said more than 15 ambulances were on hand to transport the dead.
“They have retrieved over 50 bodies so far,” said Mr. Barrie, who added that many people were also seriously injured. Other residents had complained that there were not enough ambulances to transport the injured.
In another neighborhood of the capital, Regent, the rain caused a massive mudslide that killed seven members of the same family, including children, when the two-story building in which they lived collapsed.
Elsewhere in the city, several people were stuck in vehicles surrounded by floodwaters. Local television broadcast images of people standing on rooftops waiting to be rescued. Some homes were submerged, and many properties were flattened altogether.
Click image for a larger image
Confirmation of the change will align all the major events of the sport – the Volvo Ocean Race, Vendée Globe, America's Cup and Olympic Games – in a non-conflicting calendar for the first time ever.
Volvo hopes that the change will provide more continuity and more commercial value for professional sailing teams, sponsors and Host Cities.
The next VOR, the 2017-18 edition starts 22 October from Alicante and will finish at the end of June next year in The Hague, Netherlands.
The three races after that will run 2019-20, 2021-22 and 2023-24 and the tender process for Host Cities is now open for all three editions.
This change, coupled with the new mix of stopover formats and additional inventory, aims for a better value proposition and flexible options, for the bidding cities around the world.
Over the last 20 years, the Volvo Ocean Race has expanded massively from the early routes that made as few as three stops around the world.
The race now visits many more markets that are important to both stakeholders and fans and in 2017-18 the route takes in a total of 12 Host Cities.
Recent editions of the race have attracted criticism that it was losing media/spectator interest as to wound its way around the world and lacked racing continuity.
By reducing the cycle, it won't be necessary to go to all commercially important markets in every edition.
This means that organisers will be able to choose routes that provide the right balance between the sporting integrity of the race and commercial value.
The race is making a firm commitment to visiting North America, South America, Australasia, China, and at least five major European markets at the very minimum once every other edition (and in some cases every edition).
Thus making it easier for two-cycle sponsor commitments to be made to teams before fully detailed final routes are fixed.
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
Gerald New - Sailweb
14 June 2017 10:57 GMT
An employee of a cable operator was arrested in West Bengal's Serampore town for allegedly uploading obscene photos of women on Facebook, police said on Wednesday.
At least six complaints were lodged at Serampore police station in Hooghly district over the past few days of snaps of women being taken at railways stations, roadside eateries, offices, without their knowledge and then posted on a specific Facebook account containing obscene images.
“If the culprit is not given exemplary punishment it will be difficult for us to set foot outside our homes. They have snapped the photos of not only college girls but of working women as well. Even women standing at bus stand have been taken,” said a victim.
“I got to know from my friends that my picture has been posted in a fake account without my knowledge. But when I understood when the photo has been taken, I filed a police complaint,” said another victim.
Even those who have no knowledge of the social networking site have been spending agonising moments after learning that their images feature on the Facebook account.
On inquiry, police found that some of the women were snapped while paying the bills for cable television.
According to a police officer, it was a clear case of cyber crime and four persons were identified.
On Wednesday night, police arrested a youth employed with a local cable television operator.
A new club in Akron wants music lovers to gather around a turntable and listen to their favorite albums from start to finish. For this week's Shuffle, The Devil Strip Magazine's music editor Brittany Nader says the group wants to make listening to music a social activity again:
Shuffle: The Devil Strip's Brittany Nader on vinyl listening Clubs
"It's like a book club for vinyl," Nader says.
A group is starting to meet twice a month at Akron's Firestone Park library branch. They want people to bring some albums along with copies of the cover art, liner notes and lyrics. And they'll listen to the album as a group from start to finish.
Nader says in the digital music era, people have stopped listening to complete albums and talking about them. "Anybody can listen to a clip of a song or watch a YouTube video and post a comment about it online and then they're done," Nader says.
Bridging generations
The vinyl club says so far, it's been mostly an older crowd attending the events. But, it's opportunity for generations to connect.
“They're the people who grew up listening to these records who never stopped listening or there's the people who maybe stopped but then picked it up again for nostalgic purposes. But then there are millennials who think vinyl is cool and hip and a lot of artists are releasing their music on vinyl."
What album should you bring to a vinyl listening club?
Nader says the group's founder, Mike Bianchi, advises sticking with a classic, like Neil Young's Harvest.
“It's an album that a lot of people have heard. But when was the last time these people have heard every single track one after another and really listened to it as a whole?”
Nader says the vinyl clubs can bring music lovers together.
“There's a lot of people who love music and there's a ton of people who collect vinyl. So why not get out of your house, get together and meet these other like-minded individuals? It's a good community-oriented group."
The Senate is holding a hearing on yet another corruption case this week, but there may be a reversal of fortune of sorts for previous Senate “visitor” and so-called “pork-barrel queen” Janet Lim Napoles – courtesy of no less than the Office of the Solicitor General (OSG).
Last Jan. 11, or just six months into the Duterte administration, the new crew at the OSG filed with the Court of Appeals a “manifestation in lieu of rejoinder” recommending the acquittal of Napoles for the crime of serious illegal detention of their second cousin, whistleblower Benhur Luy. Court documents obtained by PCIJ show that the appeals court received the manifestation on Jan. 20.
Luy is a state witness in the plunder cases against Napoles. On April 14, 2015, a Makati trial court convicted and sentenced Napoles to reclusion perpetua or 40 years in jail for forcibly detaining Luy first in a retreat house and then in their own home from December 2012 to March 2013.
ADVERTISEMENT
Then President Benigno S. Aquino III meanwhile put up a P5-million bounty for the capture of Napoles' brother and co-respondent in the case, Reynaldo ‘Jojo' Lim.
Napoles is now serving their life sentence at the Correctional Institution for Women in Mandaluyong City, while their brother Jojo Lim remains at large.
Accused vs state witness
Luy, who was employed in Napoles's JLN Group of Companies, had testified that Napoles and Lim had detained them in two places to prevent them from revealing to authorities how they used bogus nongovernment organizations (NGOs) to get billions of pesos of pork barrel funds from dozens of lawmakers, for fake projects. Napoles, however, has always maintained that they had not had them kidnapped.
Three former senators are now facing plunder charges for the alleged misuse of their pork barrel funds using the fake NGOs of Napoles as beneficiaries, supposedly in exchange for fat kickbacks. A special audit report on the pork barrel disbursed from 2007 to 2009 that the Commission on Audit (COA) released in August 2013 also indicates that at least a hundred former and current members of the House of Representatives may have abused the system and received kickbacks from Napoles.
The discovery of the supposed collusion between Napoles and their bogus NGOs and many lawmakers to defraud the government of taxpayers' money even led the Supreme Court in November 2013 to declare as unconstitutional the allocation of pork barrel monies to legislators.
Modus vivendi
Five legal experts inside and outside government were queried separately by PCIJ on the OSG's manifestation regarding Napoles's illegal detention case. Speaking on condition of anonymity, they agreed that while it may not for now have a direct impact on the pork barrel cases pending before the Sandiganbayan, questions might be raised about the integrity of Benhur Luy's testimonies in the illegal detention case, and against Napoles.
The question of common concern to the five lawyers interviewed by PCIJ is this: Has the Duterte administration forged a modus vivendi with Janet Lim Napoles, and for what reasons and purposes?
The five lawyers are also unanimous about one thing: They say the OSG's manifestation heralds a policy shift in how the Duterte administration wants to deal with Napoles, Luy, other state witnesses, and the lawmakers who had been indicted in the plunder cases involving the misuse of pork-barrel funds now pending trial before the Sandiganbayan.
Commented one of the lawyers: “The SolGen has taken positions before against the state, but often in minor cases, criminal and civil. This one is unusual because the SolGen has taken the side of the appellant, and against state witnesses in the pork barrel cases. This makes the SolGen manifestation significant. Most judges tend to favor the SolGen in cases like this one.”
Curiously, though, relevant senior officials in the Office of the Ombudsman, the Supreme Court, and the Office of the Executive Secretary expressed surprise when asked by PCIJ if they had previous knowledge about the OSG's manifestation regarding Napoles's illegal-detention case. All said they knew nothing about it and separately described the move of the OSG under Duterte as “dangerous,” “alarming,” and “shocking.”
Solicitor General Jose C. Calida, Assistant Solicitor General Henry S. Angeles, and Associate Solicitor Armand V. Morales had submitted the manifestation to the Court of Appeals. Calida's signature does not appear in the document, but government lawyers say it is impossible for Calida not to know about the manifestation. Angeles is also currently serving as Calida's chief of staff.
‘No liberty deprived'
The OSG's 10-page manifestation dated Jan. 11, 2017 was apparently triggered by a “reply brief” from Napoles dated Sept. 20, 2016 – or barely four months earlier — where “the appellant reiterated their argument that the essential element of deprivation of liberty is absent and wanting in this case.”
“After examining anew the evidence presented by both the prosecution and defense,” the manifestation said, “the OSG finds that the evidence presented does not support beyond reasonable doubt that the appellant committed the crime of serious illegal detention.”
It also explained why the Solicitor General was now disfavoring state witness Luy in the illegal detention case.
“At this juncture,” the OSG said in the manifestation, “it may be significant to point out that the Solicitor General shares in the task and responsibility of dispensing justice and resolving disputes.  They are similarly a servant of the law, the two-fold aim of which is that guilt shall not escape or the innocent suffer (sic).”
It continued, “And while the OSG is, by law, constituted the law office of the Government whose specific powers and functions include that of representing the Republic and/or the people, it is not prevented from taking a position adverse to that of its clients, the People of the Philippines included, whenever it finds the contention of the adverse party or an accused tenable.”
The OSG also cited the Supreme Court's ruling in one case, Orbos vs CSC, noting that “this is not the first time that the Solicitor General has taken a position against their clients, like the CSC, the National Labor Relations Commission, and even the People of the Philippines… the Solicitor General has recommended the acquittal of the accused in the appealed criminal cases.”
Filed, refiled by DOJ
Presiding Judge Elmo M. Alameda of the Makati Regional Trial Court Branch 150 had sentenced Napoles on April 14, 2015 to life in jail after a two-year trial. Napoles later raised their case to the 13th Division of the Court of Appeals soon and submitted their reply brief on September 20, 2016. In less than four months, the OSG – which receives on average of about 30,000 appeals on criminal cases a year – filed its “manifestation in lieu of rejoinder” recommending them acquittal.
Among other things, the OSG noted in its manifestation that on June 10, 2013 a special panel of prosecutors from the Department of Justice (DOJ) had recommended the dismissal of the Luy's complaint. The panel, after two months of investigation, reportedly found that Luy had “voluntarily stayed” at the priests' retreat house.
Judge Alameda, in their ruling on the case, had said the prosecution was able to establish that Napoles ordered Luy's detention when they discovered that they had started to transact business with certain lawmakers using their business model.
According to Luy, Napoles and their brother Reynaldo had kept them at Bahay ni San Jose, a Catholic retreat house in Magallanes Village, Makati City, occupied by priests, and then at the Pacific Plaza Towers in Taguig City, where the Napoles family resides.
Luy's rescue by agents of the National Bureau of Investigation Special Task Force (NBI-STF) from Napoles' posh residence in Taguig in March 2013 paved the way for an investigation of the use of fake NGOs as beneficiaries of the pork-barrel funds of certain legislators.
Benhur's conduct
The NBI and Luy filed a serious illegal detention case against Napoles and Lim in March 2013, but as the OSG pointed out in its recent manifestation, a DOJ panel dismissed it three months later. The NBI then filed a motion for reconsideration, which had the DOJ refiling on Aug. 13, 2013 the case of serious illegal detention against Napoles and Lim. This in turn prompted the issuance of warrants of arrest against the two.
But in its manifestation for Napoles's acquittal in the serious illegal detention case filed by Benhur Luy, the OSG said, “The conduct and behavior of Benhur Luy during the period of their alleged detention belie the fact that they were detained or deprived of their liberty, contrary to the findings of the trial court in its April 14, 2015 decision.”
The OSG manifestation gave weight to the testimony of a priest identified as Fr. Peter Edward Lavin, who on Oct. 30, 2013 had said in court that Luy had never hinted or mentioned that they were being restrained or deprived of their liberty.
The OSG also cited the sworn statements of two security personnel of the condominium building of Napoles where Luy was rescued by NBI-STF agents that Luy had supposedly shouted at their brother that they had not been kidnapped.
As additional ground for Napoles' acquittal, the OSG noted the statement of the NBI-STF team leader that Luy was not physically restrained when they came looking for him, and that Lim was not armed or accompanied by bodyguards during the rescue operation.
The OSG argued as well that the building's CCTV footages lent incontrovertible support to the testimonies of these witnesses.
DU30 on Napoles
Interestingly, just weeks before Napoles' lawyers filed their “reply brief” in September 2016, President Rodrigo Duterte themselves had brought up the notorious business person's case at a press conference in Davao City.
In their hometown on Aug. 21, 2016, Duterte told the media there that while some lawmakers had been indicted in the Napoles-led pork-barrel scam in 2013, it was “not enough vindication for the Filipino people.”
“I would now raise again the Napoles issue,” media reports quoted the President as saying. “There are a lot of billions and billions of pesos lost. We have been able just only to put several lawmakers inside but only because the charge, the accusation is non-bailable.”
“Let us revisit the Napoles case,” Duterte said. “I have some revealing things to tell you about it. You just wait, but I will…if that is the only thing that I have to do until the end of my term, I will do it, for I shall have done a singular task, giving you the truth about the government.”
“The Napoles case should deserve a second look,” Duterte said, “for it also involves corruption and (Senator Leila) de Lima.”
Impact on pork cases?
For sure, the OSG is now giving the case more than a glance. Referring to the OSG's manifestation, one of the legal experts queried by PCIJ remarked, “This is dangerous because of the indirect impact on (pending) pork cases, especially since Benhur talked because they were supposedly being detained illegally. This is not enough, of course, to set Napoles free, but doubt has been cast on the credibility of Benhur. Still, the illegal detention happened after Benhur acquired info on the pork transactions, so they can insist on their credibility about these matters. The problem is, public perception could turn against them because of this manifestation.”
A lawyer who had been part of the COA special audit team on the PDAF cases agreed with this view, noting, “Benhur gave a lot of documents kasi. Certainly, the indirect impact of this is to question their credibility, and that of the other witnesses. That might be the point of this manifestation.”
Still, the lawyer said, “A manifestation, from a lawyer's point of view, does not always overturn or affect the court's decision. This can be appealed to the (Supreme Court).”
Yet another lawyer – a government prosecutor – predicted that even with the manifestation, “(Napoles) stays in jail for the pork cases.”
The prosecutor added, “There was a time they wanted to tell all na. Maybe that is the modus vivendi, for them to tell all on politicians they (administration) don't like.” – PCIJ, February 2017
Little munchkin Taimur Ali Khan, who steals our heart with their cuteness, was out with their family when they were captured in their shirtless avatar. The star kid has taken the internet by storm by their adorable photos as they were out with daddy Saif Ali Khan and mommy Kareena Kapoor Khan enjoying a nice day-out. The little munchkin, along with their parents, was accompanied by aunt Soha Ali Khan, their husband Kunal Kemmu, and their little babydoll Inaaya.
One of the most lovable and charming star kid, Taimur Ali Khan, who steals away all the attention with their cute smile, striking eyes, and innocent expressions, was spotted with daddy Saif Ali Khan and mommy Kareena Kapoor Khan enjoying a nice day-out. The little munchkin, along with their parents, was accompanied by aunt Soha Ali Khan, their husband Kunal Kemmu, and their little babydoll Inaaya. Both the little cupcakes were looking absolutely adorable as they were posing with their parents. However, it was little Nawab Taimur Ali Khan who stole the show the shirtless picture of the little cupcake has made everyone go gaga over him!
In the picture, we see shirtless Taimur Ali Khan wearing navy blue shorts as they are relaxing in Daddy Saif Ali Khan's lap. The star kid is giving breath-taking expressions to the camera and their pictures while suns soaking has gone viral on social media in no time. Earlier this week, the cupcake was seen enjoying a day out with father Saif Ali Khan in a park and the father-son combination was absolutely adorable! Saif returned to Mumbai recently from their shoot in Rajasthan and seems like Taimur was way too excited to see their darling daddy.
Recently, actor-turned-author Soha Ali Khan revealed that they get worried when Taimur is alone with Inaaya and said, “ Taimur is at an age where they want to explore everything.  They are now able to hold things, their grip is getting stronger.  They are also into snatching things and throwing them away. Inaaya is too small now and so we are constantly scared to have them too close to each other. Especially Bhai (Saif) gets really worried whenever Taimur tries to get closer to where Inaaya is.”
ALSO READ: Taimur Ali Khan's adorable day out with daddy Saif Ali Khan; see photos | Kangana Ranaut opens up about their love life; says I was always the one who got dumped
ALSO READ: Brahmastra: Mouni Roy has found their ‘Best Boy-friend' in Ayan Mukerji; see photo
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
For those who pay attention to what politicians are up to on taxes, consider that since 2015, the focus has mostly been on raising them. From Atlantic Canada to Alberta, British Columbia and federally, new brackets were invented and other rates raised; in addition, new and higher taxes are yet to come including a federal carbon tax.
Even the new Progressive Conservative government of Brian Pallister in Manitoba, elected last year on opposition to a sales tax increase by the previous government, is toying with new taxes, including a carbon tax and higher taxes on insurance products.
One rare exception to this flurry of higher tax activity was in 2016 when the federal government dropped the rate for one middle income bracket, to 20.5 per cent from 22 per cent.
Middle-class Canada takes a hit
Regrettably, as the Fraser Institute discovered last week, that change wasn't enough to offset the removal of many boutique tax credits. The net result was that 81 per cent of middle class taxpayers saw their taxes rise, and on average pay $840 more annually. Couples with children will pay $919 more, every year, on average.
This tax-the-middle-class-more reality contrasts with the political rhetoric we hear from federal and provincial politicians, who have talked up their fealty to middle class finances.
So how can Canadians reverse this assumption, widely held on the part of the political class, that raising taxes is a safe policy? Answer: Press for the return of the $10,000 Tax Free Savings Account, and do so in a high-profile way that politicians can't ignore.
On the TFSA, recall that in 2016 the new Liberal government in Ottawa dropped the annual amount Canadians could invest in their TFSAs to just $5,500 (where the limit remains now) from $10,000.
There was little reason for the Grinch approach to personal and family savings. It was especially egregious given that the new government also committed to raise Canada Pension Plan premiums. In other words, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Finance Minister Bill Morneau were happy to force Canadians to save more for retirement through the CPP, but not allow us to do so through the freedom of our TFSAs.
Remember MTV's ‘I want my…'?
This contradiction needs to be challenged. It's time for advocacy groups, think tanks, opposition parties and taxpaying Canadians to borrow from that 1980s-era slogan for MTV and tell their elected leaders, clearly and forcefully: “I want my $10,000 TSFA (back)!”
An obvious choice to lead this type of national campaign is the Canadian Taxpayers Federation which regularly spars with governments on tax matters. Another organization, the C.D. Howe Institute, avoids outright advocacy, but it would be a natural fit to repeatedly and publicly raise the idea of a return to the $10,000 TFSA. It was, after all, the C.D. Howe Institute that first came up with the TFSA concept and, critically, Finance Minister Bill Morneau was once a board chair of that same think tank.
But whether it's a taxpayer advocacy group, a policy institute, a coalition akin to the one now fighting proposed changes to private corporations, opposition Conservatives and New Democrats, or even a more tax-reduction friendly government such as Quebec, the idea of a $10,000 TFSA should be a positive rallying point for many reasons.
For one, total taxes as a percentage of Canada's economy are higher now than they were in the 1970s, the last time a Trudeau was in office. Back then, total taxes and fees as a percentage of GDP never rose above 38.1 per cent of the economy. At one point, early in Pierre Trudeau's reign, that figure was 35.2 per cent.
In contrast, in 2015, the most recent year for which statistics are available, the figure was 38.6 per cent. Given the multiple tax hikes in 2016 and 2017 and perhaps even more to come in 2018, I suspect that percentage will grow. As will tax fatigue and a desire for taxpayer-friendly policies.
That statistical reality and the apparent political presumption that Canadians—whether high income or middle income—are potential sheep to be sheared, means a campaign to revive the $10,000 TFSA might be popular.
Arguments against a $10,000 TFSA limit are weak
Two objections will be raised to a $10,000 TFSA limit.
One is that not every Canadian will take advantage of the $10,000 contribution. But this matters less than the possibility that some Canadians will use such room; that allows those individuals and families to better save for retirement or other expenses. That makes their lives easier, which should be the ostensible goal of politicians across the political spectrum.
Another counter-argument will be that in an era of massive deficits, governments cannot afford to lose any tax revenue. This was one claim advanced by the Parliamentary Budget Office ahead of the original decision by the Stephen Harper government to raise the TFSA limit to $10,000 in the first place.
The logic of that objection is weak. The “loss” of tax revenue from non-taxable capital gains won't show up for years and decades in any substantial way.
The PBO's 2015-era estimate of the revenue loss to governments (or better stated, the gain for taxpayers) from a $10,000 TFSA was $550 million by 2020, rising to an extra $3.1 billion by 2030. Governments have plenty of time to balance their books to prepare for such “losses”. Start with cuts to corporate welfare and reform of compensation f government employees. After that, there will be room aplenty for minor revenue “losses” from non-taxable TFSA gains in years ahead.
Ultimately, those who object to a $10,000 TFSA place the responsibility on the wrong people: taxpayers in general, who are expected to fund any and all politically-desired expenditures. Instead, the obligation should be on politicians to more carefully control their spending: With apologies to MTV, I want my $10,000 TFSA (back)! I suspect many other Canadians do as well.
Mark Milke is author of Tax Me I'm Canadian: Your Money and How Politicians Spend It.
A jaguar's brutal battle with a yellow anaconda has been captured by a wildlife photographer along a riverbank in South America.
Chris Brunskill was on a boat along the Cuiabá River in the western Brazil state of Mato Grosso when they witnessed the rare encounter.
The UK-based photographer said they were “very fortunate” to witness the “incredible” jaguar v snake encounter.
“This is by far the rarest of rare events in the life of the jaguar and I know of several people who have spent twenty years or more on the river and not had the good fortune to see what I saw last week,” they recalled.
“On this day we had left the hotel late due to rain and only pulled off from the jetty just after 9:30am on a cold, cloudy day.
View photos The jaguar attacks the yellow anaconda Credit: Chris Brunskill Ltd/ Getty More
“Ten minutes up river we spotted a jaguar walking in the open along the top of the riverbank when something in a patch of long grass caught them attention. I was only half paying attention at this point when they flicked their paw into the grass and out came an anaconda!”
They explained the rivals fought for around 90 seconds in a battle to the death, with the “snake lunging at the jaguar several times” during the confrontation.
View photos The cat spotted the snake resting on the riverbank and chased it into the shallow waters Credit: Chris Brunskill Ltd/Getty More
“It immediately fled from the jaguar who promptly chased it down the bank into the shallow water at the river's edge,” they added.
“With both the cat and the snake clearly visible, I had the unique opportunity to shoot as they fought for close to ninety seconds in the open, in good light on a fairly calm river, just metres from my boat.”
View photos The jaguar eventually won the battle Credit: Chris Brunskill Ltd/Getty More
But the jaguar was the winner of the contest after several ferocious bites to the snake's mid-section.
“The snake managed to bite it on the nose more than once before it was eventually subdued by the big cat,” they added.
“With the reptile's strength fading, the jaguar bit through its tail before jumping back up the riverbank with the stunned anaconda dangling from its mouth.”
You can follow Chris Brunskill on Facebook.
The Board of Cricket Control for India (BCCI) on Saturday announced cash rewards for U-19 World Cup winning team. While Indian coach Rahul Dravid will get Rs 50 lakh for nurturing the team on their way to the title, all the members of the World Cup winning team will ger Rs 30 lakh each. Members of the support staff would also be earning Rs 20 lakh each. India have clinched the U-19 World Trophy for a record fourth time by beating Australia by eight wickets.
Following India's glorious title win in U-19 World Cup, the Board of Cricket Control for India (BCCI) has announced cash rewards for the winning team, coach and support staff. India's U-19 coach, Rahul Dravid who played a pivotal role in the victory and is being hailed by everyone would be given Rs 50 lakh. All the team members would be getting Rs 30 lakh each, while the support staff would be awarded Rs 20 lakh each by the board. Earlier in the day, India clinched the U-19 World Trophy for a record fourth time by beating Australia by eight wickets in the summit clash.
Australia, who were batting first, scored 216 runs in their 50 overs. India easily chased down the target in 38.5 overs. Delhi lad Manjot Kalra was adjudged Man of the Match for their splendid century (101 not out off 102 balls). With this win, India also surpassed Australia's record of most title wins in U-19 World Cup. Following the team's win, the Committee of Administrators (COA) head Vinod Rai showered praises upon the team and hoped they will achieve greater heights in future.
“I congratulate the U19 team who have made the country proud. Head Coach Rahul Dravid played their cricket with sincerity and it was pleasing to see the boys uphold the value. They have been fantastic athletes and even better ambassadors. The boys have done so well, and I am sure they will work hard and climb the ladder and represent the senior team in the future,” a delighted Vinod Rai said after team's victory.
The spectacle of former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak being hauled to court to face corruption charges gripped Malaysians and marked a historic moment in the nation's politics.
Najib, who until recently was at the apex of power in the Southeast Asian country, now must face the ignominy of defending themselves against accusations of corruption.
The massive graft scam involving the state-run multibillion-dollar 1MDB fund, tarnished Najib's reputation and many believe it played a major role in their party's defeat in recently held elections, which upended the nation's political landscape.
On Wednesday, Najib pleaded not guilty to three charges of criminal breach of trust and a fourth for abuse of power. They have been released on bail and was ordered to surrender their two diplomatic passports. Their trial will begin in February 2019.
The court also granted an interim gag order that Najib's lawyers requested. This would limit media coverage to only "the merits of the case," and hamper reporting on a high-profile story spanning six countries. Malaysian Attorney General Tommy Thomas, who leads a 12-member prosecution team, will file a formal response opposing the order.
The return of good governance?
Social media has been awash with posts and memes by Malaysians welcoming the news of the imminent trial of a leader who they see as having enriched themselves with public funds while tainting the country's image.
Many attribute the swift investigation and Najib's subsequent arrest to the current ruling party Pakatan Harapan's pre-election promise to deal with the 1MDB scandal.
"Truth be told, I believe that theirs being brought to justice was partly driven by public pressure. After all, it is us who put the current government in charge of running this country," Kuala Lumpur-based legal consultant, Madeleine D'Angelus, told DW.
Bridget Welsh, associate professor of political science and Southeast Asia expert at the John Cabot University, who is currently in Kuala Lumpur observing the proceedings, said that this case will also reinforce the issue of good governance — something that the public found lacking during Najib's tenure as premier.
"It is a precarious situation because it's a highly politicized arrest that shows that what goes around comes. It also shows that Malaysia is moving towards a cleaner process and there's a lot of hope. People are pleased. For many Malaysians, Najib betrayed the public's trust," they told DW.
Read more: Malaysia says seized items in ex-premier probe valued at €234 million
Death knells for corruption?
Described as the "world's biggest financial scandal," the 1MDB issue laid bare the rampant and deep-rooted corruption within the Malaysian government and some of the external bodies associated with it.
"The problem of corruption is endemic in Malaysia — it's not just within politics but also businesses. So this is the beginning of a very important step and sends a signal that leaders are accountable and cannot misuse public funds. It moves Malaysia in the right direction to clean out the dirt," said Welsh.
Others see Najib's prosecution as a warning to members of the current Pakatan Harapan government under Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, as well as future administrations, to conduct their affairs transparently and not to the detriment of the electorate who voted them into office.
"There is already a new policy in place stating that gifts to government figures are to be kept to a minimum. If this is further strengthened by legislative developments and the guarantee of the independence of the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC), then I am confident that this will see the end of most corruption," Azmi Sharom, associate professor of law at University Malaya, told DW.
"Money politics, that is to say buying patronage and support, will probably go on in parties such as UMNO which, by their selection of [former deputy prime minister] Zahid Hamidi as their new president, have shown that they want to continue business as usual," Azmi added.
Read more: Malaysia election: People were 'disgusted with government's corruption'
Malaysia sets up task force to probe 1MDB scandal
Not going down alone
Both Najib and their supporters have contended that the charges against them are politically motivated. This places the onus on the current administration under Mahathir to not just establish a watertight case against Najib, but also to dispel rumors of political retribution.
Najib, who also held the finance portfolio during their tenure as prime minister, has previously claimed ignorance of any wrongdoing in the daily business of 1MDB.
"His name is on the documents and the money was in their bank account. The MACC wouldn't have arrested them without due cause. They have not rushed into it. It's been five weeks since they started conducting the investigations and counting the goodies," explained Welsh, adding that Najib is unlikely to go down alone.
"I would say that the directors involved in 1MDB will be affected as well. Other former ministers are coming forward too. There is a collective responsibility."
Azmi argues that the political consequences are not as important as the criminal consequences.
"The anti-money laundering law in Malaysia has a very broad range of offenses; anyone proven to have received money from 1MDB will be in serious danger of prosecution."
The neighbors are watching
Najib's arrest and imminent trial may also have international implications, which could prove discomfiting to some Southeast Asian nations.
"While Najib isn't the first leader to be arrested in Southeast Asia, their arrest makes history in Malaysia," said Welsh. "Among Southeast Asian neighbors, Singapore would be watching very closely as its [banking sector's] involvement with the 1MDB has not been fully divulged yet," said Welsh.
Azmi also believes that the prosecution could look to Malaysia's neighbors for cues on how to best navigate the unchartered territory of bringing high-ranking government officials to justice.
"In terms of battling corruption, Indonesia has made some impressive progress and could probably be a better example to look to," they told DW.
Read more: Malaysia's Anwar Ibrahim: from prisoner to prime minister-in-waiting
Reckoning ahead
Despite their jubilance that justice is finally being meted out, Malaysians are remaining rather pragmatic.
Fahmi Reza, political critic, street artist and documentary filmmaker, who was jailed last year for publishing a clown caricature of Najib, was among those following the proceedings in Kuala Lumpur.
"The arrest and prosecution brings us one step closer towards getting some justice, but the fight against corruption and kleptocracy is far from being over. We still have a long way to go if we want to end the culture of impunity and corruption in this country," Fahmi told DW.
In a prerecorded message to their fellow Malaysians posted on Twitter on Tuesday, Najib apologized and sought forgiveness from fellow Malaysians, adding that despite doing their very best "there were many weaknesses."
Najib also fired a salvo at the current administration. "Everyone is equal before the law," they said. "Not just in the world, but also judgment in the afterlife."
Acadia - Click image for a larger image
In the Corsairs Class, Elfje took the first gun, and after ORCsy time correction won the class, just 16 seconds ahead of Rebecca, with Spiip third.
In the Buccaneers Class, Acadia was the victor with Zig Zag taking second place, just 37 seconds ahead on corrected time from Maramar.
In the Buccaneers Class, the 90ft Hoek designed sloop Acadia executed a text book start, just one second shy of the line.
Acadia was launched in late 2016, and has beautiful classic lines, twin cockpits and a deckhouse leading to a rich mahogany interior. Acadia's traditional appearance is complimented by a lightweight aluminium hull and fin keel.
The carbon rig flies a full main, cutter-rigged foresails and a top-down furling asymmetrical headsail.
Danneskjold - Click image for a larger image
In the Corsairs Class, two magnificent sloops enjoyed an epic battle with the 112ft German Frers designed sloop Spiip getting the better of the duel in the latter part of the race.
The Bill Dixon designed 105ft Danneskjold was originally launched in 2009, and was the first Superyacht to use a telescopic keel.
Danneskjold's hull is made from advanced composites contributing to an impressive displacement of just 70 tonnes, and a minimalist deck layout enables slick manoeuvres.
America's Cup and multiple world champion Mike Toppa is part of an impressive crew.
Racing continues Friday 2 February with Race Two schedule.
Full results Superyacht Challenge Antigua
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
G New
2 February 2018 12:30 GMT
Almost all of the 33 European Environment Agency (EEA) member countries have drawn up a national climate adaptation strategy but only half have adopted a solid plan to put this into action.
That's according to a new report from the EEA, which reviews national climate change impact, vulnerability and risk (CCIV) assessments across Europe.
It says nearly all of its member countries have conducted at least one national CCIV assessment, with around two-thirds having identified concrete adaptation measures.
The report suggests common challenges during assessments include gaps in data, integrating quantitative and qualitative information and trying to compare diverse climate risks across different sectors.
The EEA says although national CCIV assessments provide a general overview and can assist in setting broad priorities, sub-national and local information is required for developing targeted measures.
Most of the countries surveyed said they needed further CCIV information to make well informed decisions and noted they intend to update their knowledge base, increase collaboration with other nations and use common metrics to reduce confusion.
This is the place to find all of OCVarsity's game stories, scores, photos, videos and more from the high school football games on Friday night, Oct. 6.
PHOTOS
OCVarsity Photos: The exciting action, great plays from Friday's football games
OCVarsity Photos: Orange County's most spirited football fans, teams
SCORES
Orange County football scores and stats for Friday (10-6-17)
VIDEOS
Friday Night Football Wrap-up Show for Week 6
STORIES
STORY: Mater Dei scores 10 TDs in highlight-filled win over Santa Margarita
STORY: Orange Lutheran upset bid falls short against St. John Bosco
STORY: Fisher helps JSerra reel in a big victory over Servite
STORY: LaValle takes over, makes sure Mission Viejo gets past Tesoro
STORY: Segerstrom collects gritty win over Ocean View
STORY: La Habra rises to challenge, shuts down Jung, Sunny Hills
STORY: Ground game gives El Toro extra push to pull away from Aliso Niguel
STORY: Macias does it all as Santa Ana pulls out win over Westminster
STORY: Canyon finishes strong, knocks off El Modena
STORY: Tustin leans on Carr to fend off Western's challenge
STORY: Welch takes control, rallies Fountain Valley to hard-fought win over Marina
STORY: Woodbridge survives nerve-wracking finish to beat Irvine
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) — Cambodia's Supreme Court has rejected an application for bail for an Australian filmmaker who was charged with endangering national security last year for flying a camera-loaded drone over an opposition party campaign rally.
James Ricketson, 68, was arrested in the capital Phnom Penh on June 3 after filming the last day of campaigning for local elections a day earlier. The government of Prime Minister Hun Sen has been critical of media it considers sympathetic to the opposition, and Ricketson often filmed the activities of the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party, which late last year was dissolved by a court ruling.
A Supreme Court statement Tuesday said the denial of bail was based on a decision made by a lower court according to the law.
Laura Poitras' travel nightmare began more than a decade ago when the award-winning filmmaker started getting detained at airports every time they tried to set foot back in the United States.
They were stopped without explanation more than 50 times on foreign travel, and dozens more times on domestic trips, before the extra searches suddenly stopped in 2012. Only now is Poitras beginning to unravel the mystery, which goes back to a bloody day in Baghdad in 2004.
Time after time, airport authorities searched their baggage, rummaged through their electronics and quizzed them for hours about their trips.
In Germany, they were told their name lights up "like a Christmas tree" when security officials scan flight rosters. In Austria, they were told their threat score was "400 out of 400."
At John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, their laptop, video camera, footage and cell phone were taken and held for 41 days. In Newark, New Jersey, a security officer threatened to handcuff them for taking notes with a ballpoint pen that they said could be used as a weapon.
"I asked for crayons because I thought that would be less threatening to them as a weapon," recounted Poitras, whose 2014 documentary film, "Citizenfour," about the National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden, won an Academy Award. "He denied me any kind of writing device."
Poitras, 53, knows U.S. government officials are not exactly fans of their politically sensitive work.
"Citizenfour" depicted Poitras and journalist Glenn Greenwald's rendezvous with Snowden in a Hong Kong hotel where they handed over classified material documenting NSA's widespread surveillance program. Them new film, "Risk," is about WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
Still, they never knew why the security delays started in 2006. They unsuccessfully sought answers from the Homeland Security Department. They finally took the government to court, filing Freedom of Information Act lawsuit in 2015 with help from the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a civil liberties advocacy organization.
Late last year, as a result of the suit, the government released more than 1,000 pages of documents to Poitras, which they shared with The Associated Press. The documents show for the first time that the U.S. government investigated Poitras on suspicion they might have been involved in an ambush that led to a U.S. soldier's death in Iraq in 2004.
On Nov. 20, 2004, Poitras was in Baghdad filming "My Country, My Country." The film depicts Iraqi elections from the perspective of an Iraqi doctor, who criticized the U.S. occupation yet hoped democracy would take root in their homeland.
Members of a U.S. Army National Guard unit from Oregon reported seeing a "white female" holding a camera on a rooftop just before they were attacked. David Roustum, 22, an Army National Guardsman from West Seneca, New York, was killed. Several troops were wounded. Some guardsmen who saw Poitras suspected they had a heads-up about the attack and didn't share that information with American forces because they wanted to film it. If true, Poitras would have broken U.S. criminal law.
Poitras called the allegation false and said they didn't film the attack.
"There is no ambush footage," Poitras told the AP. "That's the narrative that they created, but it doesn't correspond with any facts."
After the attack, a lieutenant colonel, whose name was redacted from documents, reported the woman with a camera to their superiors. No action was taken.
But after returning home, the lieutenant colonel was contacted by author John Bruning of Dallas, Oregon, who was interviewing guardsmen for a book about their experiences in Iraq. According to the government's documents, the author learned about the woman filming on the rooftop before the ambush.
In an email exchange on Jan. 15, 2006, Poitras confirmed to Bruning that they were filming in the area the day of the attack, but didn't think they could help the author with their research.
"I was staying in the house of an Iraqi family I was following so my record of the fighting is from the perspective of the family," Poitras wrote to Bruning. "I did not venture out onto the street that day — didn't seem like it would have been a good idea. So I really don't have a document of what took place on the streets."
Bruning told the lieutenant colonel that Poitras was the woman on the rooftop. The lieutenant colonel then informed the U.S. military that they could have been involved.
In February 2006, a military police agent from Fort Lewis, Washington, interviewed the lieutenant colonel and the author.
Bruning declined to speak to the AP about Poitras.
But in their sworn statement to military investigators, they said they believed Poitras had prior knowledge of the attack. They said Poitras was staying in a pro-Saddam Hussein neighborhood "and they were not in fear of their life or being kidnapped at a time when Western journalists were being abducted and executed."
Nevertheless, the Army Criminal Investigation Command at Fort Belvoir, Virginia, wrote a two-page letter shortly after to the FBI, saying the Army lacked sufficient evidence to charge Poitras.
It said: "A review by our legal staff of the information developed thus far revealed credible information does not presently exist to believe Ms. Poitras committed a criminal offense; however, this could quickly change if Ms. Poitras were to be interviewed and admitted they had knowledge of the ambush and refused to notify U.S. forces in order to further their documentary and media interest."
Poitras said they were never interviewed.
In May 2006, Army officials sent a summary of their investigation of Poitras to FBI headquarters in Washington.
The airport detentions and delays began shortly thereafter.
David Lapan, a Homeland Security Department spokesperson, said other agencies control who is flagged as a high-risk traveler. When people are flagged, they said, authorities must "put them through enhanced screening procedures. This is the reason for Ms. Poitras' repeated referrals to secondary screening." The FBI, which had investigated Poitras, declined to comment.
The detentions stopped abruptly six years later after a 2012 news article highlighted their travel problems.
Lapan said Poitras was deemed no longer of "significant interest." That allowed Customs in June 2012 to "discontinue its enhanced screening procedures," they said.
Poitras worries their ordeal will resume.
 They are seeking more information from the government. A federal judge in Washington ruled late last month the FBI hadn't provided adequate justification for withholding some information.
"I don't know if the investigation is ongoing," they said. "I don't know if it was ended or why it was ended."
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Multiple chances were missed to save a 3-year-old Wichita boy before they were found encased in concrete, a former Kansas welfare official said.
Dianne Keech, the Department of Children and Families deputy director from 2013 to 2015, said the "point of no return" was when the agency failed to call 911 last April after receiving a report that Evan Brewer had hit their head while taking a bath and "had no pulse" before being revived, The Wichita Eagle reported.
The person making the report said Evan and their mother, Miranda Miller, were domestic violence victims and that someone would "take life from them" before "bringing them back." Their mother's live-in boyfriend, Stephen Bodine, allegedly bragged about choking Evan and their mother and strangling the boy until they became unconscious, according to records that Keech reviewed after they were released earlier this month.
Keech said that instead of calling 911 and flagging the report to administrators as a "critical incident," it was placed on hold for six days. The case was closed April 28, records show. Evan's body was found in September, and Miller and Bodine are charged with murder.
"If they don't do the right thing there," Keech said, "it seals their doom. They never recovered from that point on."
Evan is the paternal grandson of former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer, a Democratic candidate for governor this year. Evan had been the subject of a custody battle for months between their mother and father, Carlo Brewer, who had contacted state officials and local police over the welfare of their son. Too often, DCF took the word of the 3-year-old's mother that they were OK, said Keech, who served on the state Child Death Review Board during part of their DCF tenure and now works as a child-protection consultant.
Keech counted six separate reports of abuse that the agency received from July 21, 2016, to May 14, 2017, before Evan's death. Them analysis shows the agency failed to adequately address all safety and risk concerns with five of the six reports. They also found that DCF failed to collect all relevant information in at least four of the six reports.
"This is not Monday-morning quarterbacking," Keech said. "This is how cases should be handled in the moment. I am reviewing this case based on investigative procedures that used to be standard for the agency."
Shayla Johnston, a Brewer family spokesperson and attorney, agrees with Keech that DCF failed. With anyone who looks at Evan's case, Johnston said, "you can agree that bureaucracy killed Evan."
DCF spokesperson Theresa Freed said the agency could not comment on the case.
"Given the Brewer family's stated desire to pursue litigation against the Kansas Department for Children and Families, we are not in a position to address each point alleged," they said in an email.
___
Information from: The Wichita (Kan.) Eagle, http://www.kansas.com
President Donald Trump threatened Iran with "much bigger problems than they have ever had before" if the country restarts its nuclear program.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The warning comes as the clock ticks down toward Trump's May 12 deadline on whether they will keep U.S. commitments to the nuclear deal and sign waivers for Iran sanctions – or let them snap back into place and possibly destroy the deal.
Trump made the comments in the Oval Office alongside French President Emmanuel Macron who is in town for a three-day state visit. Macron and other European allies are in an all-out effort to persuade Trump to stay in the agreement that they bashed again Tuesday as "a terrible deal."
"It's insane, it's ridiculous, it should've never been made – but we will be talking about it," Trump said, sitting next to Macron.
For their part, Macron tried to downplay the two leaders' differences on the issue: "Iran deal is an important issue. We will discuss that. But we have to take it as a part of a broader picture, which is security in the region."
"What we want to do is to contain the Iranian presence in the region, and the JCPOA is part of this broader picture," the French leader added.
Trump waived sanctions once again in January, but they warned it was for the last time, calling on European allies to make three fixes to what they see as the deal's flaws: sanctioning Iran's ballistic missile program, ramping up inspections of Iranian sites, and eliminating expiration dates for the limits on Iran's enrichment levels.
Since then, French, German, and British diplomats have been meeting with a State Department team to negotiate a side agreement, although they still have not reached a solution.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani delivered their own threat Tuesday, urging Trump to stay in the deal or face "severe consequences."
"I am telling those in the White House that if they do not live up to their commitments, the Iranian government will firmly react," Rouhani said in a speech broadcast live on state television.
Trump blasted Iran for destabilizing the region, saying, "Wherever there is trouble... Iran is behind it."
"What kind of deal is it where you're allowed to test missiles all over the place? What kind of deal is it when you don't talk about Yemen and you don't talk about all of the other problems with respect to Iran?" they added.
ABC News's Ben Gittleson contributed to this report.
A 70-year-old aristocrat is “interviewing hard” for young women willing to maintain their ancient homes and—presumably—churn out an heir or two. Catch is, he's a baronet, which is practically the bottom rung of the British nobility. Darling, no matter how appealing a 15th century manor house where Chaucer wrote part of The Canterbury Tales sounds, wouldn't you prefer to hold out for a viscount at the least?
Advertisement
The Daily Mail reports that Sir Benjamin Slade—described by their Wikipedia entry as a “right-wing business person and self-publicist”—is on the hunt for a vigorous young bride. They told the tab that they had split with their previous paramour, who is “50, so too old to have children.” And now, “I am interviewing hard. I have had a few proposals, but sometimes the women are past their sell-by date and have been over the guns a few times.”
“They have to be fit — I have two castles,” they added. “I am like a feudal prince when it comes to throwing parties.”
Advertisement
Such a charming pitch will surely be difficult to ignore! And your potential bridegroom endeavors to keep in the very best shape:
‘I've bought a back stretcher and hang upside down on it for five minutes every morning. It works wonders for the chin and neckline. I also have some “sky boots” with a hook in the top so I can hang upside down. ‘I have some Traynor pinhole glasses, which I wear for 20 minutes a day and they have really improved my eyesight. ‘I am also on the Genghis Khan diet, which is recommended for young lotharios and involves eating sweet potato, sunflower seeds and horny goat weed. ‘It was recommended by my French nephew, who is 70 and hasn't a single grey hair. And Genghis had 2,000 children.'
Slade has previously appeared in the news for offering £1,000 to anyone willing to kill the beavers they claimed were tearing up the grounds of their Somerset castle— “You get people shouting about how beavers are wonderful,” they told the Daily Mail, “But they're not, they are a nuisance. They eat the trees and strip them of their bark”—and also for the fact that a former partner ran off with the handyman. They also made the rounds in 2013 looking for someone to bear their heirs.
Perhaps better to marry someone “in trade” who can buy you your very own stately home when its owner's finances go tits up.
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says their organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior, they say.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, they say, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
MADRID (AP) — Police say they were called to investigate an altercation involving Diego Maradona and a woman at a hotel in Madrid.
Authorities said officers were dispatched Wednesday after a call from the hotel, but found no evidence of any disturbance after talking to Maradona and the woman.
Authorities said they couldn't confirm if the woman was a hotel guest or Maradona's girlfriend.
Spanish media on Tuesday released a video of Maradona threatening a reporter who tried to talk to them at the hotel in Madrid.
Maradona is in the Spanish capital to watch former club Napoli play Real Madrid in the Champions League.
James Alex Fields Jr., (2nd L with shield) is seen attending the "Unite the Right" rally in Emancipation Park before being arrested by police and charged with one count of second degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of failing to stop at an accident that resulted in a death after police say they drove a car into a crowd of counter-protesters later in the afternoon in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., August 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eze Amos
By Sheila Dang
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Online fund-raising sites are turning their backs on activists looking to offer financial support for James Fields, the man accused of driving their car into counter-protesters at a white-nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
GoFundMe, Kickstarter and other mainstream crowdfunding firms have policies that prohibit hate speech or abuse, the latest example of technology firms making it harder for far-right groups to organize online.
Fields is accused of killing one woman and injuring 19 others on Saturday after the rally in Charlottesville turned violent. Supporters of Fields, who was denied bail at a court hearing in Virginia on Monday, have turned to the internet to raise money for their legal defense.
GoFundMe, one of the two leading crowdfunding firms, said on Monday it has removed multiple fundraising campaigns for Fields, because the company prohibits the promotion of hate speech and violence.
"Those campaigns did not raise any money and they were immediately removed," said Bobby Whithorne, director of strategic communications at GoFundMe, adding that fewer than 10 campaigns have so far been posted. GoFundMe will continue to delete similar campaigns if more are created, they said.
Most mainstream crowdfunding sites, which let people fund projects or ventures by raising money online, have policies that prohibit campaigns that promote hate speech or violence.
Kickstarter, which vies with GoFundMe as the largest crowdfunding platform, said it also has a policy prohibiting hate speech or encouraging violence. It said its service focuses on creative projects and has not seen any campaigns related to Fields or the Charlottesville protest.
Indiegogo, a smaller rival, said it has a similar policy prohibiting campaigns that promote threatening or abusive behavior. It said it is monitoring campaigns but has yet to see any funds supporting Fields.
The block on mainstream crowdfunding is just the latest blow to far-right activists operating online. In the last 24 hours, neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer had its domain registration revoked twice, by GoDaddy Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google, for violating terms of service.
FORCED OUT OF MAINSTREAM
The rejection by mainstream crowdfunding sites means white nationalists have been forced to use other platforms that champion freedom of speech.
Jason Kessler, who organized the far-right rally in Charlottesville, has raised $2,659 as of Monday afternoon on RootBocks, a crowdfunding site that is "free from political or social censorship," according to its website.
They started a campaign called the "Unite the Right Legal Defense Fund" on Sunday night and aims to raise $50,000 to sue the city of Charlottesville for failing to protect the speakers and protesters at the rally.
Another campaign on RootBocks opened on Saturday has raised more than $8,000 of its $50,000 goal to support a lawsuit against Charlottesville by Nathan Damigo, founder of white-nationalist group Identity Evropa. On Saturday, Damigo said on Twitter they were wrongly arrested at the protest, in violation of their civil rights.
CrowdJustice, a site that focuses on raising money for legal cases, has not seen any funds connected to Fields or others who were in Charlottesville, said Chief Executive Julia Salasky.
The firm verifies that defendants or plaintiffs have an attorney or nonprofit who is taking their case before they can start a fund on the website, Salasky said.
"That filters out people who are promoting hatred and without a legal basis," they said.
(Reporting by Sheila Dang; editing by Anna Driver and Bill Rigby)
Michael Flynn (right) was an early supporter of Donald Trump's bid for the presidency and encouraged them to adopt tougher policies on Iran and a softer stance on Russia (AFP Photo/JIM WATSON)
Washington (AFP) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday dismissed talk of a Russian connection as "non-sense," two days after the resignation of their national security adviser Michael Flynn renewed questions about Moscow interference in US politics.
"This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign," Trump said in an early morning post on Twitter.
The New York Times on Tuesday reported that US intelligence agents intercepted calls showing that members of Trump's campaign had repeated contacts with top Russian intelligence officials in the year preceding the November 8 presidential election.
US intelligence agencies concluded in January that Russia had intervened in the electoral process at least in part to help Republican property tycoon Trump win.
In a barrage of tweets, Trump took fresh aim at some of the media Wednesday, while praising the conservative Fox television network.
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!" they tweeted.
Trump also accused the US intelligence services of having leaked information, directly pointing the finger at the National Security Agency and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
"Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washington post by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?) Just like Russia," Trump wrote.
They lobbed a hardball at their Democratic predecessor Barack Obama, writing "Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?"
Club player dies at training 15 February 2017
Castlepollard's Donal Devine Castlepollard's Donal Devine
The Castlepollard GAA club in Westmeath have been plunged into mourning following the death of one of their players.
Donal Devine (40) was training with the club on Tuesday evening when they suddenly became ill and passed away a short time later.
Donal is a brother of inter county referee Alfie Devine and uncle to current Westmeath hurler Allan; the Devine family are well-known throughout Westmeath GAA circles and further afield.
A talented midfielder, Donal won four senior hurling championships with the club in 1995, 1997, 2003 and 2005, while they also represented Westmeath at underage and senior level down through the years.
A true Castlepollard Gael, Donal gave a lifetime of service to the club and their passing has been a massive shock to their family, friends and the wider GAA community.
Ar dheis Dé go raibh a anam
A "Celebration of Life" was held on Wednesday to remember the three women -- Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick, Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba -- who died at a veterans center in Yountville. At the memorial, Chaplain Ira Book honored the victims, calling them leaders of their family, who were unafraid and proud to serve those who served."I used to call the Veterans Home of California, Yountville's best kept secret. In good conscience, I can no longer do that," they said. "We call the veterans home a 'home' deliberately. It becomes the new home for many of our residents whom we fondly call members; as members of our family. We mourn for Christine (Loeber), for Jennifer (Gonzales Shushereba) and Jennifer (Gray Golick). They were leaders of our family. They were unafraid, they were proud to serve those who served."
The rescued driver had been sitting in a stalled car with no lights on in the middle of a highway when another car drove into it, according to a California Highway Patrol representative.
Another Lithuanian (LKL) League game, another tough loss for Prienu Vytautas. With LaMelo Ball resting due to a back injury and an illness, and LiAngelo Ball spending much of the fourth quarter on the bench next to him, BC Vytautas staged a gutsy comeback from a 20-point deficit, only to come up short in the end to Alytaus Dzukija, 82-79, at Alytus Arena on Monday.
Gelo didn't start for Virginijus Seskus' squad, but was the club's leading reserve scorer with 14 points on 6-of-13 shooting (2-of-4 from three). By and large, the 19-year-old looked aware and energetic on defense, perhaps refreshed from their trip to Barcelona the previous week. They were active on the boards, grabbing seven rebounds.
Oddly enough, LiAngelo's issues came on the offensive end. They did well to cut to the basket and get themselves open on the perimeter, but they hardly looked for teammates when they had the ball (no assists, one turnover) and attempted several ill-advised shots against multiple defenders.
Gelo's blinders got them pulled from the game by Seskus with 8:14 to play in the final frame. Shortly thereafter, Vytautas embarked on a 19-6 run—all without the help of LaVar Ball's boys—to close the gap to 74-72. The visitors went on to slice that deficit further, to 80-79, but an unsportsmanlike foul by Martynas Linkevicius practically sealed it for Dzukija in the end.
Had Vytautas played with greater effort and executed better early, the team might have come away with just its second LKL win since the Ball brothers arrived. Instead, Dzukija put together a 22-5 spurt spanning the second and third quarters, putting Vytautas in a hole out of which it wasn't able to climb completely.
As a result, Vytautas (5-21) will remain in last place in the league, four games behind Juventus and Dzukija (9-17) in the race for a spot in the top eight. Come Sunday, Prienai will have another important opportunity to move up in the standings when it hosts ninth-place Kedainiai Nevezis (6-20) at Prienai Arena.
Vytautas can only hope that Melo is fit to play by then, and that Gelo will be prepared to make better decisions when they have the ball.
If you're a gamer who grew up in the 1980s (like me), odds are you helped Link rescue Princess Zelda or Mario defeat King Bowser on a Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). Thirty-plus years later, Nintendo is helping those gamers relive their old-school victories with the NES Classic Edition.
Released in November 2016, the NES Classic Edition is a pint-size version of the original system. It comes with a single two-button controller and 30 preloaded games, including old favorites like Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda, Donkey Kong, Metroid and Ghosts'n Goblins. The original NES Classic Edition was discontinued in April 2017. Nintendo has said that that console will return to stores on June 29, 2018.
How did Nintendo pack so much 8-bit fun into a single box? To find out, I broke out my tools.
Note: This story originally ran in the Fall 2017 issue of CNET Magazine. We're publishing the story online to coincide with our Cracking Open video of the NES Classic and the original NES.
Cracking open the NES Classic Edition
I started with the four rubber pads, or feet, on the console's bottom. Using a thin Phillips screwdriver, I removed the pads and the tiny screw hidden underneath each one. I then lifted off the upper half of the system's plastic case to reveal the tech inside.
Though it's less than a quarter the size of the original NES, the Classic Edition's interior is far less cramped. Gone are the front-loading, VCR-esque cartridge tray, the 72-pin cartridge connector that failed so often and the bulky video, audio and power circuitry. All that 1980s tech has been condensed down to a single main circuit board that's about the size of a drink coaster.
After disconnecting the cables for the two game controller ports and a thin cable for the power and reset buttons, I removed a few more screws, lifted off the metal shield that covers the main circuit board and took out the board itself.
Next, I removed the two controller ports, each held in place with a small bracket and single screw. To finish, I only had to disconnect a black, plastic housing that contains a small circuit board to which the contacts for the power and reset buttons are mounted along with the front LED. My teardown of the console was complete.
Turning my attention to the game controller, I removed six screws from the bottom of its clamshell case and then separated the two halves. Inside is a single rectangular circuit board.
The entire cracking-open process took less than 15 minutes and was the simplest teardown I've ever done.
CNET/TechRepublic
What the teardown tells us
Simple to crack open: The only tool you really need to disassemble the NES Classic Edition is a small Phillips screwdriver (#00 or #000 should work). There's no glue inside the console or the controller, all the internal components are easily accessible and the screws are all the same diameter and length.
More tech packed into a smaller package: The Classic Edition has a quad-core ARM processor, 256MB of RAM and 512MB of storage. For comparison, the original NES had an 8-bit processor, 2KB of work RAM, 2KB of video RAM and no game storage.
NES emulator on a single-board computer: The Classic Edition is basically a Nintendo-sanctioned NES emulator running on a Linux single-board computer. Yes, Linux. And if you're wondering whether it's possible to hack the Classic Edition and load more games? That answer is also yes. There's plenty of information on the internet that will show you how to update the system's software and install additional games. But be warned: There's always a chance that modifying your system could cause irreparable damage. More importantly, downloading and using games for which you don't already own a license for is usually illegal.
Yesterday's games running on today's tech
The NES Classic Edition is pure retro gaming fun. It's a much easier way to play old NES games than hunting through flea markets or online auctions for original hardware. And, it's less complicated (and more legal) than running emulator software with downloaded games on a PC.
Unfortunately, after selling over 2 million Classic Editions, Nintendo unexpectedly discontinued the console in April 2017. If you didn't manage to scoop one up then, you may still be able to buy one online, albeit at a likely inflated price. It's also being released again on June 29. We shelled out $200 for the one I cracked open, which is way more than the $60, £50 or AU$100 retail price.
Perhaps what stood out the most to me after cracking open the NES Classic Edition was just how much technology has improved in the past three decades. The hardware inside the Classic Edition is tiny compared with the original system, yet it's so much more powerful. I can't wait to see how far technology advances in the next 30 years.
Also see:
Update, May 29 at 5:55 p.m. PT: Added information about the NES Classic Edition returning to stores in June 2018.
Hook up with us here and get the latest news, updates and some free stuff.
Here are your quick and dirty, editorial-free WWE Raw results for August 14, 2017. The show featured a No. 1 Contender's match for the Raw Women's Championship, as well as two matches originally slated for the SummerSlam card, plus WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar standing in the ring with the three men who will try to take their title this Sunday.
Be back here tomorrow for the full Best and Worst of Raw column.
WWE Raw Results:
— The show opened with a lengthy video package summing up Seth Rollins and Dean Ambrose's story to date, including Rollins turning down a reconciliatory fistbump from Ambrose last week. Then Ambrose hit the ring and demanded answers from Rollins. Rollins said they were done playing games, and extended their fist. Ambrose rebuked him, but eventually stuck their own fist out, which Rollins rebuked. The two then began brawling. They were interrupted by the team of Cesaro and Sheamus, who beat both of them up. Eventually, Ambrose and Rollins ran the tag champs off before finally joining fists, to the delight of the crowd. Raw GM Kurt Angle then came out and made a championship match between both teams at SummerSlam this Sunday.
1. No. 1 Contender's Match: Sasha Banks defeated Nia Jax. Alexa Bliss watched the match from a lifeguard's chair at ringside. Jax dominated Banks for a majority of the lengthy match, but Banks was able to make them tap out to the Banks Statement on its second application following an innovative reversal.
— Backstage, Angle was speaking with the Hardy Boyz when the Miz and the Miztourage interrupted, asking what they were going to do about Brock Lesnar attacking all of them last week. The Miz said they were going to fight Jason Jordan tonight, then all of the sudden, a referee appeared telling Angle there was a problem with Bray Wyatt and Finn Bálor, and the GM ran off.
— After the commercial break, Angle found Bálor and Wyatt fighting backstage, and told them they were going to have their SummerSlam match tonight.
— Elias was in the ring and sang a song about how terrible Boston is. They were interrupted by R-Truth, who was then beaten down. Elias then walked off with their guitar.
— Big Cass entered the ring standing in front of a shark cage and began recapping their feud with Enzo Amore and the Big Show, to incredibly loud boos. They were interrupted by Enzo Amore, who reminded Cass they had been knocked out by Big Show two weeks in a row, who then came out and got in Cass' face. Cass attacked Amore, Show attacked Cass, then Luke Gallows and Karl Anderson came down and beat up Show. Cass smashed Show's hand in the shark cage door.
2. Cruiserweight Championship Match: Akira Tozawa defeated Neville (c). Neville locked Tozawa in the Rings Of Saturn then had it reversed for a very close two-count. They then went up for the Red Arrow but missed when Tozawa moved. Tozawa then delivered a top rope senton bomb — their third of the match — for the victory. Titus O'Neil and Apollo Crews hit the ring to celebrate with Tozawa.
— Backstage, an injured Big Show told Enzo Amore they aren't going to miss SummerSlam, regardless of their potentially broken hand.
— In the locker room, Emma told Mickie James they aren't getting the same opportunities as other women. James told them to put their phone down and face them in the ring later that night.
3. Bray Wyatt defeated Finn Bálor. Bálor went up to the top turnbuckle for a Coup De Grace, but Wyatt was able to knock them off and connect with Sister Abigail for the victory. After the match, Wyatt hit a second Sister Abigail then dumped a bucket of blood all over Bálor.
4. Mickie James defeated Emma. James connected with the Mick Kick for the pinfall victory.
— Backstage, a blood-covered Finn Bálor left Kurt Angle's office and informed Charly Caruso that the two would have a rematch at SummerSlam this Sunday, and they will be reviving their Demon persona for the match.
5. Jason Jordan defeated the Miz. The Miz was accompanied by Maryse, Curtis Axel and Bo Dallas. Dallas and Axel interfered in the match when Jordan was about to hit their finishing move, giving them the DQ victory. Jordan was saved by the Hardy Boyz, which led to…
6. The Hardy Boyz and Jason Jordan defeated the Miz, Curtis Axel and Bo Dallas. Matt Hardy hit the Twist Of Fate on Bo Dallas, followed by Jeff Hardy connecting with the Swanton Bomb, for the win.
— Raw's main event was a confrontation between WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar and their three SummerSlam opponents: Roman Reigns, Samoa Joe, and Braun Strowman. Kurt Angle surrounded the ring with dozens of security guards before bringing each competitor out. Lesnar entered first, with Paul Heyman cutting a lengthy promo saying that either Lesnar will be the victim of a conspiracy to take their title away this Sunday, or Lesnar will beat their opponents and continue their reign as champion. Samoa Joe entered next and told Lesnar they do not fear them and that they will put them to sleep this Sunday. Next, Braun Strowman came out and told Lesnar they will be the last man standing. Joe reminded them that it was they put Roman Reigns down last week, not Strowman. Reigns entered last and immediately speared Joe before getting powerslammed by Strowman. Lesnar and Strowman were then separated by security before they could touch each other. Each man began beating down security guards and clearing the ring, leaving Kurt Angle to empty the Raw locker room to try and separate the two as the show went off the air.
Keep listening to the RCMS to find out how you can be our grand prize winner!
Summertime excitement awaits your family across all four Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. There's the newest and most magical Disney fireworks show ever, Happily Ever After, at Magic Kingdom® Park. And there are unforgettable attractions like Frozen Ever After at Epcot® and Toy Story Mania!® at Disney's Hollywood Studios®. Plus, prepare to go to an entirely new world. A world beyond belief at Pandora—The World of Avatar! Beginning May 27 at Disney's Animal Kingdom® Theme Park, you'll fly on the back of a banshee, navigate a mystical river, hike underneath floating mountains and more. There's no better time than summertime to visit Walt Disney World® Resort—and no better time than now for your chance to win a vacation to do just that!
Southwest.com
Official Rules
The brother of Parkland school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz has been arrested for allegedly trespassing on the school grounds of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
Interested in Parkland school shooting? Add Parkland school shooting as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Parkland school shooting news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Zachary Cruz, 18, who was arrested at 4:30 p.m. Monday afternoon, allegedly rode their skateboard through school grounds, according to the Broward Sheriff's Office. According to the arrest report, they told deputies they wanted to “reflect on the school shooting and soak it in.”
Their brother, Nikolas Cruz, 19, is accused of killing 17 people in the Valentine's Day massacre at the high school.
Pool via AP
Nikolas Cruz was formally arraigned last Wednesday on a 34-count indictment related to last month's mass shooting at a South Florida high school, for which the 19-year-old is now facing the death penalty. A plea of not guilty was entered on their behalf, though defense attorney Melisa McNeill emphasized that Nikolas Cruz is willing "at any time" to plead guilty "in exchange for a waiver of the death sentence" and instead spend the rest of their life behind bars.
Amy Beth Bennett/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP
Deputies said Zachary Cruz had been warned to stay away from the school campus previously, according to the arrest report. The alleged trespassing was captured on CCTV, the report states.
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union's top five economies are warning the United States that its massive tax overhaul could contravene some of its international obligations and risks "having a major distortive impact on international trade."
In a letter to U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin, the finance ministers of Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Spain wrote they had "significant concerns" about three tax initiatives in particular, including the so-called base erosion and anti-abuse tax Senate bill.
In a letter seen by The Associated Press, the five wrote that "it is important that the U.S. government's rights over domestic tax policy be exercised in a way that adheres with international obligations to which it has signed-up."
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner watches their three run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the first inning of a National League Divisional Series baseball game at Dodger Stadium on Friday, Oct. 06, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner hits a three-run home run off Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Taijuan Walker, left, during the first inning of Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Taijuan Walker, left, and Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner watch Turner's three-run home run during the first inning of Game 1 of a baseball National League Division Series in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Arizona Diamondbacks pitching coach Mike Butcher (23) speaks with starting pitcher Taijuan Walker (99) after giving up a three run home run to Los Angeles Dodgers third baseman Justin Turner (not pictured) in the first inning of a National League Divisional Series baseball game at Dodger Stadium on Friday, Oct. 06, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner (10) rounds third base after hitting a three run home run off Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Taijuan Walker (99) in the first inning of a National League Divisional Series baseball game at Dodger Stadium on Friday, Oct. 06, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner (10) shakes hands with third base coach Chris Woodward (45) after hitting a three run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the first inning of a National League Divisional Series baseball game at Dodger Stadium on Friday, Oct. 06, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
The Dodgers' Justin Turner, right, high-fives teammate Corey Seager after both scored on Turner's three-run home run in the first inning of Friday's National League Divisional Series opener against the Arizona Diamondbacks at Dodger Stadium. Turner drove in five runs in a 9-5 victory. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner celebrates their three-run home run during the first inning of Game 1 of the baseball team's National League Division Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner (10) high fives manager Dave Roberts (30) after hitting a three run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the first inning of a National League Divisional Series baseball game at Dodger Stadium on Friday, Oct. 06, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner, right, celebrates their three-run home run with manager Dave Roberts at the dugout during the first inning of Game 1 of the baseball team's National League Division Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner celebrates in the dugout after their three-run home run during the first inning of Game 1 of the baseball team's National League Division Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner watches their three run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the first inning of a National League Divisional Series baseball game at Dodger Stadium on Friday, Oct. 06, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
LOS ANGELES — The Dodgers put Arizona Diamondbacks starter Taijuan Walker on the ropes early in the first inning of Game 1 of the National League Division Series on Friday. When Justin Turner crushed Walker's 18th pitch of the game for a three-run home run, the tone was set.
The Dodgers ultimately knocked out Walker after one inning. Turner wasn't done driving in runs, and the Dodgers continued to pile on before the night was over.
Turner went 3 for 4 and drove in five of the Dodgers' runs in a 9-5 victory. Their five RBI tied a franchise record, equaled only by Pedro Guerrero in the 1981 World Series and Davey Lopes in the 1978 World Series.
Related Articles Miller: Dodgers jump on Diamondbacks, then romp to Yasiel Puig's antics
Whicker: Dodgers, Cody Bellinger show their leathery side in Game 1 win
Justin Turner's 5-RBI night leads Dodgers past Diamondbacks in NLDS opener
Dodgers Notes: Dave Roberts says they trust Pedro Baez to pitch in NLDS
Diamondbacks at Dodgers: Saturday game time, TV channel and starting pitchers
Photos: Dodgers defeat the Diamondbacks 9-5 NLDS Playoff Baseball Chris Taylor and Corey Seager “did a great job getting on base, setting the table, putting their pitchers with their back against the wall,” Turner said. “When they get in those situations and they've got to make pitches, you just try not to do too much, get a good pitch. Luckily tonight I didn't miss it.”
For Turner, the veteran third baseman, a clutch postseason performance was nothing new. They began the game with a .357 batting average in 18 career postseason games. Their .444 batting average in the NLDS was the highest among all players with at least 30 career at-bats. The division series has been played on an annual basis since 1995.
Now, in 16 postseason starts as a Dodger, Turner has a .397 batting average and a .507 on-base percentage. They have hits in all but three of those games.
“I think that it's innate,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said of Turner's postseason poise. “It can be learned, I guess, through experience, but JT just has that pulse for that big moment and to not do too much. When the pitcher makes a mistake, they just has a way to capitalize and doesn't go out of the strike zone. They just has a way with that big moment.”
In the first inning, Turner fouled off the first two pitches they saw from Walker, then took a couple pitches out of the strike zone to even the count at 2-and-2.
When Walker piped a 93-mph fastball over the plate, Turner drove the ball 424 feet into the left-field bleachers. That gave the Dodgers a 3-0 lead and continued a pattern in the regular season that saw Turner led all of MLB with a .279 batting average with two strikes.
The Dodgers batted around in the first inning. In the second inning, Turner drew a walk and challenged catcher Jeff Mathis by stealing second base with two outs. Mathis' throw was short of the bag and skipped into center field, allowing Turner to take third.
In the fourth inning – again, with two strikes – Turner took advantage of a first-and-third, one-out situation by hitting an RBI single against Diamondbacks pitcher Zack Godley. That kept alive a rally that extended the Dodgers' lead from 4-1 to 7-1.
Finally, Turner gave the Dodgers an insurance run in the eighth inning by singling the opposite way through a drawn-in infield. Seager scored from third base, and the Dodgers led, 9-4.
Arizona manager Torey Lovullo has seen their team come back from early deficits before. They said the Dodgers' ability to pile on after Turner's home run was instrumental in knocking out Walker. Being able to drive in two more runs after their first-inning homer only added to Turner's legend.
“He's just got an easy approach,” Lovullo said of Turner. “He's never off-balance. Rarely fooled. To me it looks like he's taking batting practice. There's no hustle to their swing. I think every good hitter aspires to have that same approach and to have it translate the way they do.”
A vocal leader in the clubhouse, Turner led by example during the Dodgers' worst stretch of the season. In the midst of the team's 1-16 slump spanning August and September, Turner posted a .291/.371/.527 slash line. They finished the season with a .322 batting average, third in the National League.
Friday, Turner also started a key double play in the sixth inning on a Paul Goldschmidt ground ball. The play loomed large when the next batter, J.D. Martinez, hit a home run against Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw to bring Arizona within 7-2.
After taking batting practice, the Dodgers held a team meeting on Thursday night on the pitcher's mound at Dodger Stadium. Roberts got the talk rolling, then ceded the space to their players. Turner was one of five veterans who spoke.
“I basically just said ‘you know, this is what we've been waiting for all year. I'm in the playoffs. Your numbers, our numbers individually don't matter. It's about doing whatever it takes to win a ballgame. If you make an out, whatever happens, it doesn't matter. Find a way to pick up the next guy, the next guy. Find a way to get it done.
“Also, just to embrace it. Be in the moment.”
GALLIPOLIS — The Gallipolis Super 8 recently celebrated receiving the Pride of Super 8 Award.
A statement from the Gallipolis Super 8 read: “Receiving this honor is a testament to the incredible hard work of our hotel team in delivering top notch hospitality day in and day out. Winning the hearts and loyalty of guests is all about maintaining a quality hotel and building a staff that's passionate about the details; cleanliness, friendly service, making a guest feel at home. We have succeeded on all fronts. We will continue to strive in setting the bar even higher making this hotel always the Pride of Super 8.”
To be eligible for the award, hotels must demonstrate strong quality scores, outstanding guest reviews and an unwavering commitment to the Wyndham Rewards loyalty program and its members.
The Super 8 of Gallipolis offers many amenities such as microwaves and refrigerators in all rooms, free safes in all rooms, as well as hairdryers, 32” TV with Direct TV lineup. The Super 8 offers a handmade waffle from a breakfast attendant, yogurt, fruit cups, coffee, and alternate a local favorite between eggs, hard boiled eggs, and gravy and biscuits. There is a heated indoor pool as well as a spa for guests' relaxation. Fitness room and guests laundry also offered.
“So stop out and visit anytime, we love showing off our Top 8 percent hotel,” the statement read.
Submitted on behalf of Gallipolis Super 8.
Christmas has gone and the new year has begun – and once again shoppers are hunting the bank holiday bargains.
The period after Christmas and the first week of the new year has always been the prime time for shops to hold their annual sales.
Joplings sale 27 December 1980 old ref number 34728 Photographer John Forbes The Green family at the head of the queue. Mrs Green is pictured at the head of the queue with Audrey (daughter) and their husband (Gordon) behind. Mrs Green is waiting to buy a �500.00 three piece suites for �50.00. Husband Gordon a new bed and Audrey some bedroom fittings. see Saturday December 27 1980
Today we have delved through our picture archives to pull together some pictures of shoppers in Sunderland taking advantage of the price drops.
Today shops appear to have sales on all year round and many people question if the reductions are as good as advertised.
But in the past, a new year sale was a sale, and it was a big event for the shops and their customers.
Our photographs show people queuing overnight for the bargain of the day – going prepared with extra warm clothing as they prepare for several hours in a queue.
Woolco Sales old ref number 9622 l 2 January 1976
Shoppers are pictured having a good rummage through the offers.
Do you have memories of sale days in the past? Were you one of those members of staff who had to face the crowds? And what was your best bargain purchase in the sales?
We's love to hear from you.
Email your memories of the sales to chris.cordner@jpress.co.uk
Binns Sale - shoe department 30 December 1976 old ref number 14090 Mrs Patricia Rowley and their daughter, Susan (20), came from their home at Souter Lighthouse, Whitburn, to snap up the bargains in Binns' shoe department.
Joplings Sale 28 December 1977 old ref number 20110 Setting up the perfume sale display at Jopling's store today are Mrs Doris Kennan (left) and Mrs Kathleen Nelson.
Binns Sale 28 December 1983 old ref number 47316 Binns china department,
Binns Sale queue old ref number 20124 28 December 1977
Sales Market Square Sunderland 28 December 1983 old ref number 47316 Winter sales got off to a brisk start.
Binns Sale 29 December 1981 old ref number 39115 Bargain hunters at 9.00 am in the china department at Binns store today.
BINNS SALE DECEMBER 28 1973 OLD REF NUMBER 495
Since 1987, B&W Trailer Hitches has been using quality and innovation to build one of the most trustworthy names in the industry. Employee-owned and all American, B&W manufactures towing products with the kind of quality that can only be delivered when pride of ownership goes into every step of the process, from design to the final customer experience. While most other manufacturers have shipped their operations overseas, this commitment to excellence has made B&W one of the few remaining hitch makers in America.
Like many American success stories, B&W's began in a garage. It was 1987 in the Midwestern town of Humboldt, Kansas. Roger Baker was experiencing declining demand for their skills as a classic-car restorer, and Joe Works had endured several tough years on the family farm. To provide for their families, they began applying their skills in a new way—building custom truck beds under the name B&W.
They quickly recognized a way to remove the inconvenience of a gooseneck ball permanently welded in the bed of a truck. They designed a gooseneck hitch with the mounting hardware underneath the bed and a ball that turned over and stowed in place. The Turnoverball Gooseneck Hitch was born. They didn't know it would revolutionize the industry the way it did, but today nearly every gooseneck manufacturer uses this type of ball storage and mounting system. They didn't invent the trailer hitch, but they made everyone else reinvent theirs.
A few years later, they applied the same concepts to fifth-wheel hitches. Using the same under-bed mounting hardware and hole in the bed, they designed a Companion with a single point attachment that was removable when not towing. They also designed the Companion to provide a quiet and smooth ride for the user.
From there, they kept solving problems other hitch manufacturers weren't, always thinking of the customer's towing experience. They set the bar high and built a company that continues to raise it.
Baker retired in 1999, and in 2007, Works began transferring ownership to the company's 390 employees, who are now employee-owners. With a vested interest in their products, the employee-owners are more dedicated than ever to making the best hitches and accessories possible.
Their product line now includes all types of innovative towing products manufactured on-site in their nearly 500,000-square-foot facility, where they can oversee every detail. Their steel comes straight from the American Heartland and is forged in mills they've known and trusted for years. Because the best labor doesn't come from the lowest bidder overseas, B&W's craftsmen are some of the best and brightest in the industry.
“We know that what you tow matters—and so does what you tow it with,” is a company motto.
B&W Trailer Hitches is a shining example of American-made quality and American ingenuity.
For more information, go to www.bwtrailerhitches.comboat
SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — Chile's Supreme Court has approved a transgender person's request to change their name and registered gender without reassignment surgery.
Chile's judiciary announced Wednesday that the top court had decided to strike down an earlier ruling by an appeals court in the capital. The statement from the judiciary did not provide the person's name.
A bill that would give adults the right to change the gender listed on their official records has stalled in Congress. The measure is facing challenges from the Roman Catholic Church.
Conservative lawmakers say they would approve the bill as long as it excludes underage minors and teenagers.
Lorena Lorca, a law professor who led the case, said the ruling is historic because it adheres to international human rights principles that allow judges to make the change.
Pennsylvania's highest court has ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions.The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order releasing them on unsecured bail.Mill, whose given name is Robert Rihmeek Williams, was sentenced in November to two to four years in prison for violating probation on a roughly decade-old gun and drug case.Mill issued a statement saying their five months in jail have been "a nightmare" and thanking all their supporters.A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail.Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.Comedian Kevin Hart visited Mill in prison earlier in the day, decrying their multi-year prison sentences.Mill issued the following statement regarding the release:Mill's Lawyer said the following:
Even though President Trump "missed the boat" by not denouncing the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists sooner, Lt. Governor Kathy Hochul says, that it's important for leaders to speak out.
"It's too late for me. But I think other people that listen to them as their leader need to hear it roundly denounced so they don't think they have the support of the president of the United States the next time they want to have a hateful rally or perpetrate violence," Hochul said.
They say there's "zero tolerance" for the violent and deadly attack during a "Unite the Right" rally, on Saturday, in Charlottesville, VA.
"Just recently the governor signed into law a bill that raised the penalties for people who perpetrate hate crimes and threats against community centers. It wasn't that long ago that our Jewish communities were exposed, here in Buffalo, bomb threats against the Jewish Community Centers," Hochul said.
The legislation signed Monday by Gov. Cuomo increases the penalty for making bomb threats to a class A misdemeanor punishable by up to one year in jail.
Asian shares rose Tuesday as both Koreas and the U.S. appeared to indicate a willingness to defuse the crisis over North Korea's nuclear program. A rally on Wall Street, on the back of strong technology shares, also helped.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 1.3 percent to 19,789.13 in morning trading. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.5 percent to 5,757.50. South Korea's markets were closed for a national holiday. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.2 percent to 27,308.04, while the Shanghai Composite was up 0.2 percent at 3,242.26.
NORTH KOREA: North Korea said Tuesday leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on their military's plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam. But the comments also appeared to signal a path to defuse the deepening crisis with Washington, holding out the possibility that friction could ease if the U.S. made some gesture that Pyongyang considered a move to back away from previous "extremely dangerous reckless actions."
WALL STREET: The S&P 500 jumped 24.52 points, or 1 percent, to 2,465.84. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 135.39 points, or 0.6 percent, to 21,993.71. The Nasdaq composite added 83.68 points, or 1.3 percent, to 6,340.23.
THE QUOTE: "The markets continue to recover from last week's disorder as U.S. equities orchestrated a splendid showing recouping some of the sharp losses from last Friday, as investor confidence returns with the de-escalation of North Korea tension," says Stephen Innes, head of trading for Asia at OANDA.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil added 2 cents to $47.61 a barrel. It lost $1.23 to $47.59 a barrel in New York Monday. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 4 cents to $50.77 a barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 110.40 yen from 109.57 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $1.1756 from $1.1816.
———
This story has been corrected to say South Korean markets were closed Tuesday.
———
Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Them work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
Police are appealing for help in tracing a missing man last seen two days ago in the Billingay area.
Glenn Brookes, 27, is said by police to have been last seen on Billinghay High Street on April 22.
Mr Brookes, who lives in Lincoln, has links to Lincolnshire, Leicestershire and Norfolk.
If you do know where they are, contact Lincolnshire Police by email: force.control@lincs.pnn.police.uk adding crime reference 57 of April 22 in the subject box.
Or you can call 101, quoting the incident number. Or through Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
The Gamecocks are looking for a bounce-back year next season. South Carolina was 17-16 and missed the post-season after reaching the Final Four in 2017.
Silva, Bowen and Felder were expected to lead the resurgence.
The 6-foot-9 Silva was named to the all-Southeastern Conference team and was the league's co-defensive player of the year. Bowen was the Louisville recruit in the heart of the college basketball corruption case who enrolled at South Carolina in January. Felder was a key backcourt reserve on the Final Four team who had 15 points in the Gamecocks second-round NCAA Tournament upset of Duke in that run.
Silva and Bowen have not hired agents, meaning they could return to school by the NCAA's deadline of May 30.
Felder was suspended indefinitely after their arrest for fighting last summer and was not in classes last fall. Martin reinstated them to the program, although not to the court, last spring and gave Felder several guidelines to meet if they hoped to play again.
That, Martin said, did not happen.
Silva wanted to go through the process, they said this month, to see where they might improve in the eyes of NBA evaluators.
The 6-foot-7 Bowen, from Saginaw, Michigan , transferred following their suspension from Louisville amid the federal probe after news of an alleged payment involving the Cardinals and their father to get them to join that school. They have not yet been cleared by the NCAA.
Bowen's attorney has said the NBA draft is a hedge against the NCAA turning them down.
Martin and athletic director Ray Tanner say Bowen's reinstatement process is moving forward. Tanner acknowledged there's little South Carolina can do between now and May 30 to speed up the NCAA's decision.
If Silva and Bowen stay in the draft — last season, sophomore P.J. Dozier remained in the NBA draft and was not picked — it means Martin will have to find replacements for three likely starters. That would mean only forward Maik Kotsar, a junior next season, would have started 30 or more games each of the past two year for the Gamecocks.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Pete Iacobelli, The Associated Press
Just one week after they kicked off the development of Bodhi Linux 5.0, developer Jeff Hoogland announced the availability of the beta release of the upcoming operating system based on Ubuntu Linux.
The Bodhi Linux 5.0 Beta release is here to address a few small, yet important issues, including a problem with the default network manager configuration, which can be fixed manually in existing Bodhi Linux 5.0 Alpha installations, as well as a bug with the Bodhi Builder tool, which failed to add the Bodhi 5 repositories by default.
"These discs address the issues with the default network manager configuration as well as an issue with Bodhi Builder not adding the Bodhi 5 repos by default on installed systems," said Jeff Hoogland in the announcement. "If you are happy with your existing Alpha install you can fix these issues manually with a few small edits."
Bodhi Linux 5.0 coming soon based on Ubuntu 18.04 LTS
To fix the said networking configuration issue in existing Bodhi Linux 5.0 Alpha installations and allow the NetworkManager properly manage your network connections, the developer recommends that you modify the /etc/netplan file with the following content, and then run the commands below, as root.
code network:
version: 2
renderer: NetworkManager
netplan generate
netplan apply
Also, it's possible to add the Bodhi 5 repository to your sources file in existing Bodhi Linux 5.0 Alpha installations by opening the /etc/apt/sources.list file and add the line below to the end of the file. After that, simply refresh the repositories and update your system accordingly to Bodhi Linux 5.0 Beta with the commands listed below.
code deb [trusted=yes] http://packages.bodhilinux.com/bodhi bionic b5main
sudo apt update
sudo apt full-upgrade
Those new to Bodhi Linux 5.0 Beta testing, can download the installation images for 64-bit or 32-bit systems from our web portal, but keep in mind that this is a pre-release version and it isn't recommended for production machines. The final Bodhi Linux 5.0 release is coming soon based on the Ubuntu 18.04 LTS (Bionic Beaver) operating system.
The NFL can't win.
That was the message that President Donald Trump delivered to Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones in a private telephone conversation between the two men in September of 2017 – an exchange that took place in the midst of a mushrooming player protest controversy for the league. Jones revealed Trump's warning in an April deposition in the collusion complaint brought against the NFL by Colin Kaepernick, according to a report by the Wall Street Journal. The contents of that deposition, which have been confirmed to Yahoo Sports by a source familiar with the proceedings, included revelations about Jones' conversation with Trump regarding political attacks against the league for failing to quell player protests during the national anthem.
According to the Wall Street Journal story and an additional confirming source, Trump instructed Jones to relay a simple message to other power brokers in the league:
“Tell everybody, you can't win this one,” Jones recalled Trump saying, according to a deposition transcript. “This one lifts me.”
The inference, according to the source, was that Trump was relaying that their attacks against the NFL in relation to protesting players lifted them politically. The message being that they aren't going away and that Jones needed to relay that to other owners and NFL commissioner Roger Goodell. At one point, Jones said Trump called the protesting controversy a “very winning, strong issue for me.” The Wall Street Journal also reported that two other owners – the New England Patriots' Robert Kraft and Miami Dolphins' Stephen Ross – also said in separate depositions that they spoke to Trump about player protests, which were initially begun by Kaepernick to raise awareness of social, racial and criminal justice concerns.
President Donald Trump told Jerry Jones to relay a message to other owners: “You can't win this one.” (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
The admissions by Jones, Kraft and Ross underscore why Trump has become the centerpiece in the Kaepernick collusion case – which is now seeking to draw a direct line between the influence of the president and the decisions of 32 NFL franchises passing on Kaepernick in free agency. For Kaepernick's legal team to prove the allegation of league-wide collusion, it will have to present a driving element that would lead teams to shy away from their client. And thus far, Trump's consistent attacks on the NFL for failing to halt player protests appears to be the most provable galvanizing force.
Story Continues
In some ways, the NFL has already admitted to changing league policy in part due to pressure from Trump. Ross said it publicly months ago – that their views on player protests during the national anthem were essentially reversed by Trump's framing of the act as being unpatriotic or anti-military. But there have been a number of other revelations in which owners admitted to being flustered over the furor stoked by Trump's public prodding.
That much was obvious when the league's owners passed a rule prohibiting kneeling or “disrespecting” the flag earlier this month at the NFL's spring meetings in Atlanta. Following the establishment of that rule, a number of owners admitted that Trump was a topic of discussion prior to passing the rule – a seeming admission that the measure was at least partially weighed with the president in mind. Which isn't exactly a revelation, considering Trump had battered the league publicly over the issue since being sworn in as president in January of 2017. Attacks which still didn't relent even after the league passed the rule prohibiting kneeling.
“You have to stand proudly for the national anthem or you shouldn't be playing – you shouldn't be there,” Trump told Fox & Friends during an appearance the day after the rule was passed by NFL owners. “Maybe you shouldn't be in the country.”
That kind of rhetoric could ultimately become the spine of Kaepernick's collusion case, as their legal team seeks to prove that Trump's words equated to a pressure that made signing the quarterback untenable for a franchise. Kaepernick's collusion case is nearing the conclusion of its eighth month, having collected tens of thousands of documents in discovery as well as at least 11 depositions of NFL owners, coaches, general managers and commissioner Roger Goodell. How much longer it lasts could hinge on the coming weeks, when Kaepernick's legal team is expected to ask for an additional round of depositions and perhaps discovery relating to the league's official passing of an anthem rule.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones went into detail about telephone conversations with President Donald Trump, who told them to relay specific messages to other owners. (Paul Abell/AP Images for NFL)
More from Yahoo Sports:
• 76ers exec in hot water over reported secret Twitter use
• Lakers heaven? LiAngelo works out for L.A.
• NBA fans blame U.S. senator for Houston's playoff loss
• Why NFL player's invite to Trump just won't work
Friday, officers from the Roane County Sheriff's Office and the Rockwood and Harriman police departments, assisted the Tennessee Highway Patrol in arresting a man following a brief pursuit.
A state trooper tried to pull over a car after seeing the driver not wearing a seatbelt at the intersection of Highway 70 and Loop Road near Rockwood, but the driver identified as 35-year-old Johnny Spears of Harriman, refused to stop and sped off.
The pursuit lasted only six minutes, though, before Spears pulled into the driveway of a home on Woody Avenue in Harriman and surrendered without further incident.
They were arrested and charged with felony evasion, violating the seat belt law and other moving violations.
Transcript for Is Trump Bluffing About Knowledge of Alleged Russian Hacking?
Let's get more on the intelligence and the politics from our analyst, Steve ganyard and Matthew dowd. Steve, you spent a lot of time dealing with national security and intelligence when you were in the government. First let's talk about this new threat to the electric grid. No signs that it actually penetrated the grid in Vermont but this is a serious threat. It is a serious threat for all of the infrastructure around the U.S. And around the world, George, for things like power supply and things like that. But what we saw in Vermont, there were definitely Russian fingerprints on that, but one of the interesting things about malware is it's becoming kmod tied. You can actually buy it in the dark resays of the internet, so it could have been Russia, China, North Korea, Iran. I think what's going to happen here is that the intelligence community is not going to release the sources and methods that allow them to draw conclusions that it was definitely Russian. We could get the new report, the full report on Russian involvement as early as this week. You see Donald Trump is questioning the intelligence. Based on your experience, how solid is it? Again, it's hard to say what the White House released about last week was not conclusive. It didn't show intent. It was very thin on details. So there's a push/pull going on within the intelligence community right now about how much to release. Until we get more definitive detail we're not going to be able to make that determination. You heard from Donald Trump over the weekend saying they know things that others don't. He's continued to question this intelligence and praised Vladimir Putin for withholding any response to the U.S. Sanctions and actions that president Obama took last week. He's playing a tricky game here because he's going to face pressure from Republicans to respond to Putin as well. Well yeah. They sound a little like that "Saturday night live" character John love its played where they say something and they say, yeah, that's the ticket. They make up stuff and then later on doesn't prove it. I think the fascinating thing about this is for years Republicans have said Barack Obama did not respond strong enough to Russia. Now as of yesterday the Republican response or at least Donald Trump's response I should say is that they responded too overwhelmingly which is an amazing situation after Russia it looks like committed an act of cyberwar and undermined one of the most fundamental principles of our country which is our democratic election. So the question will be, do they change their tune after getting the intelligence briefing later this week? Well, I think that's a really good question, and the other thing Donald Trump has to realize is somebody needs to tell him, as they said don't use computers, use courier. I don't know if they want to go back to the pony express. This is a computer that Donald Trump is on every day sending messages to the American public, so somebody might want to tell Donald Trump that what they hold in their hand is also a computer. Thanks very much. We move on now to a deadly mid-air accident.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Alex Ovechkin, Braden Holtby and the Washington Capitals stayed cool in the 100-degree Vegas heat and evened the Stanley Cup Final.
Holtby made 37 saves, Ovechkin scored a power-play goal and Lars Eller added a goal and two assists in the Capitals' 3-2 victory over the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 2 on Wednesday night.
The Caps hung on through a scoreless third period for their first Stanley Cup Final victory in franchise history largely because of a bounce-back performance by Holtby, who was battered in Vegas' 6-4 series-opening win.
Holtby capped their energetic performance with a jaw-dropping stick save with 1:59 to play, stretching back to rob Alex Tuch of a possible tying goal.
“We refocus and pick each other up and that's a sign of a good team,” Holtby said. “That's one of our strengths.”
Brooks Orpik ended a personal 220-game drought with the eventual winning goal for the Caps, who rebounded from a ramshackle loss in the opener and handed the expansion Golden Knights only their second home defeat — the first in regulation — in Vegas' nine postseason games.
James Neal and Shea Theodore scored and Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 23 shots for the upstart Knights, who couldn't summon their usual clutch magic in the third period, even with lengthy man advantages.
Washington lost leading scorer Evgeny Kuznetsov to an upper-body injury in the first period after a big hit from Vegas defenseman Brayden McNabb. The Caps avoided any hotheaded retaliation and concentrated on a gritty effort that was enough to even the series.
Game 3 is Saturday night in Washington.
The Caps are just 4-5 at home in the postseason, but they'll ride a wave of momentum after going into the Golden Knights' daunting home arena and taking away home-ice advantage in their first Stanley Cup Final in 20 years.
The Capitals have made the playoffs in 13 of 19 seasons since their only other trip to the Final in 1998, but hadn't managed to get their fans back to the final round until this year. Capital One Arena in downtown Washington was packed with red-clad fans watching Game 2 on the videoboards.
The Caps improved to 9-3 on the road in the postseason after two games in this frequently chaotic series. The first two games of the Stanley Cup Final were split for only the third time in the last 13 editions of the NHL's final round.
After a rough opener in Vegas, Holtby rounded back into something approaching their form in back-to-back shutouts to close the Eastern Conference finals. While their save on Tuch was the most impressive, they kept the Caps in charge with 15 saves in the third period, including a tenacious effort during a 5-on-3 advantage for 1:09 for the Knights.
The temperature on the Las Vegas Strip spiked to triple digits in the hours before Game 2, likely making it the hottest Final game in NHL history. But the heat didn't fry the spirits of the fans who filled the plaza next to T-Mobile Arena to capacity before the puck dropped, continuing this gambling mecca's fanatical support of its first major pro sports team.
After another elaborate, Vegas-style pregame introduction at T-Mobile Arena, the Knight took another early lead with their quick-strike offense and a little puck luck when Washington's Dmitry Orlov misplayed Luca Sbisa's long lob and allowed Neal to skate in easily on Holtby.
The goal was the fifth of the postseason for Neal, the gifted scorer left unprotected in last summer's expansion draft after reaching the Final with Nashville.
Shortly afterward, Kuznetsov went straight to the dressing room after absorbing a high check from McNabb. The game immediately took on a nastier tone, and the teams played 4-on-4 hockey moments later after a prolonged scrum led to two penalties.
With extra space, Washington strung together several sharp passes culminating in Eller's sixth goal of the postseason. The Danish forward failed to hit an open net on a rushed play for a potential tying goal late in Game 1.
Washington's excellent power play finally got a chance early in the second period, and Ovechkin scored a vintage goal with their powerful shot from a sharp angle.
The Russian superstar led the NHL with 49 goals in the regular season and added 12 more in the Eastern Conference playoffs. After scoring the first Stanley Cup Final goal of their 13-year, 1,121-game NHL career, they skated to the glass with both arms raised triumphantly.
The Caps then silenced T-Mobile Arena when Eller got the puck to Orpik, whose deflected shot bounced fortuitously off the ice and beat Fleury. Orpik, the grinding veteran forward with a 2009 Stanley Cup ring from Pittsburgh, hadn't scored since Feb. 26, 2016, adding up to the longest active goal-scoring drought in the NHL.
But the relentless Knights earned a power play and cut the Caps' lead to 3-2 late in the second when Theodore slipped a long shot through heavy traffic.
Vegas continued its pressure early in the third, forcing Washington into two early penalties. But the Golden Knights failed to score with that two-man advantage, with Holtby repeatedly coming up big.
“We played smart. We played hard,” Ovechkin said. “Holtby made unbelievable saves.”
NOTES: The Golden Knights have scored the opening goal in the first period of all nine of their postseason home games. … Washington needs three more wins to become the second team in NHL history to win a Cup after trailing in all four postseason rounds, joining Pittsburgh in 1991. … T-Mobile Arena reported 18,702 fans in the sold-out building, setting a franchise record for attendance.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Eye safety is of the utmost importance when observing a solar eclipse, and Amazon is taking steps to ensure its customers aren't stuck with faulty eclipse glasses.The retailer told CNN it had begun to issue refunds to customers who purchased glasses that "may not comply with industry standards."In recent days, reports had begun to circulate online indicating that some companies were selling glasses that would not provide adequate protection during an eclipse.Properly designed glasses will prevent permanent eye damage from the sun's rays. If you are still looking to pick up a pair of eclipse glasses, the American Astronomical Society has compiled a list of "reputable vendors" of eclipse glasses.
A brand-new anthem out of Detroit is underway and presented by Hip Hop icon Chuck D. This time Royce Da 5'9”, Obie Trice, Swifty McVay and Lazarus share the mic and deliver their personal life journey through their rhymes. Royce shares their struggle of dealing with alcoholism and jail. Obie Trice talks about the streets of Detroit and how one turns to selling drugs. Swifty opens up about the loathing they underwent trying to figure out if their talent would lead them to success or further self deprivation.
Lazarus finishes the song off with a ray of hope and explaining how the tough journey eventually will lead to some form of success. It's a beautiful track and a great narrative that allows these four rappers from Detroit to come together. Lazarus is a noteworthy addition to the Detroit lineup as they hang bar for bar with the best emcees of the city. The song is produced by Dub Muzik and appears on the mixtape “No Parachute.”
A Stanbridge woman was inspired to run the London Marathon by their dad who suffered a severe cycling accident.
On Sunday, Daniella Harris raised £4435 for national charity Aspire, that provides practical help to people who have been paralysed by a spinal cord injury.
Daniella ran the London Marathon to raise money for Aspire
Last year, Daniella's father, Stephen, had been on a fairly routine long cycle ride when they came off their bike on a quiet country lane near Tring, suffering a spinal cord injury. They still do not know how it happened.
The 19-year-old said: “Dad was taken into hospital on 17th February 2017 after being found unconscious in the road, still on their bike. After plenty of tests we discovered that dad had broken their neck at C1 level. This injury has left dad tetraplegic.”
The injury meant that Stephen became paralysed from the shoulders down.
Daniella used running to help them process what had happened to their dad.  They are now a regular runner and trained four to five times a week in preparation for the marathon.
They completed the London marathon in four hours and 31 minutes.
They said: “It was an absolutely incredible day!
“It was tough, at the suspected temperature on the course being around 26 degrees due to the tarmac and crowding of people, but it was amazing.
“I have raised £4435 for Aspire which is a great amount.
“Aspire very quickly became prevalent in Dad's independence whilst in rehab and has been a massive influence in their recovery so far.
“They have provided dad with a mouth mouse so that they can operate their compute using their mouth, this has helped them communicate with life outside of the hospital during their long stay so far.”
>> To make a donation to Daniella's fundraising page, visit: https://uk.virginmoneygiving.com/DaniellaHarris.
Israeli officials believe Russia may be willing to pull Iranian troops at least 15 miles off of the border between Syria and Israel, according to reports.
Fearing that a fight between Israel and Iranian troops within Syria could undermine the position of fighters loyal to Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad, Moscow has called for all non-Syrian fighters to move away from Syria's border with Israel and Jordan. Late last year, the U.S., Russia and Jordan had agreed to create a “de-escalation zone” in southwest Syria, parts of which border Israel. Violence has remained at bay in the region ever since, but the situation grew increasingly tense in recent weeks as Israel began launching strikes against Iranian forces stationed there.
Reports suggest that Syria's government, which has been reinforced and supported by Russia, is preparing for a major offensive against rebel groups in the area bordering Israel. Russia and Israel have allegedly agreed that militias loyal to Iran will be held back so that Assad can retake the region from rebels. If carried out, the deal would demonstrate an unprecedented level of cooperation and agreement between Israel and Russia over how Syria should be divided.
Trending: Alex Jones Asks Roseanne Barr To Come on 'InfoWars' After ABC Cancels Show
Israel is vehemently opposed to Iran maintaining a military presence in Syria, however. And Tehran, which is closely allied with Syrian leader Assad and maintains a working relationship with Russia, is laying the groundwork to develop a long-term presence in the country. Some experts have warned that Israel's conflict with Iran could launch a new and dangerous phase of the Syrian civil war.
“Israel, no longer content to remain a bystander as Damascus's position improves, is now jockeying to reverse the deterioration of its strategic posture. In this endeavour it has formidable obstacles to overcome: the regime is more dependent than ever on Iran, which Israel regards as its most implacable state foe; other enemies, particularly Hizbollah and Iran-backed Shiite militias, are entrenched in Syria with Russia's blessing; and the U.S., notwithstanding the Trump administration's strident rhetoric, has done little to reverse Iran's gains,” reads a February report from the International Crisis Group.
Don't miss: U.K. Parents Convicted of Luring Teen Daughter to Bangladesh for Forced Marriage
“Yet Israel's hand is not so weak. Russia has given it room to act against Iran-linked military interests and appears to be more interested in balancing contending fighting coalitions than returning every last piece of territory to the Assad regime's control,” the report continues.
Meanwhile, Israel is meeting with U.S. officials to hammer out the details of a joint strategy for dealing with Iran's presence in the Middle East. The White House national security adviser John Bolton, well-known for being hawkish on Iran and advocating for regime change there, will meet with their Israeli counterpart in Washington on Tuesday to discuss the two countries' approach. The two men will reportedly ratify an agreement for dealing with Iran's missile program and defeating its network of proxy fighters, which are scattered across the Middle East. They may also discuss ways the U.S. and Israeli armed forces can work together to defeat Iran militarily.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is also expected to meet with European leaders to discuss Iran next week.
This article was first written by Newsweek
More from Newsweek
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has welcomed Theresa May's decision to call a snap election, saying their party would offer an "effective alternative" to the Tories.
Mr Corbyn said the Prime Minister's surprise decision to call an election on June 8, almost three years earlier than the next scheduled ballot, would give the people the chance to vote for a government that will put the "majority first".
The Labour leader indicated that their MPs would support Mrs May's demand for an early election, which will require the backing of two-thirds of all MPs.
They said: "I welcome the Prime Minister's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first.
"Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a Government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS.
"In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain."
Meanwhile, a Labour MP who has been a consistently staunch critic of Mr Corbyn revealed they will not stand for re-election in the snap vote.
Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland MP Tom Blenkinsop criticised the leader last week after Labour lost a Middlesbrough council seat to the Tories on a by-election swing of 8%.
Two people have died in a head-on crash on Highway 377 west of Tolar and Campbell Road in far western Hood County, authorities said. 377 is closed near the wreck, and traffic is being rerouted.
Transcript for Amazon now offering in-car delivery service in 37 cities
And would you give someone the keys to your car if they promise to put your groceries and whatever you would purchase inside the car for you. Tonight Amazon's new service the retail giant. Now offering in car delivery service in 37 cities Amazon will leave packages inside the parked car deliveries are scanned sending a signal through the cloud. To unlock your high tech vehicle. If locks after they put your groceries or products in stock.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Tiny fish called Garra rufa eat dead human skin, making for a sort of pedicure. (Source: CTV Network via CNN)
(CNN) – A study released Tuesday details the case of a woman whose toenails fell off after they had a fish pedicure.
Fish pedicures involve putting your feet in a tub of water filled with tiny fish called Garra rufa, which eat dead human skin.
According to a new report in the journal JAMA Dermatology, the patient had received such a treatment and noticed later that their toenails began shedding.
The report's author said the woman had no other medical history that could be linked to their condition.
However, another expert disagrees, saying the woman's toenails could have fallen off because their toes were overlapping inside their shoes.
Experts have said that fish pedicures may carry a risk of infection.
Copyright 2018 CNN. All rights reserved.
Charles R. Wicks, 98, passed away September 19, 2017 with the love of their life by their side, at their home in Opp.
Mr. Wicks was born September 19, 1919, in Pierce County, MO, to Harry A. Wicks and Inez Rhea Wicks. They were a devoted husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather.  They are survived by their wife of 73 years, Doris Scofield Wicks of Opp, AL; sons, Charles Michael Wicks (Denise) and Thomas Alan Wicks (Linda); grandchildren, Matthew Wicks, Michele Wicks Gossett, Jennifer Wicks Hanson, Spencer Wicks and Tyler Wicks; and 13 great-grandchildren, all whom they loved and adored. They were preceded in death by their parents, Inez R. & Harry A. Wicks; and brother, Allison Wicks.
Mr. Wicks was a college graduate of the University of Missouri in 1941. After graduating, they joined the United States Army. They served their country in Europe during World War II as a forward observer and held several positions while in the European Theatre with their final rank as a Major. They were awarded the Bronze Star. They remained in the National Guard after World War II and became a Company Commander of an Armoured Tank Company, and transitioned the unit into an Engineer Company, which it remains today.
Mr. Wicks worked for Empire District Electric in Joplin, MO as a purchasing agent for 38 years. They served many years on the Pierce City, MO school board, while their sons were of school age, establishing a lunch program in the school system. They lived their life as a gentleman with Christian values. They lived a full life that included a long and happy marriage to their wife, a loving family, many friends, a strong Christian faith, passion and love.
Funeral services were held at 2 p.m Friday, September 22, 2017 from Wyatt Funeral Home Chapel with full military honors following in Peaceful Acres Memorial Gardens. Visitation was held one hour prior to the service. Mark Lilly and Mark Dees officiated. Serving as pallbearers were Matthew Wicks, Spencer Wicks, Tyler Wicks, Scott Banks, Allen Scofield and Lee Scofield.
In lieu of flowers memorials may be made to the First United Methodist Church, 209 East Ida Avenue, PO Box 126, Opp, AL 36467.
For nearly two days, outrage has steadily increased over President Trump's refusal to call out Nazis/white supremacists over Charlottesville violence. Instead, they blamed “many sides” for the deadly incidents that left three people dead, including one counterprotester who was allegedly murdered by James Alex Fields Jr. The White House unsuccessfully argued that their condemnation was evident, and Trump still didn't denounce those groups by name. Since the criticism just wouldn't stop, Trump made a surprise statement to the media, in which they did specifically condemn these groups.
Trump first addressed jobs and the economy, and they moved onto addressing how he'd met with FBI Director Christopher Wray, who will (alongside Attorney General Jeff Sessions) open a Department of Justice civil rights investigation into the death of Heather Heyer. Trump promised that “justice will be delivered,” and then they — finally — said those words:
“Racism is evil — and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including KKK, Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans. We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our Creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under the Constitution. Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.”
Trump also stressed that all Americans, regardless of race, are subject to the same laws. It was, clearly, a tightly-scripted speech (no ad-libbing this time) and one aimed at mitigating damage, especially after the president lashed out at an African-American CEO when they resigned from a manufacturing council on Monday morning. Trump may have alienated their white nationalist voting base, and the fallout there should be interesting, but will their efforts have any effect on the American public?
You can watch a longer clip of Trump's relevant comments below.
(Via CNN)
ASHTON — On Wednesday, seniors at Hannan Junior/Senior High School received thousands of dollars in scholarships prior to receiving their diplomas this Saturday.
Receiving special recognition were:
WVU Scholarship of Distinction: Sara Lewis. Marshall University Scholarships: Opportunity Grant – Emily Smith. A Michael Perry Scholarship – Lindsey Holley, Shane Pickens, Jacob Tomlinson. Board of Governor's Scholarship – Sara Lewis. John Laidley Scholarship – Cassidy Duffer. John Marshall Scholarship – Jayson Bowen. Dr. Milton J Lilly Scholarship: Emilee Wallace.
WV Trio Scholarship: Jayson Bowen. Epperly Memorial Scholarship: Jayson Bowen. Andrea Bailes Scholarship: Jayson Bowen. MU Hats Scholarship: Cassidy Duffer. PROMISE Scholar Eligible Students: Jayson Bowen, Cassidy Duffer, Lindsey Holley, Sara Lewis, Jacob Tomlinson, Emilee Wallace. Robert & Louise Claflin Foundation Scholarship: Jayson Bowen.
Hannan Alumni Scholarship: Jayson Bowen, Cassidy Duffer, Lindsey Holley, Sierra Mayes, Jacob Tomlinson, Emilee Wallace. Don & Dorothy Sturgeon Scholarship: Jayson Bowen, Cassidy Duffer, Lindsey Holley, Sierra Mayes, Jacob Tomlinson, Emilee Wallace. Mason County Scholarship of Promise: Jessica Dalton. Mason County Commissioner's Scholarship: Jacob Tomlinson. Milton Rotary Scholarship: Jayson Bowen, Cassidy Duffer. Mason County Chamber of Commerce: Cassidy Duffer. Jack & Babs Fruth Scholarship: Jayson Bowen.
Gordon C & Mildred R Jackson Foundation Scholarship: Jayson Bowen, Cassidy Duffer, Emilee Wallace. Charlie Lilly Memorial Scholarship: Cassidy Duffer. Mason County Education Association Scholarship: Julie Wallace. Wilcoxen Funeral Home Scholarship: Cassidy Duffer, Lindsey Holley. Dave Barton Memorial Scholarship: Cassidy Duffer. Mason County Association of Retired School Employees: Cassidy Duffer.
Jerry Romine Memorial Scholarship: Jayson Bowen. Road Angels Car Club Scholarship: Nathan McQueen. EQT Student of Excellence: Cassidy Duffer. Holzer Health System Science Award: Cassidy Duffer. Delta Kappa Gamma Scholarship: Cassidy Duffer. Ohio Valley Electric Corporation Scholarship: Nathan McQueen. WV Army National Guard Tuition Package: Christopher Connor, David Scott, Josie Cooper.
The Class of 2018 will celebrate commencement at 11 a.m., Saturday, June 2 at the Hannan Junior/Senior High School gymnasium.
Awards listing provided by Hannan Junior/Senior High School.
http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/05/web1_3.18-PPR-Graphic-25.jpg
Transcript for High stakes for congressional election in Georgia
Jon Karl for more. All kinds of question, John, about the merging of the president's business, family's businesses with government action and saw Cecilia's report right there. It's also being raised in the whole debate over tax reform. You talked to the White House yesterday about that. Democrats saying that they're going to have to see how any tax reform will affect trump's bottom line. Reporter: Yeah, Democrat, keep in mind they need Democrats to pass tax reform. This needs to be a bipartisan approach if it's going to have any chance of passing in congress and, George, what Democrats are saying is they want to see Donald Trump's tax returns before they agree to anything on tax reform because they want to know how the tax changes would affect trump and the trump organization. Meanwhile, you were in the White House briefing room sudden with Sean spicer. They made it about as clear as they have in the past although they were a little circumspect that they won't release the tax returns. Reporter: I asked them point blank can we now just acknowledge the president is never ever going to release their tax returns and Sean instead of kind of pushing back on that says I'll just have to get back to you on this. They're no longer saying they will certainly release them if whatever audit they may or may not be under is complete. They're saying, look, maybe they just won't ever release those tax returns. The president weighing in on the election down in Georgia. They did this Robo call overnight. Let's listen. Hello, this is president Donald Trump, liberal Democrats from outside of Georgia are spending millions and millions of dollars trying to make your Republican congressional seat away from you. Don't let them do it. Jon, he's up and tweeting early this morning. Reporter: A fascinating race and saying if we simply get to a runoff and if the Democrat gets less than 50% this will be a victory. This is a fascinating district because it has been Republican for years. This was newt Gingrich's district but Donald Trump only won it by one percentage point last year. We will watch today. Jon Karl, thanks very much.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The hype that followed the single release of Migos, “Motorsport” featuring Nicki Minaj and Cardi B is not over just yet. What if Jay-Z hopped on the track to do the remix? Well while we may not have an actual verse from Jay we have something just as good. Rising rapper/Producer BboyStance went viral after posting a video of themselves impersonating Hov while they freestyled over the track, and they definitely came with the heat.
With lyrics like “pull the top down in the winter time, my off season is summer goals” I adjust different, I am just different, and “I got Bitcoins, you got big coins, we invest different” Bboy absolutely captured the essence of Hov's flow. From their ability to ride the beat, to their usage of double entendre's, all while dropping some knowledge. To hear the verse watch below.
Tackling the key for Hyland 14 June 2017
Kildare's David Hyland.
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne. Kildare's David Hyland.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne.
Kildare defender David Hyland has revealed that the Lilywhites have been working hard on their tackling.
Hyland will be putting all he's learnt over the last few months into action this Saturday when Kildare takes on neighbours and rivals Meath in the Leinster SFC semi-final at O'Connor Park.
The Athy defender revealed to the Leinster Leader that they have worked a lot to hone their tackling skills as they bid to reach the level of the top teams.
“When you look back on Dublin and Mayo last year, I thought the Mayo tackling was outstanding, second to none and it is something I have concentrated on big time and strive to get right for every match,” said Hyland.
“That is something we have been working on very hard; every night we go through our tackling, it is one aspect that the management team really concentrate on.
“The team has a lot of pace not only in whatever fifteen start but some serious talent and pace on the bench and we know at this stage that even when coming to training if you are not going to be at your full peak you will be left behind and that really stands to us as it did throughout the entire league campaign.”
People in North Korea watch a news report on the country's first hydrogen bomb test - This content is subject to copyright.
A US military assault on North Korea could prompt a last gasp retaliatory nuclear attack by Pyongyang on Seoul and Japan killing as many as 3.8 million people, according to a new analysis of the destructive potential of Kim Jong-un arsenal.
Donald Trump has repeatedly warned that all options remain on the table – including the use of force – in dealing with the North Korean threat.
However, analysts say the US is hamstrung by Pyongyang's growing weapons stockpile and the fact that major population centres lie well within its range.
A detailed analysis by 38 North, a programme at the US-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, has crunched the numbers, based on North Korea's likely arsenal of as many as 25 weapons with possible yields of up to 250 kilotons, of the sort tested last month.
Using population density figures and blast radius estimates, Michael Zaguruk, calculated that a single detonation over Seoul could kill almost 800,000 people and over Tokyo would kill almost 700,000.
View photos Kim Jong-un with regime engineers at an undisclosed location Credit: Korea News Service via AP More
Those numbers rise to a combined total of almost four million dead if North Korea manages to launch multiple rockets carrying its latest thermonuclear bomb.
And that is without considering the effects of radioactive fallout.
The numbers are a sobering reminder of the difficulties of dealing with Mr Kim and their nuclear arsenal.
Mr Zaguruk explains the possible measures available to the US and the possible response.
“This could include such options as attempting to shoot down the test missiles or possibly attacking North Korea's missile testing, nuclear related sites, missile deployment areas or the Kim regime itself,” they write.
“The North Korean leadership might perceive such an attack as an effort to remove the Kim family from power and, as a result, could retaliate with nuclear weapons as a last gasp reaction before annihilation.”
US discussions of military options raises risk of military escalation by #NorthKorea--Michael Zagurek shows human cost if DPRK were to launch #nuclear attack on Seoul or Tokyohttps://t.co/jescZwcTNX — 38 North (@38NorthNK) October 4, 2017
Boris Johnson, the Foreign Secretary, admitted the scale of the problem last month.
They said: “It's certainly our view that none of the military options are good...the distance between North Korea and Seoul is very, very small and they could basically vaporise large parts of the South Korean population even with conventional weapons, so that's not really very easy to threaten or to deliver.”
Meanwhile, North Korea continues to press ahead with its nuclear and missile programmes.
Fresh reports circulated on Friday that a long-range missile, capable of reaching the west coast of the US, was being prepared for testing.
Anton Morozov, a member of the Russian lower house of parliament's international affairs committee, made the claim after returning from a visit to North Korea.
"They are preparing for new tests of a long-range missile. They even gave us mathematical calculations that they believe prove that their missile can hit the west coast of the United States," they said, according to the RIA news agency.
"As far as we understand, they intend to launch one more long-range missile in the near future. And in general, their mood is rather belligerent."
Volunteer fire departments face recruitment struggles
MIKE CAUSEY
Guest Columnist
Over the past few weeks, I've been touring volunteer fire departments and talking to firefighters and emergency workers in all regions of our great state.
These firefighters, who selflessly give their time and effort to help all of us in almost any kind of emergency, confirmed something I already knew: Many volunteer fire departments are struggling with membership recruitment and retention.
The problem isn't new, nor is it unique to North Carolina. Volunteer fire departments are having difficulty recruiting and retaining members nationwide.
It wasn't always that way. Cherryville Fire Chief Jeff Cash told our office that decades ago, things were a lot different.
“When I first broke into the service back in the late 1970s, volunteer fire departments had a waiting list,” Cash said.
They serve on the Executive Committee of the National Volunteer Fire Council (NVFC). They said that “someone almost had to die” to create a volunteer firefighting vacancy when they first got into fire service.
The NVFC has studied the issue and notes that there is no one reason for the shortage. Among the top factors, the report says, are “more demands on people's time in a hectic modern society; more stringent training requirements; population shifts from smaller towns to urban centers; changes in the nature of small town industry and farming; internal leadership problems; and a decline in the sense of civic responsibility.”
Previously, when more businesses were locally owned, business-owners were more vested in their communities. They'd let their employees take off to fight fires. Now, many businesses not locally owned don't look as favorably toward such practices.
In addition, many employees now have longer commutes to work. That makes it more difficulty for would-be firefighters to balance time spent with their families and time necessary for fire department training and firefighting.
Speaking of training, volunteer firefighters in North Carolina are required to complete 36 hours of training every year to qualify for certain benefits. Local departments are also allowed to set other training standards and are required to offer at least four hours of training a month for their members.
The NVFC report also notes other reasons that fire departments may have difficulty retaining volunteers. Cultural reasons and department leadership come into play.
Just as there is no one reason for the membership recruitment and retention problem, there is no one solution.
However, part of the solution is to encourage younger men and women to get involved in firefighting and emergency services.
As the state fire marshal, I recently visited the High School Firefighter Challenge held in Buncombe County.
Last fall, 27 of our high schools had firefighter academy programs, where teenagers can learn firefighting skills and fight virtual fires. More high school programs could be added this fall. These classes are taught by firefighters, people who know what they're doing.
Other fire departments have a junior firefighter program, allowing teenagers to learn the skills and develop a rapport with volunteer and professional mentors.
Both programs produce gung-ho firefighters. Many go on to professional or volunteer firefighting. Some do both.
I applaud the youth who are training to make a difference in their communities, along with all the fire chiefs and firefighters – both volunteer and professional – who literally risk their lives to save ours and make our communities safer.
I encourage leaders in volunteer fire departments to make an extra effort to make sure that their members have a sense of belonging. The NVFC report offers suggestions on how to do that.
The need for firefighters and first responders will have to be met. If we're unable to get enough volunteers, counties and their taxpayers will feel the pressure to fill the void.
In closing, I'd be remiss if I didn't thank all the firefighters and emergency personnel for the work that they do in making North Carolina's communities a great place to live. I also want to thank their families for the sacrifices they make when these men and women answer the call of public service.
Mike Causey is North Carolina's insurance commissioner and state fire marshal.
From Redbook
Chrissy Teigen is known for a lot of things - like trolling TF out of Donald Trump on Twitter, their life as a foodie, and being goofy with their husband. But in the past year, one aspect of Teigen's identity has come to define them more and more: their status as a mother to one-year-old Luna. Teigen recently opened up about the decision to become a mother and the fact that it's not for everyone .
In Tiegen's chat with Refinery29, the interviewer brought up in passing the fact that she, personally, was unsure whether they would eventually want to become a mom. The model quickly jumped in to praise them for being so open about the possibility of not having kids. "I think it's really commendable to even doubt the process out loud, because I don't feel like people should be pressured to have children," Teigen said. "I'm sure that when you announce that fact to somebody, they're very quick to be like, 'Gasp! Why don't you want kids?'"
Teigen went on to explain that she'd never been the type of person to harp on why someone doesn't want to be a parent - because she's a smart person who realizes that women have more to their lives than just being a mom - despite the fact that they had a dream pregnancy with Luna and very publicly adores being their little girl's mom. More importantly, Teigen is well aware that many women have life plans that don't involve children at all: "I've never been that way with people, because I don't think any of us should assume all women's goals are to have kids," they said. "It's a choice!"
The Sports Illustrated model also revealed that, prior to having Luna, they hadn't had any substantial fears about having kids, largely because the ordeal of having Luna (she and husband John Legend openly used IVF to conceive) was such a process. When you're pouring thousands of dollars into fertility treatments, it leaves little room for doubt, I'd imagine.
Despite that, Teigen (who struggled with postpartum depression after giving birth last year) does believe that being a mom changes who you are as a person. "You definitely do have to change. You just have to," they said. "You naturally change because there's something else that consumes your mind at all times and I don't think you can help that, but you can still be cool!"
If there's anyone who proves that you can be a mom and still be cool, it's definitely Teigen, Twitter clap-back extraordinaire.
(h/t Scary Mommy)
Follow Redbook on Facebook.
You Might Also Like
Health authorities in Jakarta have started a special immunisation programme to control an "extraordinary" outbreak of diphtheria, which could have serious consequences for next year's Asian Games in the Indonesian capital.
Health officials revealed diphtheria cases have increased by 42 per cent since last year and that 590 cases of the bacterial infection have been recorded across Indonesia, resulting in 32 deaths.
The bulk of cases have been recorded in Jakarta, which is set to host the Asian Games next year, along with Palembang, the capital of South Sumatra Province.
The city finds itself in a similar situation to Rio de Janeiro before the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games when Brazil had worries about the Zika virus.
Jakarta Governor Anies Baswedan expressed their worry at the situation.
"If we have an extraordinary event like this [diphtheria outbreak], it might mean the Asian Games would not be a success and that could become a burden for us in the Health Department," they said.
Monday's immunisation programme, which will be rolled out in other provinces in the coming weeks, has seen mothers take their children to receive free vaccinations at a clinic in West Jakarta
Experts say that the immunisation programme was necessary and well-timed as the diphtheria outbreak could spread uncontrollably in an event like the Asian Games, which could see thousands of people congregate in one relatively small area.
Mothers have been taking their children for vaccinations against the infection in a clinic in Jakarta ©Getty Images
Diphtheria causes a thick covering in the back of the throat and can lead to difficulty breathing, heart failure, paralysis and even death.
“Events that have mass gatherings make it easy for the disease to spread, so it is important now to provide as much [immunization] coverage as possible," Dr Vinod Bura, acting representative of the World Health Organisation (WHO) in Jakarta said.
Health Minister Nila Moeloek warned that the disease could still spread rapidly as some people lack access to healthcare whilst others believe that vaccinations do not work.
"We must emphasise that this [vaccination] is beneficial," Moeloek said.
"f the benefits outweigh the disadvantages, this is a necessity."
Rates of diphtheria in Indonesia are among the world's highest, along with India and several African countries.
Worldwide rates are down considerably across the rest of the world with the WHO recording 7,000 cases of diphtheria last year, compared to 100,000 in 1980.
The 2018 Asian Games are scheduled to take place from August 18 to September 2.
When Peter Yarrow and Noel Paul Stookey of the iconic folk group Peter, Paul and Mary take the stage in Anaheim on Saturday shadows of the past will join in the room, Stookey says.
"When Peter and I do a show together it's a bit nostalgic," Stookey says. "It can't help but be, because we're singing 60 years of history."
But the music and its message remain as strong and alive as it was when Yarrow, Stookey and the late Mary Travers first burst onto the scene, Stookey says, and it might be as relevant and needed today as it was when the trio first emerged as a large part of the sound of the '60s at the start of that decade.
"Because of the changing political times, and the one we're now, there's an urgency not only to reconnect, but also to reconfirm some of the values that folk music and it's ethic have proposed for countless years," Stookey says.
"Puff (The Magic Dragon)" might be their best known song, and "Leaving On A Jet Plane" their only No. 1 hit but Peter, Paul and Mary also popularized the role of music as protest with covers of songs such as "Blowin' In The Wind" by the then-still-little-known Bob Dylan and "If I Had A Hammer (The Hammer Song)," a Pete Seeger composition, both of which they famously sang at the Lincoln Memorial in 1963 as part of the March on Washington, the landmark civil rights rally at which Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered their "I Have a Dream" speech.
Yarrow was typically the more politically motivated singer-songwriter in the group, while Stookey often focused on the spiritual, they say. That continues to this day, with the handful of concerts they play together as a duo featuring not just Peter, Paul and Mary tunes, but solo work from both of the surviving members.
"My solo performances are about, I'd say, 90 percent the spiritual component of the political, and Peter's are, I think, about 90 percent the political perspective of the spiritual," Stookey says with a laugh. "But the fact is we both come from the ethic of folk music, which Noel says, because he's on a roll, not wanting to slow down, had an impact, more of an impact than people recognize, especially in the early '60s.
"All of the genres started to decide then that you didn't have to talk about boy-girl relationships, and that there were things we shared in common as a people that deserved discussion," they say. "And if an artist like Springsteen or Paul Simon or Joni Mitchell or Peter, Paul and Mary could bring up a subject on stage, then it could encourage a kind of discourse."
Travers, who died in 2009, is absent but never forgotten in the shows that Stookey and Yarrow play.
"It quickly becomes obvious that the audience is fulfilling Mary's role," Stookey says. "Peter and I sometimes find ourselves playing guitar and singing harmony and holding on for dear life."
The different backgrounds and eclectic interests of the Yarrow, Stookey and Travers greatly contributed to the legacy and appeal of the trio that still endures, Stookey says.
"One of us was bound to speak to the Midwesterner with humor and a baritone voice like Bing Crosby," they say referring to their own background. "And another was going to be an intense representative of the cultural Jew with all the guilt and responsibility that they had. And the other was this brassy good-looking woman who'd been on the front of picket lines.
"Somewhere out of that mix the audience is pretty broad," Stookey says. "And sometimes we were criticized for that, that we had no specific cultural right to sing Appalachian songs or Elizabethan songs or blues, but the wonderful thing about folk music is that it is inclusive, and in its most loving expression it allows the performer to invest the ethic with their authentic representation."
Stookey is concerned, to put it mildly, about the direction they see the country heading, and hopes that the role of folk music and musicians might once again rise up in common voice.
"I do think that the times in which we live are going to bring forth from a lot of performers in one sense disbelief, but as always, it is helpful to identify the problem and then people bring their own inventions to the solution," they say. "Sometimes a performer can contribute, when they see a clear-cut answer or path or remedy, they may suggest it in a song.
"I think we may be seeing a lot of that in the next four years."
But even more than protest songs or rallies Stookey says their faith in humanity and the grace that comes with love give the greatest hope of all.
"I draw so much strength from the ultimate core of life itself," they say. "I think that love in so many circumstances is the answer. The Beatles didn't just make that up, I think they discovered it, and many of us do.
"And they recognize that a soft word, a respectful word, is quite often more of a contributing word toward peace than a retaliation or a demonstration of power. I find some kind of strength to that in concerts, and my performances tend to salute that perspective."
Contact the writer: 714-796-7787 or plarsen@scng.com
BEREA, Ohio - Defensive end Myles Garrett, the draft's first overall pick, went to the ground in pain after a pass rush during team drills in the Cleveland Browns minicamp practice on Wednesday.
Coach Hue Jackson spoke to the media immediately after practice and could not assess if the injury was serious.
"That's part of the game," Jackson said. "Obviously I don't want to get any of our players nicked, hurt, any of that. But hopefully things will be fine. We don't want to lose any player, especially not one of our really good players.
"But hopefully things will be OK, and I think they will be. I don't know that for sure but we'll find out as I go inside."
Garrett was working with the backup defense during a two-minute drill. They got off the line quickly and beat the right tackle as they rushed quarterback Brock Osweiler. The play was whistled for a sack, but Garrett landed on their left foot after they had extended toward Osweiler.
They immediately went to the ground, kneeling with their head on the ground. Trainers checked them and they limped to the sidelines, where they again had their left foot checked without theirs shoe.
They did not leave the sidelines, something Jackson said they took as a "good sign." When the siren sounded for a lightning warning, Garrett limped into the fieldhouse with teammates.
"I'll know more once we get inside, but I think it's their foot," Jackson said. "So we'll see. I don't know how it happened. Those things happen. Hopefully everything's OK."
Garrett had missed some practice time in offseason work for an undisclosed issue that was not believed to be serious. Jackson would and could not say if the problem in minicamp was the same one that had been bothering him.
"Glad it's toward the end (of offseason work)," Jackson said. "He did some good things today and we'll see where we are."
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a man in Preston.
Officers were called by the ambulance service on Sunday morning at around 8.30am after a man, possibly in their 60s, was found unconscious and partially clothed on Hammond Street, near to Plungington Community Centre.
They had suffered a head injury and was taken to Royal Preston Hospital in a critical condition but died later.
Lancashire Police says the 19-year-old is from Bolton and is currently in police custody.
DI Pete Danby from Preston Police said: “We are still appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to come forward. If you know anything please get in touch.
“I would like to continue to reassure local residents that we have a team of officers investigating this and we have stepped up our presence in the area.”
A post mortem examination to establish the cause of the man's death is still to take plave.
Anyone with information is asked to call us on 101 quoting incident reference 768 of January 1st 2017.
Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or online at Crimestoppers-uk.org.
This year's USAA Air Hockey World Championships were held from Oct. 20-22 at Rice University in Houston, Texas. Industry sponsors of the competitive event included Gold Standard Games and Valley-Dynamo. 21-year-old Jacob Weissman, a Houston native, won their first title in a surprising upset against Vadim Chiznevskiv, a player from Moscow who came in second. Weismann carries on a family legacy, adding to their father Tim Weissman's 10 world titles.
Third place went to two-time USAA champ Colin Cummings of Beaumont, Texas, who has a long career ahead of them at 18 years old. Fourth place went to long-time air hockey veteran Brian Accrocco, also from Houston.
The Friday night Doubles competition was won by Danny Hynes and Brian Accrocco. The Women's title went to Lilo Daher of the University of Houston.
For more information on air hockey promotions, go to www.goldstandardairhockey.com, or www.valley-dynamo.com.
The scams most likely to catch customers out have been revealed by NatWest as it works to raise awareness of the common tricks used by fraudsters.
The bank said its records show nearly 7,000 customers have become the victims of scams since the start of 2016.
Here are the top five scams affecting NatWest customers and what they are:
1. Goods not received - You pay for goods or services but do not receive them from the seller.
2. Advance fee fraud - Fraudsters ask you for an advance or up-front payments for goods, services and/or financial gains that do not materialise.
3. Spoof payment requests - You receive a fraudulent request, purporting to be from someone senior in a company or a client, for payment or draw down of funds.
4. Invoice fraud - You are tricked into believing an invoice is from a trusted trading partner when it is not. The fraudster will tell you their payment information has changed and you should pay the new account.
5. Holiday scam - You book a holiday, usually online, to find out later that the holiday is not real.
"Goods not received" cases - when someone pays for items or services that never turn up, typically in online auctions or marketplaces - account for around three in 10 scams carried out against the bank's customers.
NatWest said customers can protect themselves by checking the item description carefully and reading the website's dispute resolution policy before buying.
Customers should also use recognised, official payment services and not pay via direct bank transfer off-site, the bank said.
Business customers can also be victims of scams, with "invoice fraud" responsible for particularly big losses.
This happens when a business receives an invoice that appears to be from a trusted trading partner, but is actually fake.
The fraudster typically says payment arrangements have changed and that the customer should pay the outstanding balance to the new account, which is operated by the fraudster.
Each business targeted loses, on average, £30,000 to this type of fraud.
The findings were released as NatWest held an event in Westminster to highlight fraud, and an initiative from National Trading Standards called Friends Against Scams.
Les Matheson, NatWest chief executive of personal and business banking, said: "We know scammers can be convincing and they work round the clock to persuade their victims to part with money.
"We have hundreds of people working 24/7 to detect and stop fraud, but it's very important that, as individuals and businesses, we know how to protect ourselves."
THAT'S not what you said in the Jeffries' Tube (AKA Miss S B and The Yorksher Gob) The Blood is the Life for 17-04-2017
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Pope Francis' decision to move the World War II-era head of Poland's Catholic Church a step closer to possible sainthood has hit a stumbling block, after two leading Jewish organizations and even Polish Catholic publications called them out for anti-Semitic views.
It's not clear if the protests will derail the sainthood cause of Cardinal August Hlond, but in the past the Vatican has taken such protests seriously and at the very least put the cases up for closer review.
In May, Francis approved a decree recognizing Hlond's "heroic virtues." Now the Vatican must confirm a miracle attributed to Hlond's intercession for them to be beatified, and a second one for them to be made a saint.
Hlond was the highest-ranking Polish church official from 1926 to their death in 1948.
Heavyweight streetwear brand DOPE is set to announce a limited collaboration with BET Network at their Kicksperience Pop Up Party on June 17th. The exclusive collab marks the first clothing collaboration for BET in their 30+ year history. The DOPE x BET collab is built around the “BET CITY” vintage black t-shirt, which features vintage BET logos on the back, and will inspire nostalgia for those who grew up on BET, Hip Hop and Music Videos. The collaboration is most definitely a level up for both companies and will help diversify the audience for both.
We will keep you posted as more info emerges on the collaboration.
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union's top environment official has warned several member countries that they face legal action if they continue to flout the bloc's air quality standards.
Environment Commissioner Karmenu Vella said Tuesday that "we cannot go on postponing and delaying," noting that some countries are still failing to meet deadlines set for 2005 and 2010.
Their warning came after talks with representatives from Britain, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Romania, Slovakia and Spain.
Vella said some had proposed new measures to meet EU air quality standards governing particles levels from sources like vehicle exhausts or industry, but that at first view the measures appear insufficient.
They gave the countries until the end of next week to formally submit the proposals for EU Commission analysis.
PA observer at the UN, Riyad Mansour, says Gaza escalation followed an "Israeli provocation".
Riyad Mansour, the Palestinian Authority (PA) observer at the UN, on Wednesday blamed Israel for the latest escalation in Gaza.
Their comments, quoted by Yediot Aharonot, came at an emergency session of the Security Council on the rocket fire from Gaza.
"The latest war began following an Israeli provocation. Israel is concerned about presenting itself as a victim in the whole story, and forgets that it is the dominant and occupying force in the Palestinian territories,” charged Mansour.
"The fact that the IDF killed innocent and unarmed civilians, including children, in demonstrations on May 14 seems to have been forgotten,” they added.
The U.S. requested Wednesday's session following Tuesday's barrage of more than 80 rockets and mortars that were fired from Gaza at southern Israel.
During the meeting, Kuwait blocked a U.S.-drafted statement that would have strongly condemned the firing of rockets and mortar shells on Israel.
The United States had circulated the draft text ahead of the emergency Council meeting. Kuwait, a non-permanent council member that represents Arab countries, said that it was blocking the statement to allow for consideration of a draft resolution it has put forward on the protection of Gazan civilians.
Mansour in their remarks referred to the violent riots along the Israel-Gaza border on May 14, the day on which the United States Embassy relocated from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
The riots were openly encouraged by Hamas and, while civilians were indeed among those killed, Hamas admitted that the majority of those killed in the riots were members of the group
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — The owner of the Charleston Gazette-Mail, which won a Pulitzer Prize last year for its coverage of the state's opioid drug crisis, has warned its entire staff of pending layoffs and said it plans to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and find a potential buyer.
The Gazette-Mail reports its owner, Charleston Newspapers, issued the 60-day layoff notice to its 209 employees Monday afternoon.
Charleston Newspapers President Trip Shumate said the company plans to file for Chapter 11 protection Tuesday.
The newspaper said buyers are being sought and the highest current bidder was Wheeling-based Ogden Newspapers, which owns more than 40 daily newspapers nationwide, including several in West Virginia. Any potential buyer would have the decision whether to retain the employees.
An after-hours call to Ogden Newspapers wasn't immediately returned late Monday.
The Charleston Gazette and Charleston Daily Mail combined newsrooms in 2015. Their business, circulation, advertising and production departments had been one unit since 1958.
In April 2017, Gazette-Mail reporter Eric Eyre won a Pulitzer Prize for investigative reporting on the opioid crisis.
Last week a federal judge upheld an arbitrator's ruling that ordered Charleston Newspapers to pay nearly $3.8 million to MediaNews Group, the former owners of the Charleston Daily Mail. The figure represented the profit from the Charleston Newspapers' sale of the Daily Mail, including its internet address, and other fees and costs.
Earlier this month, a MediaNews Group official disclosed in court documents that negotiations were ongoing with an undisclosed bidder to purchase the Gazette-Mail.
While Ogden Newspapers was identified as the highest current bidder, other potential bidders would be allowed to step forward. Shumate said the hope is that all of the Gazette-Mail's employees would be rehired by the new owner.
"Once free from the liabilities that have been holding our operations back, we hope that they will be able to maintain the high level of journalism our customers and this community have come to expect," Shumate said.
In a letter to employees, Publisher Susan Chilton Shumate said the newspaper "has been my family's passion for the last century.
"To follow in the footsteps of Ned Chilton, my father, and Betty Chilton, my mother, as publisher of this paper has been a tremendous honor for me and my family. At the end of this process, we will be letting go of that passion."
Happy Fourth of July! Celebrate Independence Day with this fruity star-spangled sangria from lifestyle blog Heart and Seam.
Interested in 4th of July? Add 4th of July as an interest to stay up to date on the latest 4th of July news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
From fashion and beauty to wellness and recipes Heart and Seam founder Janet Cooke shares real-life experiences on their blog from their home in New Hampshire -- including their festive and tasty summer sangria recipe.
Heart and Seam Lifestyle Blog
"This is a fun festive spin on a classic sangria recipe," Cooke told "GMA." "The best part about this recipe is that you can make it in large batches so it's perfect for a Fourth of July cookout where there will be lots of family and friends to enjoy."
Check out the full recipe and pour this red, wine and blueberry beverage all day for friends and family.
Heart and Seam Lifestyle Blog
Ingredients
1 bottle red wine (I like Pinot Noir or Shiraz)
1-1/2 cups cranberry juice
1 cup brandy
juice from one large orange
2 cups fresh blueberries
8 ounces fresh strawberries cut in quarters
Club soda
Directions
To a large pitcher add wine, cranberry juice, brandy and orange juice.
Add blueberries and strawberries. Chill for a few hours.
To serve, fill glasses half full with ice and use a slotted spoon to add fruit from the pitcher to each glass. Pour liquid over ice and fruit, top with club soda and serve.
Tips
Add raspberries, blackberries and even apples to create even more of a festive drink.
Be sure to add the ice to the glasses and not the pitcher itself. You will dilute the sangria if you add directly to the pitcher.
Eric Thames homered in their club record-tying fifth straight game and the streaking Milwaukee Brewers turned back the Chicago Cubs 6-3 on Monday night.
Milwaukee never trailed after the Thames hit an opposite-field homer to snap a 3-3 tie in the third inning. Jeromy Burnitz became the first and last Brewers player to homer in five straight games in August, 1997.
Ryan Braun and Jeff Bandy also went deep for Milwaukee, the only team to hit as many as three homers in a game off Chicago starter John Lackey (1-2) last season. The victory was the Brewers' sixth in the last seven games.
The Cubs lost for a fourth straight time, their worst stretch since a five-game skid from July 5-9 last season.
Brewers starter Chase Anderson (2-0) pitched five innings of three-run, seven-hit ball to pick up the victory. They walked two batters and struck out five. Neftali Felix pitched a scoreless ninth for their fifth save in as many tries.
Milwaukee added a pair of insurance runs in the eighth inning on Braun's RBI double and steal of third base followed by catcher Willson Contreras' throwing error.
Chicago trailed 3-1 when Albert Almora Jr. reached Anderson for a two-run double in the third inning. The hit scored Jason Heyward and Miguel Montero, who had led off with singles.
It took the Brewers three batters to break through against Lackey in the first inning.
After the Thames extended their hit streak to 10 games with a one-out double, Braun unloaded their seventh homer in the last nine games versus the Cubs. Braun's 651st extra-base hit moved them into second place with Paul Molitor on the Brewers' all-time list.
Chicago closed to within 2-1 on Ben Zobrist's two-out single in the bottom half of the inning.
Bandy quickly restored the two-run lead with a homer to open the second inning.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Brewers: RHP Matt Garza (strained right groin) had their rehab start moved from Triple A Colorado Springs to Class A Wisconsin on Monday due to forecast of rain in Nashville. The hope is that Garza can pitch with no limits before their return to the parent club this weekend. . RHP Junior Guerra (strained right calf) began workouts on a treadmill. Manager Craig Counsell offered no timetable for their return.
TRADING PLACES
Chicago RHP Carl Edwards Jr. was activated after bereavement leave and OF Tommy La Stella was placed on the same list. Edwards was available for the opener of the three-game series against Milwaukee.
La Stella is 1 for 4 with one double and one RBI in six games this season.
UP NEXT
Brewers: RHP Jimmy Nelson (1-0, 1.38) will take a 1-6 career record versus the Cubs into their start on Tuesday.
Cubs: LHP Brett Anderson (1-0, 0.84) will get the call against the Brewers on Tuesday. They have no decisions in two career starts against them.
By MARIA DANILOVA
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - New federal data show that black students continue to be expelled and suspended from school much more frequently than their white peers.
The report released by the Education Department on Tuesday is likely to add to an already tense national debate about what causes such racial disparities. Civil rights groups believe that racial bias is at play and insist that federal protections are necessary. Other experts say that imposing discipline restrictions on schools causes chaos in classrooms.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is considering scrapping Obama-era rules that were meant to counter those disparities.
Data shows that while black students represented 8 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-2016, they accounted for 25 percent of suspensions. Black girls made up 8 percent of all students and 14 percent of suspensions.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bitesize blockbusters will be showcased across Sunderland when the city rolls out the red carpet for the North East's biggest festival of short films.
A series of screenings for Sunderland Shorts 4, will be shown at four venues in the city, from May 3-5.
The Peacock, the Fire Station, Sunderland Museum and Winter Gardens, and The Looking Glass, formerly The Place in Sunniside, will be the venues showing the mini masterpieces.
Event organiser, Anne Tye, festival director, said: “We are delighted that so many venues jumped at the chance to host screenings – it is real recognition of the fact Sunderland Shorts has very quickly become a much-valued part of the city's cultural calendar.
“It is important to us that the people of Sunderland embrace this festival and the important role it plays in our cultural offer, but it is equally vital that we showcase our fantastic city to the many people who arrive here for the festival itself – by scheduling screenings at different locations we are demonstrating the beauty of Sunniside, lively new social offer of the Peacock and The Looking Glass, our historical past in the Museum and Winter Gardens and our fantastic new arts and culture hub at the Fire Station.”
The first screening will be a pre-event showcase of short films made by students from the region's universities and young people on Wednesday May 2, at the Peacock, just off Keel Square.
The professional competition gets underway on the evening of Thursday May 3 at The Fire Station and the Friday night of the festival will see a late-night showcase of horror movies at the Museum and Winter Gardens.
Toronto Raptors guard Norman Powell (24) reacts after dunking against the Milwaukee Bucks during the second half of game five of an NBA first-round playoff series basketball game in Toronto on Monday, April 24, 2017. (Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press via AP)
With an impressive showing in the 2017 playoffs, Norman Powell has quickly developed into one of the league's most promising young two-way guards. And it's that progression the Toronto Raptors are counting on after signing Powell to a four-year, $42-million contract extension on Thursday.
Powell, who was drafted 46th overall in the 2015 NBA Draft, has averaged just 7.3 points in two NBA seasons. Those numbers are hardly worth writing home about, but the UCLA alumnus began turning heads with 11.7 ppg and 44 per cent shooting from beyond the arc in nine playoff games last season. With Powell's role set to expand in 2017-18, Raptors President Masai Ujiri jumped at the opportunity to lock up their prized combo-guard before they become a restricted free agent next summer.
Powell has quickly become a fan favourite in Toronto; he's easily the team's most athletic player and their relentless desire to attack the rim has won the hearts of the Raptors faithful. But Powell is going to have to elevate their game if they are to justify a hefty raise that will see their annual salary jump from $1.14 million to $10.5 million.
In their first two NBA seasons, Powell has been below average in player efficiency rating and three-point shooting ― the latter stat category increasingly becoming more significant in today's NBA. They barely pushed the needle in any direction in terms of the Raptors' plus-minus and, as already mentioned, their career PPG leaves some to be desired. But if their performance in Toronto's 106-101 preseason loss to Portland is any indication, Powell appears to be primed for a breakout year.
Starting at shooting guard, Powell scored 15 points while going 3-4 from beyond the arc in 25 minutes on Wednesday night. That stat line comes after scoring 16 points on 5-8 shooting in 24 minutes Sunday night against the L.A. Clippers. They averaged just 18 minutes per game in 2016-17, but with their role set to expand, Powell is likely to see 25-30 minutes per game in the upcoming season. It's a small sample size, but their preseason output suggests Powell will make a strong case to justify their contract extension.
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — South Africa's deputy president says anyone who acts corruptly must be punished regardless of identity, in a message reflecting national discontent with scandal-tainted President Jacob Zuma and their associates.
Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa made the remark on Tuesday as Zuma returned from an African Union summit in Ethiopia, where they made their own comments about corruption in Africa. Zuma acknowledged a problem but called it "quite exaggerated" at times and said entities outside the continent encourage African corruption for their own benefit.
Some members of the ruling African National Congress party are pushing for Zuma's early exit and say they shouldn't deliver the state of the nation address when parliament opens in Cape Town on Feb. 8. If Zuma speaks as scheduled, their speech likely would be met with protests.
The Orchard
American Animals, opening this week, isn't just a new movie, but a new kind of movie. Written and directed by Bart Layton, whose 2012 documentary The Imposter garnered near-universal acclaim and seemed to set a new standard for visual composition in documentary filmmaking, American Animals is Layton's non-documentary debut feature.
I use “non-documentary” carefully, because while in many ways American Animals is a traditional heist movie, “fiction” isn't quite right. Where I, Tonya depicted its characters occasionally looking into the camera to say “this never happened,” as a way to convey the disputed nature of some of the events the movie depicts (giving itself license to depict the juicier parts, even if they may not have happened), American Animals does them one better. Layton's film uses the real people being played by the actors, sometimes in traditional talking-head interview form, other times sharing scenes and dialogue with the actors playing them. And in this case it's not just to be post-modern or bend genres, it seems to be an honest attempt to reclaim the true meaning of “this is a true story” or “based on a true story.”
So many movies, from horror movies about ghosts and demonic possession to more traditional biopic-style prestige movies like The Post or Argo, have stretched the idea of the true story to the point that the label has become almost meaningless. Some films, from I, Tonya to Selma, have occasionally flirted with mixing stock footage and research with traditional fictional film techniques. But American Animals feels like the first movie maybe since American Splendor to mix the two in novel ways. And in this case, to do so with the purpose of actually exploring what truth is.
“I certainly feel like audiences now are so sophisticated and literate and understand what the game is in terms of how stories get fictionalized,” Layton told Uproxx. “I think there were a lot of people who read the script and go, ‘Why are you throwing me out of the movie?' [with the interviews] ‘I'm just in with these characters. Leave me in there.'
“And I'd be like, ‘Yeah, but that's the whole point.' I want you to be thrown out of the movie momentarily. I want you to be constantly grabbed by the lapels and shaken and going, ‘Don't forget this is a true story.' You should have more skin in the game. You should feel more connected, and more worried about the outcome because it's real rather than, ‘Oh, it doesn't affect me. It's a movie, it's a bunch of actors.'”
President Rodrigo Duterte will continue to wage their relentless campaign against corruption and delinquent taxpayers, Malacañang said Saturday following the government's P40-billion tax settlement with tobacco giant Mighty Corporation.
“The President will be relentless in their campaign against corruption and delinquent taxpayers, hauling violators to court, if necessary. As citizens cooperate, we build a comfortable life for all. Strong political will to benefit all, and not just a few, should be the trademark of the entire government,” Palace Spokesperson Ernesto Abella said in a statement.
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II announced on Friday that the government had entered into a P40-billion compromise deal with Mighty Corporation, which was accused of evading taxes worth P37.9 billion by using fake tax stamps.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Tax raps vs Mighty dismissed after BIR agreed to a settlement
The Department of Justice, in a joint resolution dated October 2, approved the Bureau of Internal Revenue's plea to junk the three tax evasion complaints.
“This landmark tax settlement is the largest in Philippine history; and will go a long way in funding the Duterte administration's infrastructure program,” Abella said, noting that “unpaid taxes result in less government revenues and stall the delivery of quality government services.” /jpv
The EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) went into effect in May, requiring all organizations that handle the data of EU citizens to comply with its provisions regarding collecting and using personal data. However, a majority of companies likely missed the compliance deadline, and many employees remain unaware of the policies needed to keep data safe.
"Data privacy is a hot topic with GDPR going into effect," said Dave Rickard, technical director at CIPHER Security. "An awful lot of companies may not think they have exposure to it, but there are lots of variables in that."
For example, one online retailer Rickard works with has many customers from the EU, but can't geolocate them from the website. Others don't work with EU citizens, but have data processing and storage facilities there, which are also subject to GDPR.
SEE: EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) policy (Tech Pro Research)
GDPR will likely influence data privacy policies in other countries, Rickard said. However, cultural differences, particularly between the EU and US, may make this difficult.
"In the EU people are very centered on the perspective that 'My name, my social security number, my passport information, everything that is PII about me, belongs to me. It's part of my individuality,'" they said. "Whereas in North America, people have long since taken the perspective instead that data is currency. There are so many business models that are built on it. Data is money."
The majority of companies that need to be compliant with GDPR are not yet, Rickard said. "I'd say compliance right now is only at about 35% or 40% at the most," they said. "I think a lot of people are taking a wait and see approach."
Some of the bigger players like Facebook, Google, and Amazon are going to be the canaries in the coal mine, Rickard said. "I think that they'll have actions taken on them first, and people are going to wait and see if the actual GDPR penalties play out the way that they've been published."
Companies that fail to comply with GDPR will face a penalty of either 4% of their global revenue or €20 million, whichever is greater.
Here are five types of policies that companies must ensure they have in place and have trained employees on in the age of GDPR, according to Rickard.
1. Encryption policies
Most companies lack policies around data encryption, Rickard said. "Most people who are data owners are unaware of whether their data is encrypted at rest or not," they added. "GDPR is big on encryption at rest."
SEE: Encryption policy (Tech Pro Research)
2. Acceptable use policies
An acceptable use policy should cover things like what applications are allowed, what web searching and social media habits are appropriate for the business, and the potential threats to brand reputation, Rickard said.
3. Password policies
Passwords remain a common digital entry point into an organization for hackers. Even if, in the best case scenario, employees use complex passwords that are changed often and not shared, human error and carelessness can still put a business at risk. "One of the easiest ways to breach a company is to put somebody on the janitorial staff and go looking at desks," Rickard said. "People often have Post-it notes on monitors with passwords on them."
4. Email policies
IT should have an email policy in place that hardens systems and can detect spam and viruses, Rickard said. "The kind of information that can be disclosed via email should be spelled out very clearly," they added.
5. Data processing policies
Companies need to do data process flow mapping to see what data is being collected, how it's being processed, and who is receiving processed copies, Rickard said. "GDPR closes all those gaps," they added.
Employee training is paramount for ensuring these policies are enforced, Rickard said. Raising awareness of the threat landscape and common vulnerabilities can help counteract human error.
"Security awareness and training is the cornerstone of any security program," they added.
For tips on how to best train employees on cybersecurity practices, click here.
Stay up to date on all the latest cybersecurity threats. Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Interested in Jobs Report? Add Jobs Report as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Jobs Report news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Pay raises, the U.S. economy's Achilles' heel in its long recovery from the Great Recession, finally showed signs of accelerating last month — a trend that fanned inflation fears and sent bond yields rising and stocks sinking.
Wages grew in January from a year ago at the fastest pace in eight years, evidence that low unemployment is forcing some employers to pay more to keep or attract workers. The question is whether the gains will endure and spread throughout the economy.
U.S. employers added a robust 200,000 jobs in January, and the unemployment rate stayed at a low 4.1 percent for the fourth straight month, the Labor Department said Friday. But investors saw the wage growth as cause for concern. Higher pay could help swell inflation and spur the Federal Reserve to quicken its pace of interest rate increases in coming months.
The 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.83 percent, from 2.79 percent before the jobs report was released. And the Dow Jones industrial average tumbled 666 points, or 2.5 percent, partly on the prospect of sharply higher rates and partly on poor earnings reports from Google's parent company Alphabet, Exxon Mobil and Chevron.
"Everyone has been rooting for wage growth, but be careful what you wish for," said Josh Wright, chief economist at recruiting software company iCIMS.
Still, the jobs data point to an economy on solid footing, fueled by strong consumer spending and global growth. After nearly eight years of steady hiring, employers are increasingly competing for a narrower pool of workers. Raises stemming from Republican tax cuts and minimum wage increases in 18 states also likely boosted pay last month.
"Labor is becoming scarce, and employers have to work to find, retain and train employees," Diane Swonk, chief economist at Grant Thornton, said. "This is new for many employers."
Many economists credit the Fed's low-rate policies, including the measured pace of rate increases under Chair Janet Yellen, with stimulating enough growth to bolster hiring and wages. Yellen will be succeeded as Fed chair on Monday by Jerome Powell, a former investment banker and Fed governor.
In January, average hourly pay rose 9 cents to $26.74, up 2.9 percent from a year earlier — the biggest gain since the recession ended eight years ago.
S.B. Cha, CEO of Kinestral, a company that makes high-tech windows that can be dimmed to reduce or block sunlight, said they have had to offer higher pay to attract new electrical and software engineers. Cha has ambitious plans to double their 130-person staff within two years.
But it's difficult to find enough workers in San Francisco, where the company is based, so they transferred its cloud computing operations to Salt Lake City. Yet now even Salt Lake City is becoming competitive. As a small company, Kinestral used to pay roughly 60 percent of what tech giants like Google paid. Now, Cha says, it has to pay closer to 80 percent and in some cases 90 percent.
"Every year, hiring gets tougher and tougher," Cha said.
Average hourly pay jumped 3.4 percent in the past year in transportation and warehousing, which has benefited from the explosive growth of e-commerce. That's partly been driven by the online giant Amazon, which went on a hiring rampage last year, expanding its workforce by a breathtaking 66 percent — 225,000 jobs. That's more than the entire manufacturing industry added last year.
Still, factories enjoyed a good year and raised pay an average 3.3 percent. Leisure and hospitality firms, which include restaurants and hotels, increased pay 3.5 percent.
Restaurant cooks received the largest salary increase in the past year among the 84 occupations the company tracks, according to pay data compiled by Glassdoor, a job listing website.
With Americans more confident and spending more, restaurants are adding jobs and lifting wages. The industry added 31,000 jobs last month.
"We are finally seeing signs of a 'feel good' economy emerging with consumers able to kick up their heels again," Swonk said.
A measure of hourly wages that excludes managers rose 2.4 percent over the past year, more slowly than the broader figure. That suggests that managers and supervisors have received the biggest benefits.
Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan Chase, notes that very cold weather could have temporarily boosted pay last month. Frontline construction workers might have stayed home during the cold spell, cutting into their pay, while salaried supervisors would have been paid either way.
But most economists think wage gains will keep rising. Walmart said in January that it would raise its minimum wage to $11 an hour, from $10, starting this month.
Cathy Barrera, chief economist at ZipRecruiter, said the low unemployment rate is bestowing other benefits on workers. Employers are hiring more people on a permanent full-time basis.
The number of part-time workers who would prefer full-time jobs has fallen nearly 15 percent in the past year. And temporary hiring has been flat for two months.
Jennifer Fitzgerald, CEO of PolicyGenius, an online insurance marketplace, is so desperate for workers that their New York City-based company is buying advertising on the New York subway and on San Francisco commuter trains.
The ads are intended in part to raise awareness among potential recruits. PolicyGenius recruiters also look for companies that are moving out of New York, or who have laid off workers and scour LinkedIn for potential hires from those companies.
"These are the kinds of creative strategies you need," Fitzgerald said.
DANA POINT – A butterfly-shaped rock known as the San Juan Rock has long been a navigation point around the Headlands for boat captains, stand-up paddle boarders and kayakers heading in and out of Dana Point Harbor.
Its many clusters, reefs and outcroppings have been hiding spots where fishermen find plenty of lobster, scallops and abalone.
Richard Henry Dana, the town's namesake, discovered San Juan Rock as they sailed into the bay near the Headlands. They described the rocks in their famous 1840s memoir of a two-year sea voyage from Boston to California, “Two Years Before the Mast.”
“The rocks were as large as those of Nahant or Newport, but, to my eye, more grand and broken. Beside, there was a grandeur in everything around, which gave almost a solemnity to the scene: a silence and solitariness which affected everything,” Dana wrote. “Not a human being but ourselves for miles, and no sound heard but the pulsations of the great Pacific; and the great steep hill rising like a wall, and cutting us off from all the world, but the ‘world of waters!'”
Now, nearly 200 years later. That “world of waters” has changed the famous Dana Point landmark.
In the last week boat captains and fisherman have reported that San Juan Rock appears to be half its original size after powerful surf and wave surges from recent storms.
“It was a landmark we navigated around,” said Todd Mansur, who for decades has been a boat captain with Dana Wharf Whale Watching and Sportfishing. “When you see a rock that big break into half it makes you respect the power of the ocean.”
Mansur said they noticed the change in the rock's appearance last week after seeing waves breaking in water that was as much as 36 feet deep. Normally, waves break on the inland side of the rock in 15 to 18 feet of water. The strong wave attack, Mansur said, is likely what chopped the rock into half.
“Before the rock broke in half, it was like a butterfly and had a crack down the middle.” Mansur said. “Both of the sides were the same shape and size from the seaward view looking toward shore. Now, it looks like someone took the rock and cut it in half. The entire west-northwest-facing wing is gone.”
In their day job at sea, Mansur has seen a lot over the decades. Seeing San Juan Rock at half its size was shocking, they said.
The San Juan Rock is composed of sedimentary rock – sandstone and breccia, said Brandon Boka, a coastal geologist in the Dana Point public works and engineering departments.
It is likely the remnant of the prehistoric promontory known as the Headlands, which is approximately 9 million to 19 million years old and is one the most resilient rock masses in south Orange County, Boka said. The Headlands were formed by many years of waves and erosion of the bedrock along fractures of the rock.
Boka said the erosion at the San Juan Rock and the Headlands occurred less quickly than at other areas along the Orange County coastline because the bedrock there is stronger.
But the more the rock is exposed to wave attacks, the faster the natural process of erosion, Boka said.
Rodger Healy, a lobster fisherman from Capistrano Beach, noticed the change to the rock and contacted Mansur.
“I visually know it is like the back of my hand,” they said. “I've fished every nook and cranny. I've dived, hook-and-line fished it and trapped it for 30 years.”
Healy said before the last storms they pulled all their traps. When they came back, they noticed the rock's change by sound even before they saw it.
“A wave hit it and it sounded different,” they said. “I'm used to having my back to it and feeling safe. When I heard the different sound, I looked back and initially didn't recognize it. It took me a minute to prop up. Once I did, I recognized a huge chunk was missing.”
Healy dove around the rock to get a better visual. They knew the crack that formerly split the rock was used as a gauge by sport fishermen to identify key fishing spots off the coast. They would line up their boats parallel to the slot in the rock to find their coveted spots.
From many years of diving the rock, Healy recalled lots of uneven terrain and spire-like structures that came up from the ocean floor. Likely, there have been other changes that happened centuries ago.
They also noticed that the surviving side of the rock had a fresh crack. Other parts of it also looked unstable. They wonder what will happen in the storm surges predicted this weekend.
“This is the first time, I've seen it change in 30 years,” they said.
“I love Mother Nature and their wrath,” Healy said. “The Grand Canyon at one time was flat land. Changes in geology is not something we generally see in our lifetime. To see something change that's so static and unyielding is awe-inspiring.”
Longtime Dana Point resident and former mayor Carlos Olvera was saddened to learn of the rock's change.
“Loss of the San Juan Rocks off of Dana Point would be tragic as they are a natural landmark referred to in Dana's “Two Years Before the Mast” as a part of their famous quote, to us locals at least, ‘San Juan is the only romantic spot in California,'” they said. “Can nature change history?”
Contact the writer: 714-796-2254 or eritchie@scng.com or on Twitter:@lagunaini
Words by Nick Slay
Multiple MTA train lines were shut down this morning in Manhattan after a reported explosion at 42nd St.
The epicenter of the activity was at Port Authority Bus Station which is located at 42nd St. and 8th ave. Details are sketchy at this time, however the 42nd stop for the E, C, A subway trains were evacuated by police this morning.
This was confirmed by a tweet by the NYPD this morning:
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
It was supported by another tweet by New York City's Notify NYC Twitter handle:
Police Activity: expect traffic/transit delays and emergency personnel near W 42nd St btwn 8th & 9th Ave. Consider alt routes. — NYCEM – Notify NYC (@NotifyNYC) December 11, 2017
The MTA says numerous trains are now bypassing Times Square and Port Authority.
Due to the incident the MTA confirmed the following changes:
Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 7 trains, and N, Q, R and W trains are bypassing Times Sq-42 St in both directions, according to the MTA.
A, C and E Subway trains are bypassing 42 St/Port Authority-Bus Terminal in both directions.
There is no S 42 St shuttle service in both directions.
According to police reports and by PIX 11 news at least one person is injured and there is one person was taken into custody after a suspected pipe bombing in Manhattan. This is a developing story, please stay tuned to TheSource.com for further updates and developments.
By John Dance
On the eve of the first phase of the Alta Vista Transportation Corridor (AVTC) and Light Rail Transit (LRT) on track for spring 2018, what's next for Old Ottawa East?
Will a complete four-lane AVTC be built, resulting in OOE losing its large Lees Avenue green space? Or will the Hospital Link (AVTC's first phase), much improved transit and a shift to increased cycling, walking and sharing of vehicles kill the rationale for the full AVTC?
“The Lees Avenue green space strengthens the community fabric,” said Betsy Kitchen, a Chestnut Street resident, whose property backs onto the green space at Springhurst Park. “To have a highway go through here would be like taking a pair of scissors and cutting through the fabric.”
“The LRT and its new Lees Avenue station is one step forward, but building the AVTC roadway beside the LRT would be two woefully regressive steps backward and would undercut the massive investment in LRT,” said Kitchen.
Conceived more than half a century ago, the AVTC aims to provide transportation relief for the growing southeast sector of the city. The corridor begins at Conroy Road and Walkley Road, winding through green spaces in Alta Vista (behind the Ottawa Hospital's General campus), through Hurdman Park, across the Rideau River and through the 160 Lees Avenue green space to end at the Queensway and Nicholas Street exit with ramps to and from Lees.
The Hospital Link segment can be seen from the eastern end of Old Ottawa East's Centennial Boulevard. The roadway runs 1.2 km from the hospital to Riverside Drive and is, according its 2005 environmental assessment, “the southerly two lanes of the ultimate four-lane design solution.”
Over the last decade, Kitchen has seen more members of the community actively using the Lees green space. Many teams play there three seasons of the year and pedestrians and dog-walkers make daily use of the area.
Many community members of Sandy Hill, OOE and Riverview Park have long campaigned against the full AVTC roadway. In 2013, the city excluded the project from its “affordable” road network to be built by 2031, but kept it on the “ultimate” road network schedule. However, this downgrading of the complete project was preceded by approval of the $62-million Hospital Link segment.
A number of politicians have declared their opposition to the complete project.
“The full AVTC connection is below the ‘affordability line' in the current transportation master plan, which means it is essentially not being considered by anyone for more than another 11 years,” explains Capital Ward Coun. David Chernushenko.
“This ensures that all of the transit, cycling and pedestrian improvements underway and planned will have been built, and we will have seen how dramatically they change travel patterns and modes in the city.”
“I am opposed to a ‘parkway style' AVTC ever being built,” said Coun. Chernushenko. “ There may come a time when we all (or most of us) agree that an actual complete street and bridge across to the other side of the river in this corridor makes sense, but I believe such a decision is more than a decade away.”
Councillors to the south, notably Jean Cloutier of Alta Vista and Diane Deans of Gloucester-Southgate ward, remain concerned about the growing transportation requirements of those in expanding southern communities like Riverside South.
“I have been a strong advocate for improved north-south transportation options and as such continue to support the future construction of the AVTC,” said Coun. Deans. “I also recognize that the way that people choose to move around this city continues to evolve. Should the city move forward with the AVTC, the environmental assessment would need to be updated to reflect multi-modal transportation options including dedicated transit lanes, high-occupancy vehicle lanes, and cycling infrastructure.”
Coun. Cloutier said Alta Vista has a lot of cut-through traffic from the growing communities in the south end and believes a AVTC would reduce this.
However, they understand when the Hospital Link opens in December there will be a positive impact on Smyth and Alta Vista traffic, better emergency access to the hospitals and a better transit link for hospital visitors and employees. Another improvement is a new bus service between the Civic and Smyth hospital campuses.
“We need to find solutions for better north-south transportation, be that transit, AVTC or encouraging other active transportation,” said Coun. Cloutier.
Meanwhile, back on Chestnut Street, Kitchen says they and their neighbours, including many residents of the Lees apartments, are going to continue their vigilance over the Lees green space.
“If we lose this vital community green space, it will further isolate the Lees apartment towers, and deprive all the residents of this corner of Old Ottawa East of a unique and vibrant urban oasis.”
by
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and they didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start — a career-best span of 28 1/3 innings.
"Kluber was Kluber," said White Sox manager Rick Renteria.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning their already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
By the time Kluber took the mound in the third, the Indians were up 7-0, but they had to focus as things were much tighter.
"You kind of train yourself or teach yourself to take each hitter, each pitch, whatever you want to call it, as if the game was tied," they said. "I think that through experience I'm sure every pitcher would tell you, as soon as you let your guard down a little bit, things usually bite you in the rear."
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escape by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MELKY WAY
The Indians improved to 7-3 in Cabrera's 10 starts since they were recalled from Triple-A Columbus. They signed a minor league contract with the club in April.
"He just knows how to hit," Francona said. "He really did work hard. When we were talking to him, they say, 'I'm in good shape,' and they are because it's hard to step in when you miss spring training and he's played every game."
SWEPT AWAY
The White Sox held a 25-minute meeting after they were swept for the eighth time this season. They also dropped to 8-19 on the road and 7-14 inside the division.
MANAGING MILLER
All-Star reliever Andrew Miller has been cleared to begin a throwing program after they had their right knee evaluated by Dr. David Altchek in New York.
Altchek confirmed Miller has inflammation. The Indians said he'll begin "a gradual progression back to mound activity." There is no timetable for their return.
Miller has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue. The left-hander has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. They picked up their first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make their major league debut — on their 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. They pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on their birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
The official daily Rodong Sinmun on Saturday published a signed article on the military parade to be held on February 8 in Pyongyang, on the eve of the opening of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea, Xinhua news agency reported. The article said that the event will mark the 70th anniversary of the founding of the Korean People's Army (KPA), and accused some South Korean conservative media and politicians of twisting facts and making irresponsible comments on their neighbour's important event. In this regard, April 25 will be marked as the founding anniversary of the Korean People's Revolutionary Army.
North Korea has slammed some South Korean conservative media and politicians for calling an upcoming military parade here as “provocation”. The official daily Rodong Sinmun on Saturday published a signed article on the military parade to be held on February 8 in Pyongyang, on the eve of the opening of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea, Xinhua news agency reported. The article said that the event will mark the 70th anniversary of the founding of the Korean People's Army (KPA), and accused some South Korean conservative media and politicians of twisting facts and making irresponsible comments on their neighbour's important event.
“It is a unique idea of the Korean army and people to celebrate the founding date of the KPA and no one has the right to make irresponsible comments on it,” it said. North Korea used to celebrate the military founding day on April 25, which marked the founding of a guerrilla troop by Kim Il Sung in the 1930s to fight the Japanese occupiers. Less than two weeks ago, the nation declared that February 8 will be marked as the founding anniversary of the KPA and the “Army-Building Day,” as North Korea's Founding President Kim Il Sung established the regular revolutionary armed forces on February 8, 1948.
In this regard, April 25 will be marked as the founding anniversary of the Korean People's Revolutionary Army. North Korea and South Korea have agreed to cooperate in the upcoming Pyeongchang Winter Olympics to be held during February 9-25 in South Korea, which could bring about a detente on the Korean Peninsula.
“A Turkish restaurant this good is hard to find anywhere,” declared Ahmet Afsa, as they sat at a corner table at Sip Sak, on Second Avenue between 49th and 50th Streets, on a recent Friday night. The real compliment came next: “Even in Turkey.”
Mr. Afsa, and their four fellow diners, all Turkish like him, were sharing various mezze including fried sardines, braised artichokes and green beans stewed in olive oil. They then moved onto two platters of juicy lamb kebabs — one was hand-chopped meat mixed with red peppers and topped with spiced, slivered onions and the other, shish, was made with leg of lamb. Raki, the anise-flavored Turkish liquor, accompanied the food.
“The food is incredible, and you can't beat the atmosphere,” said Murat, who only wanted to be identified by their first name and was one of Mr. Afsa's dining companions. “We've all been coming here for years.”
BURLINGTON, Vt. (AP) — A Canadian man has admitted to smuggling handguns from the United States into Canada, including some that were left in a library that straddles the border of Vermont and Canada.
Authorities say 40-year-old Alexis Vlachos, of Montreal, pleaded guilty Monday in federal court in Burlington. They could be sentenced to 20 years in prison.
Court documents say that between 2010 and 2011, Vlachos worked with others to get about 100 handguns purchased from dealers in Florida into Canada, which restricts handgun ownership.
Some of the guns were left at the Haskell Library by an accomplice. Vlachos then retrieved them and took then into Canada. Other guns were carried across a remote stretch of border.
Vlachos' lawyer Paul Volk says the facts will be further developed prior to sentencing in May.
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II's ad interim appointment was finally endorsed for confirmation by a panel of the Commission on Appointments (CA) on Wednesday despite opposition raised by Senator Antonio Trillanes IV.
The approval came after the CA's committee on justice and judicial bar and council held an executive session to discuss Trillanes' request to suspend Aguirre's confirmation hearing pending investigation on various issues being leveled at him.
When the committee resumed its public hearing, Senator Loren Legarda called for a vote on Senator Panfilo Lacson's pending motion to recommend Aguirre's appointment.
ADVERTISEMENT
The recommendation of the panel will be transmitted to the CA plenary for either rejection or adoption.
“Definitely, happy,” Aguirre told reporters after the hearing.
“Makakatulog na siguro ako (I could probably sleep now),” they said as they admitted to having sleepless nights.
Trillanes had predicted the committee's decision, despite the issues they raised against Aguirre, including the latter's alleged order to restore the lavish lifestyles of certain high-profile inmates, who had testified against Senator Leila de Lima over their alleged drug links.
“Depende kung ano yung pressure ng Malacañang sa kanila (It depends on the pressure Malacañang has raised on them). If they submit to the pressure, then they will confirm. If not, if they will do their duty, if they will hold on to their basic sense of what is right and wrong, then hindi talaga pwedeng ma-confirm (his appointment could not be confirmed),” they told reporters when asked if they think the committee would approve Aguirre's appointment.
“Kung iri-rail road nila at least sana makita ng taumbayan na I presented my case na marami pang (If they will railroad the appointment, at least the people would see that I presented my case that there are many) issues that have yet to be resolved and yet they confirmed them just the same so it's not my problem anymore.”
“Sa Commission on Appointment, largely it's not about merit e. It's about political alliances, political conveniences and political pressure,” the senator added.
Asked then if they believe the CA had been pressured by Malacañang to approve Aguirre's appointment, Trilanes said: “I believe so medyo determinado sila pero sa amin kasi (they are slightly determined but for us) this is not the end of it.”
“In the unfortunate scenario that Secretary Aguirre will be confirmed, hindi yan ang katapusan noong (it's not the end of our) oversight functions namin. We will continue to be vigilant and guard against abuse and misuse of power,” they said. RAM
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File). FILE - In this March 9, 2017 file photo, Dr. Garen Wintemute, an emergency room physician at the University of California, Davis, Medical Center, shows the website of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, on a ...
By PAUL ELIAS
Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Gun deaths have fallen in California over a 16-year period ending in 2015, driven largely by a decline in gang violence and black homicides a recent and rare scientific study of firearm violence has found.
Researchers at the University of California, Davis published their findings in the May issue of the journal Annals of Epidemiology after reviewing 50,921 firearm deaths recorded in California between 2000 and 2015. The University provided the study results on Monday.
The report found 24,922 firearm homicides during that period and 23,682 suicides by gun. Researchers say the number of firearm homicides dropped from 4.19 per 100,000 people in 2000 to a low of 3.13 per 100,000 in 2014 before ticking up slightly in 2015.
Researcher Veronica Pear attributed the decline in gun homicides to a reduction of gang violence, particularly in Los Angeles County.
The study also showed a big drop in the number of black men being killed by guns.
Pear said the number of gun homicides of black men dropped 32 percent from the peak in 2005 at 47 per 100,000 people to 31 per 100,000 in 2015. The homicide rate for Hispanic men was 6.7 per 100,000 in 2015, a 38 percent decline from its peak of 10.8 per 100,000 in 2005.
The homicide rate of White and Asian men held steady throughout the period at roughly the same level of roughly 3 homicides per 100,000 annualy.
Pear said they hope the new research will be used by others studying the cause and effects of gun violence.
"We also hope it can serve as a template for researchers in other states to create similar profiles," they said.
For the last 30 years, the federal government has largely abandoned gun-violence studies after the National Rifle Association prevailed on Congress to significantly restrict funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevent to do the research. The NRA said it does not oppose gun research but is against research that it calls biased, flimsy or aimed at advocacy.
A few private foundations and California have recently stepped up funding of gun violence studies. California became the first state to publicly support the research when lawmakers voted to fund U.C. Davis' Violence Prevention Research Program with $5 million over five years.
The Kaiser Permanente health care consortium announced earlier this month it would spend $2 million to study gun violence among its 12 million members.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
So let's say you no longer trust Equifax to store your data in the wake of its breach. Sure, you could approach all of those providers and try to convince them not to send data about you to Equifax each month. But it would be far easier to simply ask Equifax to erase your file and not make a new one.
But what happens if you need to borrow money in the future and you only have credit files at Experian and TransUnion? This poses an enormous problem when it comes time to make the biggest of all purchases — a home. Fannie Mae, whose rules govern the standards for many mortgages, wants information from all three credit “repositories,” as the company puts it.
There is already a potential out in the rules that allows for data from just two agencies if that is “the extent of the data available.” While this rule may exist to help people with a limited credit history, there's no reason Fannie couldn't also apply it to people with an extensive history that happens to reside only at Experian and TransUnion, and not at Equifax.
This wouldn't be ideal for the mortgage industry though. Credit reports tend to be riddled with errors, so lenders prefer a wider range of data to survey. “Lenders will compare the three and make their best guess,” said Pam Dixon, the executive director of the World Privacy Forum, a research group. “They kind of triangulate the errors.”
While it's a nifty trick when an industry's rank incompetence seems to necessitate a permanent triumvirate, a better solution might be a duopoly that actually cares about getting the data right.
Lenders who deal in smaller amounts seem flexible enough, and would have to become more so if more people had only two major credit files. American Express already is. It simply looks to the other two big credit bureaus for underwriting guidance if an applicant does not have a file at the third, said Ashley Tufts, a company spokesperson. (She declined to comment on why American Express plans to continue to send data to Equifax, given the bureau's now proven inability to protect it.)
Some readers, many of whom will have no need for mortgages or much new credit in the future, have tried to delete their Equifax files since the breach. One person sent letters making their demand to Equifax's former chief executive, Richard F. Smith, before they retired last week. (The request received no reply.) Others have called the company's various call centers. Often, they couldn't get through or waited for more than hour and then spoke to someone who insisted that it was not possible to have a file deleted.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Peter Herman, a self-described recovering attorney in Charleston, S.C., had a typical experience: A long wait, a number of prompts, a disconnection and a firm “no” on deleting their file. Then came an odd warning from the live human being they did reach. Any attempt to get their lenders to stop sending payment information to Equifax, Mr. Herman said they had been told, might result in their credit score being ruined because their payments would be marked late. “I did not then ask for a supervisor, I was so befuddled,” they said.
Photo
Equifax doesn't have to deny these kinds of requests, according to Chi Chi Wu, a staff attorney with the National Consumer Law Center and an expert on the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the federal law that governs these matters. That law doesn't forbid Equifax from shutting down a person's file, though they noted that there is a narrow exception for overdue child support notifications.
I had hoped that Equifax would have an on-the-record conversation about why you just can't quit them, but no one would speak with me. In fact, no one has been willing to speak with me since this whole mess began, though I do get some emailed statements from time to time.
So we can only let Mr. Smith, Equifax's former chief executive, speak for the company. In hearings this week, they spoke out of both sides of their mouth on the subject of our power to cut ties with Equifax. They said that the breach was horrific and described the task of their successor as one of resurrection. And at first, they seemed to suggest that Equifax should give people what they want.
“I envision as this evolves over time, the consumer will have an opportunity to invite into their world who they want to have access and who they do not,” they said, describing the company's efforts to create a new paradigm of consumer control over their credit history. “It will be their choice and power, not ours.”
The next day, however, they sang a different tune when Senator Sherrod Brown, Democrat of Ohio, asked them to answer a yes or no question about whether people should be able to delete their data from Equifax's systems. Mr. Smith hemmed and hawed and talked about the ability to lock one's credit file. But eventually, they conceded that their answer was no.
Representative Jan Schakowsky, an Illinois Democrat who pursued a similar line of questioning in an earlier hearing, thinks Mr. Smith got it wrong. While they have not included file deletion rights in a data protection bill they recently reintroduced, they didn't rule it out when I spoke with them by phone.
“We're not done with them,” they said. “We should be able to say ‘Get out of my life, I want nothing to do with you.' ”
As the May Gray drizzle continues to keep us in a near-stupor, how about an extra-extra jolt of caffeine?
Death Wish Coffee is coming to a Walmart near you. The brand isn't joking around either. The company says it grinds robusta and arabica beans to make a potent brew with 200 percent more caffeine than your typical cup of joe.
200 percent more caffeine. Let that percolate for a second.
An 8-ounce cup of coffee has about 128 milligrams of caffeine or 16 mg per ounce. A Monster energy drink runs around 86 mg. Starbucks venti (20 ounces): 475 mg. And Death Wish? The company claims its coffee has 59 mg of caffeine per fluid ounce. So, a 20-ounce cup would drop a whopping 1,180 mg into your gut.
The company, based in Round Lake, New York, saw its profile rise after it aired a commercial during the Super Bowl in 2016. It's now moving in on California's coffee craze. While Death Wish Coffee comes in traditional beans or ground form, the company has partnered with Walmart to sell its K-cups in a box of 18 for $17.97.
The “death cups” land in 1,627 Walmarts nationwide on Saturday, June 9.
Don't say we didn't warn you.
The seeds planted by farmers and gardeners used to be in the public domain. But then, in the 1980s, new laws and court rulings made it easier to patent them.
Ever since then, companies like Monsanto and DuPont have been patenting seeds modified by company scientists. That prevents farmers from harvesting seeds and planting them the following year. Now, most of the seeds available for farmers are owned by just a handful of companies — and a couple of proposed mergers might reduce that number even more.
One group of plant breeders is trying to change that, by giving open access to the seeds they breed.
Related The science (and business) of sowing seeds Monsanto: The behemoth that controls 90 percent of soybean production
Greg Traxler, an agricultural economist at the University of Washington, said patenting seeds is a good thing. Without patents, they argue, “no one is going to invest in improving seeds. The whole idea of patenting is that you provide incentive for companies to produce seed that is yielding more every year.”
But others say those increased yields have come at a cost, and some are trying to develop an alternative model: the Open Source Seed Initiative.
Seed breeders involved in the initiative take seeds from the public domain and breed a new variety — like the red spinach Brian Campbell developed on their farm near Bellingham, Washington.
“We've been working with it for years and stabilized the genetics on it,” Campbell said.
Instead of patenting the spinach, Campbell and their partner, Crystine Goldberg, said anyone who buys the seeds can gather them, reproduce them, even modify them and sell the new varieties — as long as they don't patent or restrict those seeds.
“We just really wanted to get seeds out there that everybody could breed what made sense for their region or their garden or their taste,” Goldberg explained.
Goldberg and Campbell want to give farmers more choices about where to buy their seeds and what varieties are available. And they're also hoping to address another problem: if there are limited seed varieties, those varieties might have the same vulnerabilities.
“We're all at risk of climate change or even drought and pests that could pretty easily wipe out crops and threaten the resilience of our food supply,” said Philip Howard, a professor at Michigan State University.
So far, the 38 breeders involved in the initiative have licensed nearly 400 seed varieties.
The Hendrickson Genuine Parts equalizing beam now comes with a patented rotating bar pin end bushing to support easier installations.
The new feature allows installers to adjust the pin's angle to match the axle pinion angle.
The rotating bar pin bushing uses the same rubber and bonding as the standard end bushing, and the rotating bar pin will lock into place once under load. It all helps to eliminate the inner bushing wear, the company says.
The equalizing beam itself is made of a high-strength steel, and is identical to the one used in production, complete with the robotic welds.
PepsiCo reported a better-than-expected profit for the fourth-quarter as soda and snack sales increased and the company cut costs.
The maker of Frito-Lay chips, Mountain Dew soda and Tropicana orange juice said Wednesday that its sales volume rose 3 percent globally for snacks and 1 percent for its beverages. PepsiCo, Coca-Cola and other big packaged food makers are trying to adapt and keep up with changing eating habits.
PepsiCo Inc., based in Purchase, N.Y., has said that it is working on reducing the amount of sugar it uses for drinks globally.
For the quarter ended Dec. 31, the company earned $1.4 billion, or 97 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring costs and restructuring costs, came to $1.20 per share, topping the $1.16 per share analysts expected, according to Zacks Investment Research.
Total revenue was $19.52 billion. Wall Street expected $19.6 billion.
PepsiCo expects full-year earnings to be $5.09 per share, with revenue growth of at least 3 percent after stripping out the impact of currency fluctuations and structural changes.
—————
This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on PEP at https://www.zacks.com/ap/PEP
—————
Keywords: PepsiCo, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings
Search
Bill Cash, the original Brexiter, tells The Daily Politics they distinguish…
“…between being in the customs union and a customs union… what a customs union means is something yet to be resolved.”
(AP Photo/Elise Amendola, File). FILE- In this April 9, 2018, file photo shoppers walk in a mall in Salem, N.H. On Tuesday, April 25, the Conference Board releases its April index on U.S. consumer confidence.
By MARTIN CRUTSINGER
AP Economics Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - American consumers were feeling more confident in April, rebounding to a level close to the 18-year high it had reached two months ago.
The Conference Board said Tuesday that its confidence index rose to 128.7 in April, up from a March level of 127.0. The March level was just below the 130.0 hit in February, which had been the highest since November 2000.
The business research group's index measures consumers' assessment of current conditions and their outlook for the next six months. Conference Board economist Lynn Franco said the strength in the confidence survey suggest that the economy will continue to expand at a solid pace in the months ahead.
Consumers' assessment of current economic conditions improved somewhat, with consumers rating both business and labor market conditions favorably.
Analysts said the strength in confidence reflects a strong labor market with unemployment at a 17-year low, as well as the impact of the $1.5 trillion in tax cuts approved in December, which began showing up in workers' paychecks earlier this year.
Analysts said that confidence was also helped by less stock market volatility in recent weeks and a lessening of worries about a full-blown trade war erupting in response to the Trump administration's tougher policies.
But some analysts said the high confidence levels may be over-stating the potential for consumer spending growth in coming months.
"The sluggishness of real income growth, even after the tax cuts, means that spending cannot rise as fast as the surveys appear to imply," said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Economics.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LAS VEGAS (CBSNewYork/AP) — All 58 victims of the Las Vegas massacre have now been identified as thousands came out to mourn a police officer who was among those killed.
The victims range in age from 20 to 61. The coroner's office will be releasing the bodies to their families and Las Vegas officials have set up a family information center for families to assist with funeral plans.
Las Vegas Shooting: Latest | Photos | Videos | The Victims
Meanwhile, investigators say gunman Stephen Paddock may have been looking to target other venues.
Paddock booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements before they undertook the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Fenway Park in Boston also came up during the investigation of Paddock, Boston police Lt. Detective Mike McCarthy said Thursday, though they provided no further details.
It was not clear if they contemplated massacres at the other sites.
The details came to light as investigators struggled to figure out why the 64-year-old high-stakes gambler opened fire on a crowd of 22,000 Sunday night from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino before taking their own life.
On Thursday night, thousands raised candles and surrounded the widow and two children of Officer Charleston Hartfield, who was killed in the shooting.
Hartfield, a 16-year Army veteran who served in Iraq, was known as “Charles,” ”Chuck” and “ChuckyHart,” but one longtime friend and colleague dubbed them “Captain America.”
“Charlie Hartfield was the greatest American I have ever known,” Sgt. Ryan Fryman told the crowd.
Theirs was among the first memorials for the dead.
Police announced Thursday that they had found a Hyundai Tucson SUV they had been searching for as part of the probe while executing a search warrant at the home in Reno that Paddock shared with their girlfriend, Marilou Danley. It wasn't immediately clear if the car was found on Thursday or earlier in the week when police searched the home and found several guns and ammunition.
Paddock had an arsenal of 23 weapons in their hotel room. A dozen of them included “bump stocks,” attachments that can effectively convert semi-automatic rifles into fully automated weapons.
In a rare concession on gun control, the National Rifle Association announced its support Thursday for regulating the devices.
Danley told FBI agents Wednesday they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to their native Philippines before the attack, and they were unaware of their plans and devastated when they learned of the carnage while overseas, they said in a statement.
Investigators combing through their background for clues remain stumped as to their motive.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
FX
The Americans (FX, 10:00 p.m.) — The Cold War drama comes to an end after six anxiety-filled seasons. The series will finish with Elizabeth and Phillip Jennings pushed to make a life-altering decision.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix) — The terminally adorable Kimmy returns for new adventures after falling into a new job, and the Season 4 brings fresh new outlooks on life from Jacqueline and Titus.
The Originals (CW, 9:00 p.m.) — Hope begins a dangerous new mission with the goal of helping Haley return, and Vincent and Freya come to blows over letting Declan in on a secret.
Archer (FXX, 10:00 p.m.) — Archer and Pam seek assistance from a new face, who refuses to play nice.
Reverie (NBC, 10:00 p.m.) — The pilot introduces Mara Kint, an ex-hostage negotiator who helps lost people return from Reverie, a virtual reality program.
Code Black (CBS, 10:00 p.m.) — Multiple firefighters are injured by infernos in the LA mountains, and Willis and Rox arrive on the scene to help while helping a distraught father find a missing young boy.
American Ninja Warrior (NBC, 8:00 p.m.) — Season 10 kicks off in Dallas with a brand new “Mega Warped Wall” that stands 18 feet tall, which if conquered, opens the door to a $10,000 prize.
MasterChef (FOX, 8:00 p.m.) — Judges Gordon Ramsay, Aarón Sánchez, and Joe take on the Battle of the Apron challenge alongside 43 of America's best home cooks.
LATE NIGHT GUESTS (reruns)
Jimmy Kimmel Live!: Matthew McConaughey, Julian Dennison, James Bay
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: John Mulaney, Cardi B
The Late Show With Stephen Colbert: Bryan Cranston, President Jimmy Carter
Conan: Kevin Hart
New York City Ballet continues its first year without Peter Martins at the helm as our spring season opens tonight.
When they retired at the start of the new year, we plunged headfirst into unknown, murky waters. Who would the new director be? When would we know? Would we dancers get some say in the decision? Who would oversee the Balanchine ballets? Who would be in charge of casting? Would a new director bring along huge upheaval? Could some of us be out of a job?
The dancers currently have little information about the search process and plans to move forward. But Mr. Martins' absence has certainly been felt around the theater.
I've noticed it the most during dress rehearsals, particularly for Balanchine ballets. Although they rarely attended daily rehearsals, they always supervised the final rehearsals before the ballets went before the audience. Frequently, they had a nugget of wisdom to share, often from the mouth of Balanchine himself, to help us fix a tricky partnering maneuver, or a difficult sequence of turns.
Things don't always go as planned with new technologies. Two new research reports document the struggles, disappointments and false starts that challenge enterprise storage pros as they modernize their infrastructures for digital business.
451 Research asked enterprise IT pros to rank their most pressing storage pains. “Data/capacity growth” landed in the top spot, according to the firm's research brief. “Meeting disaster recovery requirements” and “high cost of storage” ranked second and third, respectively, among survey respondents.
“The core challenges in storage are shifting; public cloud is beginning to assume the burden of inexorable data growth, and the emphasis is moving to other areas, such as effectively managing data and storage across both on- and off-premises locations,” according to Simon Robinson, research vice president at 451 Research and authors of the report, Top three storage pain points for enterprise customers.
Compared to a year ago, a smaller percentage of respondents – 47% in 2017 vs. 55% in 2016 – found handling data/capacity growth to be the most painful challenge. Another issue that appears to be decreasing in intensity is the challenge of delivering adequate storage performance; 29% of respondents were pained by this challenge in 2016, compared to 22% in the latest survey.
At the same time, other enterprise storage issues are becoming more pressing. For example, 22% of 2017 respondents cited growth from new applications as a top pain point, compared to 10% a year earlier. Storage migrations were top of mind for 21% of respondents, compared to 13% in 2016. Managing data stored in third-party cloud environments is another pain point that's on the uptick, cited by 19% of respondents.
“Organizations are increasingly moving to hybrid cloud environments, bringing new providers into the mix (chiefly public cloud providers). The core role of IT infrastructure managers is shifting away from adding capacity toward more effectively managing it,” Robinson writes. “Some storage managers are now charged with handling an organization's cloud storage capabilities – which is often a steep learning curve, and one that incumbent vendors can help alleviate by adding more comprehensive cloud-based integration to their offerings.”
451 Research polled just under 500 enterprise storage pros for its ranking of storage pain points. In a similar inquiry, storage vendor DataCore specifically asked about dashed expectations as part of a survey of IT pros' experience with software-defined, hyperconverged and cloud storage.
“What technology disappointments or false starts have you encountered in your storage infrastructure?” elicited three common letdowns. Most common was less-than-anticipated cost savings – in fact, 31% said that cloud storage failed to yield cost savings. In addition, 29% reported that object storage is difficult to manage. For some IT pros, flash didn't provide the performance gains they expected: 16% said that flash storage systems failed to accelerate their applications.
On the tech front, DataCore asked what primary capabilities IT pros would like from their storage infrastructure when virtualizing storage. A majority (83%) replied that business continuity from high availability is the top concern (metro clustering, synchronous mirroring), while 73% of respondents replied that enabling storage capacity expansion without disruption is a primary capability of importance. Cost efficiency and disaster recovery (asynchronous replication to remote site) also ranked high, coming in at 65% and 60%, respectively.
Additional highlights of DataCore's annual survey include:
* Hyperconverged storage adoption is lower than expected: A majority of respondents said they were either not considering hyperconverged at all (33%) or were strongly considering it but haven't deployed it yet (34%). Twenty percent of respondents said that they have a few nodes; 7% are in major deployments; and 6% are standardized on it.
* Flash adoption: As prevalent as flash has become, only a small number of respondents reported a large amount of storage capacity assigned to it. Just 3% of respondents said that flash storage will account for almost all (90%-100%) of their storage capacity in 2017, while 7% said flash would account for more than half (51%-89%) of capacity. Roughly 62% of respondents fell within the category of having less than 10% to 20% of total capacity assigned to flash, DataCore found. Fourteen percent aren't using flash at all.
* Spending on software-defined storage is on the rise: 16% of respondents said that software-defined storage represented 11-25% of their budget, and 13% said that it made up more than 25% of their allocated budget for storage. When asked about the top business drivers for implementing software-defined storage, respondents cited the opportunity to simplify management of different models of storage (cited by 55%), to future-proof infrastructure (53%), to avoid hardware lock-in from storage manufacturers (52%), and to extend the life of existing storage assets (47%).
DataCore's report, titled State of Software-Defined Storage, Hyperconverged and Cloud Storage, is available for download here.
By Joseph Ax
(Reuters) - The Florida inventor who designed the first "bump stock," nearly two decades before the Las Vegas gunman used one to massacre 58 people on Sunday, never made a dime off of their creation.
For years, Bill Akins fought to capitalize on their idea - with the U.S. government, their former business partner and a rival competitor - but found themselves stymied at every turn.
The 63-year-old Marine veteran and Elvis impersonator voiced their sorrow at the tragedy in Las Vegas, where authorities said Stephen Paddock had bump stocks installed on 12 of their rifles. The device allows semi-automatic weapons to fire almost as rapidly as machine guns, which are largely outlawed.
"I would like to express my dismay and sincere condolences to the victims, families and anyone affected by the recent Las Vegas mass shooting," Akins said during a telephone interview from their home about 45 minutes north of Tampa, Florida.
But they also defended the devices as protected under the U.S. Constitution's right to bear arms.
"People need to recognize that we either have a constitution, or we don't," they said.
Akins first came up with their idea while watching a documentary about World War Two in 1996 that showed twin anti-aircraft guns firing at Japanese warplanes from a U.S. Navy ship.
They saw the barrels sliding back and forth with each concussive recoil and wondered if they could design a device that would mimic that action, turning a semi-automatic rifle that fires once per trigger pull into a weapon capable of shooting hundreds of rounds per minute.
The result, which they eventually termed the "Akins Accelerator," seemed promising enough. Akins teamed up with a firearms industry business person, secured two letters from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) affirming the mechanism behind the device was legal, and poured their savings into the project.
But the ATF outlawed the device in 2005, concluding that the retail version transformed semi-automatic rifles into illegal machine guns.
Another company, Slide Fire Solutions, began making its own version of the bump stock that was approved by the ATF, in large part because it lacked a recoil spring that Akins had included.
Akins transferred their patent to an outdoor sporting goods company, FosTecH Outdoors, and the two rival manufacturers engaged in a legal battle over patent infringement before settling the case in 2012.
The owner of FosTecH, whose website says the company strives to be "your bump fire stock specialist," did not return a request for comment.
The seller's site said it had suspended sales of bump stocks while it works on catching up with demand, which has skyrocketed since the Vegas shooting due to customers' concerns that the item could be outlawed.
Slide Fire's founder, Jeremiah Cottle, did not return multiple calls for comment.
Akins is limited in what they can say about the litigation, saying only that they are "legally prevented" from discussing certain aspects of the bump stock industry. But they made clear their ire at the ATF.
"They just destroyed our business," they said.
The ATF did not immediately comment on the case.
Court documents showed the agency required all customers who purchased an Akins Accelerator to remove the spring, rendering the device inoperable.
"JUST A TINKERER ... WITH AN IDEA"
Akins' device was intended to improve upon "bump firing," a practice in which shooters fired from the hip while keeping a thumb hooked inside a belt loop for stability, using the gun's recoil to activate the trigger more quickly.
Their innovation let users brace rifles against their shoulders in a more normal firing stance, improving accuracy and control.
Akins put up their own property as collateral for a loan to launch the business. They estimated they sold several hundred devices, priced at more than $1,000 each, before they were shut down - not enough to cover their startup costs.
They filed two unsuccessful federal lawsuits against the ATF, leaving them with a workshop full of unused Akins Accelerators.
"Boy, did I get an education," they said. "I'm not a person who'd ever done business before with a corporation, never worked in the firearm industry before, just a tinkerer that came up with an idea."
Akins is largely retired, though they still  their Elvis costume for occasional gigs. They gave up their longtime National Rifle Association membership after they said the group offered no help in their fight against the ATF. But, they said, they remain a steadfast supporter of the right to bear arms.
They scoffed at the NRA's willingness to accept stricter regulation on bump stocks, saying any law would run afoul of the Second Amendment.
"Congress has the right to pass laws," they said. "But Congress is not supposed to pass a law that violates the constitution."
(Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Getty Image
Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council lost one of its members on Monday morning, when Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier announced they were stepping down citing “a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.” Thanks to Under Armour's Kevin Plank, Frazier isn't the only executive to part ways with the president's council.
Plank is the founder, CEO, and chairperson of Under Armour. They announced their decision to step down from the council in a statement, saying that their company “engages in innovation and sports, not politics.”
AP photo
According to Western media, tensions between conflicting parties in Libya continue growing. Libya may eventually split into several smaller regional states.
The Guardian published a map of Libya when it was divided into three states before 1963. The formations outlined the boundaries of three wilayahs of the Ottoman empires: Tripolitania in the west, Cyrenaica in the east, and Fezzan in the south.
A while back, junior national security adviser to US President, Sebastian Gorka, proposed dividing Libya into three states. Shortly before the inauguration of Donald Trump, Gorka presented a conditional diagram of the project at a meeting with a high-ranking European diplomat. Reportedly, Sebastian Gorka aims to receive the post of president's envoy in Libya.
Sebastian Gorka became a full-fledged American citizen only in 2012 owing to their "friendship" with senior adviser to the US president on political and strategic issues, right-wing extremist Stephen Bannon. Moreover, Gorka is suspected of having links with ultra-right Hungarian party "Order of the Knights", which is accused of anti-Semitism, cooperation with Nazis and involvement in the massacre of Jews in Hungary during World War II. Interestingly, members of such organizations are not entitled to receive US citizenship. However, Sebastian Gorka appeared to be an exception to the rule.
The White House has not provided any comments on the questions about the territorial division of Libya.
The idea to divide Libya into three states is not new. Hillary Clinton, when serving as US Secretary of State, was considering such a scenario too, which can be seen from their correspondence with assistant Jake Sullivan in March 2012.
Some experts believe that Western countries and several Arab states, Egypt in the first place, try to take Libya under control to gain access to its oil reserves.
To displace Colonel Gaddafi and then kill him, the US State Department provided distorted information to the White House. Tripoli's secret audio recordings unveiled that high-ranking Pentagon officials and Democratic members of congress were vehemently opposed to Hillary Clinton's decision to continue hostilities in Libya in March 2011. To stop the escalation of the conflict, they contacted members of Gaddafi's team via diplomatic channels.
The records of the talks between US officials and the son of Muammar Gaddafi, one of the Libyan leaders, were exposed by The Washington Times. The parties to the talks harshly criticized Mrs. Clinton's policy, noting that their tunnel thinking had led to an absolutely unnecessary war, for which even US special services saw no reasons.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Remember back in the late '90s when South Park was so popular that it bled into other forms of popular culture? So much so that WWF shows featured wrestlers wearing airbrushed South Park t-shirts, wrestlers carrying around Cartman dolls and fans bringing signs with wrestlers as South Park characters on them? Those days are back, apparently, as WWE chose to wish us Happy Holidays with a 2-minute parody of ‘Joy to the World' as sung by unlicensed South Park approximations of WWE Superstars. Sure!
Highlights include a tiny Velveteen Dream, Sheamus as a snowman with a mohawk made of carrots, Braun Strowman as The Abominable Snowmonster of the North from the Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer TV special and, of course, this couple of seconds of Rusev Day celebration:
By Kevin McGuire
As the Philadelphia Eagles prepare to face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl, it seems a spreading illness has been the biggest concern of the week. Perhaps it is all the extra exposure to people and the media in the week leading up to the big game?
Defensive tackle Timmy Jernigan has missed multiple practices this week. Jernigan was first ruled out of a practice a week ago in the last practice session in Philadelphia. An illness was the reason for their absence a week ago and continues to be the case this week. Having missed so much practice time would seem to make their availability for the Super Bowl at risk, although if it is just illness that is tying them down, they could still see some action in the game if they recover over the weekend.
Cornerback Ronald Darby was added to the injury report on Thursday with an illness. The good news, perhaps, is that Darby remained a full practice participant on Thursday and may still be good to go on Sunday.
The Eagles will need all the help they can get from the secondary as they face Tom Brady and tight end Rob Gronkowski. Gronkowski's status has been in the spotlight for both teams this week after missing some practice time while going through the NFL's concussion protocol, but the player announced on Thursday that they were cleared to play in Sunday's game. Gronkowski missed the Super Bowl last season due to an injury, so they will be ready to have a big game on Sunday.
For the Eagles, only minor injuries are on the weekly injury report on top of the obvious injuries to players like Carson Wentz, Darren Sproles and Jason Peters. Running back Jay Ajayi is listed with an ankle injury that has been ongoing since the NFC Championship Game, but they have been a full participant this week in Eagles' practices. Ajayi should figure to be a main cog in the Eagles' gameplan on offense this weekend as the team looks to use the running game to its advantage.
On defense, Fletcher Cox appearing on the injury report may be a reason to be concerned for some Eagles fans, but a calf injury has not slowed down Cox in practices this week. The Eagles have listed Cox as a full participant this week, so they should be ready to play their regular role in the Super Bowl. They will be a key player that can give New England some problems up front, and the Eagles will hope Cox can disrupt Tom Brady throughout the game.
QUESTIONABLE
DT Tim Jernigan (illness)
PROBABLE
RB Jay Ajayi (ankle)
DT Fletcher Cox (calf)
CB Ronald Darby (illness)
LB Dannell Ellerbe (hamstring)
Kevin McGuire is a Philadelphia area sports writer and college football editor for The Comeback and host of the No 2-Minute Warning Podcast. Follow McGuire on Twitter and like them on Facebook.
Target is buying a delivery logistics company to help it offer same-day delivery service to in-store shoppers.
Software made by San Francisco-based Grand Junction connects retailers with about 700 delivery companies around the country that pick up items from distribution centers and take them to customers.
Expanding delivery and making it faster have been key areas retailers have focused on to attract convenience-seeking shoppers.
Target has been working with Grand Junction to test same-day delivery at a New York store. Shoppers there can ask to have items delivered that day for a fee. Target plans to expand the service to other New York locations this year, then bring it to other major cities next year.
Minneapolis-based Target Corp. did not say how much it is paying for Grand Junction.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on records released by Las Vegas police regarding the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history (all times local):
4:25 p.m.
Aerial video released by Las Vegas police provides a unique overview but little new information about the deadliest mass shooting in the nation's modern history.
A quick review of footage released Wednesday includes six hours of video from a fixed-wing airplane.
The sequence began more than two hours after the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds at a concert near the Mandalay Bay resort.
Video also shows the gold-window facade of the hotel where the shooter had fired for about 10 minutes from the 32nd floor.
The footage scans the surrounding neighborhood and features eerie infrared eye-in-the-sky images.
After daylight, some of the newly released video shows investigators wearing yellow jackets beginning to explore debris around the grandstands, VIP area and green field where 22,000 people fled as shots rained down from rapid-fire assault-style weapons.
Police and the FBI say they don't know the shooter's motive, but they determined they acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism.
The material marked the fourth batch of records made public under court orders.
____
2:40 p.m.
Las Vegas police released video from traffic surveillance cameras along the Las Vegas Strip showing emergency vehicles arriving as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history unfolded.
A partial review of files made public Wednesday under court order shows video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard and an aircraft view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue where the attack occurred.
The video includes footage from Oct. 1 when shots were being fired into the crowd after 10 p.m. Muzzle flashes of gunfire cannot be seen from the camera view about a block from the concert venue.
As emergency vehicles clog the street, shadows can be seen of people running across a pedestrian bridge and people on the sidewalk clutching each other as they emerge from darkness and pass the camera.
The video is in color but there is no sound.
Courts have ordered police to make public officers' body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports.
The material released Wednesday was the fourth batch of records made public under the court order.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from the high-rise Mandalay Bay into the outdoor concert crowd.
___
1 p.m.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of video on Wednesday came after courts ordered the department to make public police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting.
It's the fourth batch of records to be released under the court order.
The material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism as officers responded to the massacre.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from a high-rise hotel into an outdoor concert crowd on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material being released. The FBI has declined to comment.
Both agencies say they don't have a motive for the attack and the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism.
____
10:20 a.m.
Police in Las Vegas are scheduled to release more records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of the materials has been promised for noon Wednesday.
Courts ordered the release of public records including police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material.
The FBI has also declined to comment.
Both say they don't have a motive for the attack, and that the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone in shooting from a high-rise hotel room into an outdoor concert crowd below, and that the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
When Javier Duarte stepped down from office last October, the former governor of Mexico's Veracruz state vowed to fight the mounting corruption allegations that unraveled their tenure.
"The circumstances created by false accusations ... force me to dedicate myself full-time to clear my name and that of my family," Duarte said on Oct. 13, according to The Yucatan Times, just one day after they ended their term six weeks early.
Then, Duarte disappeared.
It would be another half-year before the surfaced — this time in handcuffs, escorted from their hotel at a lakeside resort in Guatemala on Saturday night. Authorities say they had been squirreled away in a hotel room with their wife, attempting to pass as a tourist.
Now they are in a prison cell in Guatemala City, awaiting their widely expected extradition back to Mexico, where Reuters reports he'll face allegations that they diverted public funds for their personal enrichment. That includes a luxury ranch — packed with paintings by masters such as Joan Miro and Leonora Carrington, the BBC reports — that authorities say was paid for by siphoned dollars.
During their roughly six years in office, Duarte's Gulf Coast state also earned the inglorious distinction of becoming "one of the world's most lethal regions for the press," according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. The CPJ estimated last year that at least 12 journalists were murdered during Duarte's tenure; other organizations have placed that number even higher.
A 2012 dispatch from CPJ correspondent Mike O'Connor explains the atmosphere that took shape under Duarte:
"Veracruz is a beautiful, long, thin state on the Gulf coast of Mexico where many journalists are terrified not only of the rampant organized crime groups that kill and control, but also of the state government. Fear that state officials will order them murdered for what they investigate or write has forced about a dozen journalists to flee the state, claiming that fear also puts a clamp on coverage for those who remain."
And that's not to mention the mass grave discovered outside Veracruz city last month that contained 252 bodies, many of which are believed to have been buried years ago.
Strikingly, Duarte's allegation-plagued tenure was by no means uncommon. The politician isn't the only former Mexican governor to draw prosecutors' attention — nor was they the only former leader in their own party, the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, to go on the lam for an extended period.
Former Tamaulipas Gov. Tomás Yarrington was caught in Florence, Italy, just last week after five years on the run. U.S. prosecutors have alleged they "accepted millions of dollars in drug cartel bribes and invested it in Texas real estate," according to The Associated Press. And The Wall Street Journal, citing orders issued by state police, says that Yarrington had been assigned eight law enforcement officers as bodyguards as late as last year.
Meanwhile former Chihuahua Gov. Cesar Duarte — no relation — has still eluded authorities after they stepped down last year. Once a rising star in the PRI like Javier Duarte (who was suspended from the party around the time of their disappearance) and Yarrington, Cesar Duarte is being pursued over embezzlement charges.
All of this makes for a rather persistent problem for the party's leader, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, who has been battling historically terrible approval ratings.
So it's not too much of a surprise that, as the AP reports, the PRI cheered the capture of the former Veracruz governor, who the party said should "be punished in an exemplary fashion, as well as anyone who is confirmed to have taken part in their criminal ring."
Still, it will do little to erase the rather unexemplary records of many governors across Mexico — and not just those in the PRI. The Duartes have plenty of company.
The Los Angeles Times breaks it down: In a country of 31 states and one federal district, nearly a dozen governors recently out of office are on the lam, under investigation or already in prison.
USAFline 1/72 Tailcodes and Numbers Decal First Look
By Chuck Holte
Date of Review April 2017 Manufacturer USAFline Subject Tailcodes and Numbers Scale 1/72 Set Number 72021/22 Pros Fills gap in scale tail code decals Cons Nothing noted Skill Level Novice MSRP (GBP) £6.00
First Look
The Vietnam war marked the USAF transition from natural metal-like finishes to the well-known South East Asia (SEA) predominately green, brown and gray camouflage schemes for combat and some combat support aircraft. The previous black lettering and numbering gave way in many cases to white or light gray, although, depending on the mission of the aircraft, some continued with the black tail codes, and in some cases red codes (some B-57s, SR-71, U-2). The SEA camo lasted well into the '70s when it evolved into a "wrap-around scheme" of the upper surface colors, eliminating the under-fuselage and under-wing gray and changing the tail codes to black. The "wrap-arounds" subsequently morphed to various shades of gray with some aircraft continuing to this day with black tail-codes and others with contrasting gray tail-codes.
USAFline , an aftermarket company based in the United Kingdom, recently added two decal sheets with "Distinctive Unit Aircraft Markings," in 1/72 scale, 24-inch, black and white block letters and numbers. The densely populated 6x8 inch water-slide sheets are crisply screen printed in accurate USAF style Amarillo font with thin carrier film and minimal edge film. In addition to the scale 24-inch letters and appropriate serial numbers, on the same sheets, you will find 6-inch USAF markings and letters for camouflaged aircraft which did not carry the larger tail codes. The two page 8 x 11½ instruction and placement guide is an excellent reference in its own right, drawing largely from the official USAF Tech Order 1-1-4 "EXTERIOR FINISHES, INSIGNIA AND MARKINGS, APPLICABLE TO USAF AIRCRAFT." By the way, this reference document can be found at the excellent IPMS/UK USAF Special Interest Group website (http://www.usaf-sig.org). Decals (and other goodies) may be ordered directly from USAFline.
These decals will be welcomed and used by many of us who want to accurately model specific subjects not covered by kit or commercial decals. They will also be useful in replacing those dried and yellowed old kit decals not up to current decal standards. Highly Recommended. My sincere thanks to USAFline for these review samples!
Dell has just improved its already brilliant XPS 13 -- it will now be available as a 2-in-1, which means the device has the versatility to be a laptop or a tablet.
I had the chance to play around with the device prior to CES. It has a clever design and wowed me with its sleek design and edge-to-edge screen, but it won't come cheap.
The starting price of the XPS 13 2-in-1 is US$999, and it'll start shipping this month. That's about $200 more than the starting price of the XPS laptop. You are paying more for the versatility of the XPS 13 2-in-1.
On the outside, the XPS 13 2-in-1 looks like the XPS 13 laptop, but Dell has changed the hinge connecting the keyboard base and screen. The screen can be rotated 360 degrees to turn the device into a tablet.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 weighs 1.24 kilograms and is surprisingly thin and light thanks to its intelligent design. With its 13.3-inch edge-to-edge screen, the device fits in a typical frame of an 11.6-inch laptop. There's more screen to work with and less border surrounding the display.
Though intended to be a laptop first, it excels as a tablet, thanks to the brilliant screen and the light weight of the tablet.
The unit I tested had a 3200 x 1800-pixel screen, which is the maximum resolution. The colors were bright and vivid, and videos played smoothly. A 4K option won't be available, unfortunately.
Dell claims the battery life of the XPS 13 2-in-1 ranges from nine to 15 hours, depending on how you use it. The battery life goes up if you're doing basic productivity work and declines to around nine hours if you are watching Netflix movies.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 is a step down in performance compared to the XPS 13 laptop, but the decline is not visible when running basic applications or graphics.
The device has a 7th Generation Intel Core i5-7Y54 or Core i7-7Y75 processor, which aren't as speedy as the mainstream Kaby Lake-based Core i3, i5, and i7 processors offered in the XPS 13 laptop. An Intel integrated GPU can support 4K graphics play-back on external displays.
Dell went with the Y-series Kaby Lake chips so the XPS 13 2-in-1 can provide long battery life, compared to tablets today.
Otherwise, the XPS 13 2-in-1 is loaded with the latest features, comparable to its laptop cousin. It has 802.11ac wireless, Thunderbolt 3, a micro-SD card slot, and two USB Type-C 3.1 ports. The USB Type-C port works with HDMI and DisplayPort connectors.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 has inherited some weaknesses from the laptop. For all its wonderful features, the device hasn't solved a webcam problem. It has an infrared camera and webcam under the screen -- jokingly called "nosecam" because of its angle relative to the user's nose. It's a design compromise because of the edgeless screen, and there's no space, when it's used as a laptop, to put a webcam on top of the screen. In tablet mode, the device can be reoriented to put the webcam on top of the screen, however.
Some users are comfortable with the webcam's location, others are not.
So if you want versatility, go with the XPS 13 2-in-1, but if you're looking to multitask, go for the XPS 13 laptop. Nevertheless, the XPS 13 2-in-1 is a fine hybrid device with a great screen.
By Keegan Ried
The Amarillo College Adult Education and Literacy department (AEL) is receiving statewide recognition. AC's AEL department recently won second place for the College Integration award and received a check worth $30,000 from the Texas Workfore Commission.
The College Integration award is presented to organizations that exemplify excellence in providing services to high school equivalency (HSE), English as a second language (ESL) and college transitions students. “I am so very proud of the work of the AEL team,” Edie Carter, dean of academic success, said.
Carter noted that when it comes to integrating HSE and ESL students with the rest of the college student body, AC is the exception rather than the rule.
“Traditionally, adult education has been viewed as a separate program. Amarillo College's leaders have worked hard to integrate AEL students,” said Alicia Panelli, AEL data analyst.
“This integration allows us to encourage and support the students as they move beyond their GED to receive a certificate or college degree.”
Getting a GED is an integral step in obtaining a higher education, but Carter said these students face many other challenges. “Breaking down barriers for HSE, ESL and transitions students has led individuals toward a brighter tomorrow, which, in turn, strengthens our community,” Carter said.
AC's programs have been so successful that the institution is now helping other colleges by providing guidance and mentoring.
“AC faculty and staff are developing a national reputation for educating and supporting our students and ensuring they are able to achieve a college certificate or degree no matter what level they start in their education journey,” Dr. Russell Lowery-Hart, AC president, said.
“If our community is going to diversify its economy and grow our economic opportunities, we have to educate every student in our community – including those who need GED and ESL services.”
White House Press secretary Sean Spicer speaks to the media during the daily briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Michael Flynn's conversations with a Russian diplomat roiled the White House and put a spotlight on a little-enforced law prohibiting U.S. citizens from trying to influence a foreign government in disputes with the United States.
Flynn resigned as national security adviser after conceding that they may have discussed U.S. sanctions in phone calls with Russia's ambassador to the United States while Barack Obama was still in office. Those conversations may have violated the Logan Act, which aims to bar private citizens from conducting diplomacy, though White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Tuesday that no legal issues arose.
Still, the centuries-old act has been so rarely invoked that legal experts say it may no longer be valid. And no one has been found guilty of violating the act in its more than 200-year history.
A look at the Logan Act and whether such conversations could lead to charges.
WHAT IS THE LOGAN ACT?
Lawmakers enacted the Logan Act in 1799 after George Logan, a friend of Thomas Jefferson, made a private visit to France in an attempt to ease tensions with the United States after the French Revolution. That trip was sharply criticized back home as an inappropriate interference in affairs between the two countries, prompting the passage of the law.
HAS IT EVER BEEN USED BEFORE?
Since then, there appear to have been very few indictments, and no prosecutions, under the obscure act. Legal experts say that would make potential violations even harder to prove in court.
The one known indictment came in 1803 after a Kentucky farmer wrote a newspaper article advocating for a separate country within the United States that would ally with France. But no prosecution followed.
"It really is an anachronism," written during a very different time in diplomatic and constitutional history, said Stephen Vladeck, a professor at the University of Texas School of Law. "The statue was written at a time when Congress thought it had the power to criminalize this kind of ill-conceived, but not illegal, speech."
Over the years, politicians and public figures have been accused of violating the Logan Act, often by political rivals. The Rev. Jesse Jackson's diplomatic activities in several countries in the 1980s, including trips to Cuba to negotiate the release of prisoners, raised questions about whether they violated the act. So did former NBA star Dennis Rodman's travels to North Korea to meet with dictator Kim Jong-un in 2014. Another allegation involved a letter sent by 47 Republican senators to Iran's leaders in 2015, warning them against making a nuclear deal with Obama.
None of those cases yielded criminal charges. A court could find the Logan Act no longer valid under a legal doctrine that says statutes become unenforceable if they are never used.
IF FLYNN DISCUSSED SANCTIONS, DIDN'T They BREAK THE LAW?
Discussing economic sanctions against Russia with the Russian envoy during the American presidential transition could have been a violation of the act. But that doesn't mean it will result in charges against Flynn. Prosecutors, for questions of resources or interpretations of the law, sometimes opt not to pursue criminal cases even when presented with a clear violation. And when it comes to the Logan Act, they would have to overcome a difficult defense that Flynn's phone calls were protected free speech. They would also have to prove Flynn was actually acting without the authority of the United States, Vladeck said.
And then find a prosecutor willing to take the case.
A U.S. official told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the FBI interviewed Flynn about their actions with the ambassador. But the content of the conversations is unclear.
The official was briefed on the investigation but was not authorized to discuss it by name and spoke on condition of anonymity.
If Flynn lied to investigators, they would have opened themselves up to a possible felony prosecution for making false statements.
But Vladeck called threats to prosecute under the Logan Act "an increasingly empty gesture."
"It's a fun game for commentators to play," they said. "It's a way of turning what looks like a really bad move into a potentially illegal one."
___
Associated Press writer Eric Tucker contributed to this report.
The Killers made good on their promise of new music. And because this is Brandon Flowers, they did it in the biggest and gaudiest way possible. “The Man” — their first new single since 2012's Battle Born — is a stomping and glittery slice of apocalyptic funk. Listen to it below.
On the first taste of their just announced new album Wonderful Wonderful, Flowers swaggers their way through the wasteland. A choir and some undeniable, crunchy bass backs up their assertions that he's really the man come 'round. It's the funkiest reference to death you'll hear today, that's for sure.
Of course, this is still The Killers. Alongside the deliciously bombastic arrangements, you will have to accept a fair amount of cheese. I'm not sure even Bruno Mars could pull off that schmaltzy line about being “USDA certified lean” but the chorus swoops in quickly enough to clean up. Barring U2, no one else working makes music this un-self-consciously large. And it's just good to hear this band absolutely going for it again, honestly, whiffs and all.
Beyond “The Man” little is known about Wonderful Wonderful. The band hasn't set a release date or shared a tracklist. But you can hear Flowers lay out tidbits in an interview with the BBC above.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
By DAVID A. LIEB and JIM SALTER
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Even in surrender, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is going out fighting.
When they step down Friday, the former Navy SEAL officer will be conceding political defeat amid allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign violations while still defiantly asserting that he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
He's even hinted at a possible political comeback, declaring during their resignation announcement Tuesday that "this is not the end of our fight." But political analysts say the man who had aspirations of becoming president could find a political revival challenging, especially in a #MeToo environment where they would be vulnerable to attack for allegedly taking a compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
Greitens' resignation comes just two weeks after a speech in which they recalled their grueling SEAL training and asserted they would never stop fighting. But their departure was days in the making, as Greitens wrestled with mounting legal bills and the emotional pressures of defending against possible impeachment and a criminal trial.
On Wednesday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner dismissed a felony charge accusing Greitens of tampering with computer data for providing their political fundraiser with the donor list of a veterans' charity they founded. The dropped charge was the result of a deal proposed Saturday by Greitens' defense attorneys offering their resignation in exchange, said Gardner spokesperson Susan Ryan.
The governor on Saturday also called Republican consultant Jeff Roe, who headed Greitens' aggressive public relations campaign, to inform Roe that they had decided to resign. Greitens' legal bills had grown to a couple of million dollars, and their campaign staffers also were facing legal bills because of subpoenas from a House investigation.
Though Greitens had believed they could beat both a criminal charge and impeachment, "he couldn't see the end without an immense financial and personal price to pay," Roe told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
Even though he's quitting amid scandal, some Greitens voters said they still like him. Retiree Wilma Nelson said they would be open to voting for Greitens again if they sought to re-enter politics.
"I can't fault them for giving up. So much money, so much stress, such strain on their young family. You can't deal with such hate," said Nelson, of Platte City.
Political science professor Jeremy Walling, of Southeast Missouri State University, said Greitens' pledge to keep fighting seemed to be "some face-saving."
Walling said several factors would make a political revival tougher for Greitens than for other scandal-plagued politicians. They said Greitens lacks deep support among Missouri's Republican power brokers, and their acknowledged extramarital affair included claims of sexual misconduct. The allegations also extended to political fundraising violations.
"I think a comeback is going to be kind of difficult for this guy," Walling said.
Gardner, the St. Louis prosecutor, said their decision to drop the data-tampering charge against Greitens was no indication that they believed they were innocent.
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," said Gardner, a Democrat.
Had the governor been convicted, Gardner said, it was unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge they faced and the fact that they would be a first-time offender.
Greitens' attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue.
A St. Louis judge approved the agreement, which has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Gardner and everyone in their office from civil liability.
Former Missouri Supreme Court Chief Justice Michael Wolff said the agreement between Greitens' attorneys and Gardner's office is highly unusual because it protects Gardner and their staff from being sued for their actions and because Greitens did not have to plead guilty to any lesser charge.
"Here's a guy who gets to get out of a felony charge just by agreeing to quit their job," Wolff said. "Most people don't get this deal."
Jean Paul Bradshaw II, a former U.S. attorney for western Missouri, said the agreement to drop the case represents a "fair resolution" because Greitens' resignation accomplished "the greatest public benefit" possible.
The governor also was indicted on an invasion-of-privacy charge in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking the photo of the woman who had been their hairdresser during their affair in 2015, before they were elected. That charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
Martin said they expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but they offered no details.
"I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal," Martin said.
Though Greitens had apparently decided to resign days earlier, they began the week as though they would continue their fight. On Monday, they spoke with attorney Catherine Hanaway about their legal defense of Greitens' campaign, which already had turned over thousands of documents to a House investigatory committee.
On Tuesday morning, a Cole County judge ordered the campaign and a pro-Greitens group called A New Missouri to comply with a House subpoena seeking more records about potential coordination between the nonprofit organization, Greitens and their campaign. The judge said the names of any donors to A New Missouri could be redacted.
House Speaker Todd Richardson said Wednesday that they didn't know whether the House still has the power or desire to enforce the subpoena now that Greitens is resigning.
Hanaway described the judicial ruling as "pretty innocuous," adding that they did not think the order "had any effect on the decision" to resign.
Roe said Greitens had been prepared for a two-stage fight. They were first focused on the invasion-of-privacy charge, which was dropped during jury selection. Greitens had hoped to be acquitted, which Roe said would have allowed them to mount a full defense against the potential House impeachment proceedings. But the specter of those charges being refiled hampered what Greitens could say and do on both fronts, Roe said.
Roe also said it appeared likely that the House would vote to impeach Greitens, a step that would have prolonged their fight for several more months until a trial could be held on whether to remove them from office.
"The human and financial toll was too great," Roe said. "And it was going to go on for too long."
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Blake Nelson in Jefferson City and John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
You can't accuse Veredictum.io of lacking ambition: The Sydney-based startup is dedicated to fighting copyright infringement through the creation of a system that allows content creators to register their work; a distributed system to search for copyright violations; and ultimately a digital content marketplace underpinned by peer-to-peer distribution.
Driving the system the startup envisages a Bitcoin-style blockchain and a new cryptocurrency dubbed ‘Ventana' (Spanish for Window).
The startup was founded by Tim Lea after the experience of seeing an award-winning indie feature film they wrote and directed, 54 Days, being pirated. “Not to the same level as Hollywood movies — I'd be lying if I said that — but when you've had 116 people involved in the project, you think ‘What the heck is this?',” they said.
Lea first encountered Bitcoin in 2011 and thought it was “completely geeky”. But in January 2015, they started digging into the subject again and talking to people about the cryptocurrency and the blockchain that acts as its distributed ledger of transactions. They said they had the realisation that perhaps the technology could help combat film piracy.
Veredictum.io itself was founded in November 2015.
The startup is still building out its platform but has produced a number of papers explaining how it is intended to work.
The first element is a system to “permanently register video-based content” on a blockchain-style registry. Registration will also involve a digital fingerprinting service by Veredictum.io that links to details of the ownership and distribution rights of a piece of content on the blockchain.
The digital fingerprinting is used for the second part of the system, which is a distributed search for unauthorised distribution of the registered material. That will rely on contributed computing power from the Ventana community in a fashion that Lea describes as akin to the SETI@home distributed computing project; a “SETI for pirated content,” Lea says.
“It's the idea we use the individuals in the creative community to actually act as a decentralised search and detect structure,” they say.
The system would be focussed on hosted files and illicit live streams rather than BitTorrent and similar peer-to-peer systems.
Content producers could use the system to automatically file takedown notices, they add.
In exchange for the contribution of computing power and bandwidth during periods of low demand, participants will receive Ventana. Content producers that participate in the system will pay monthly subscription fees, some of which will be used to maintain the Veredictum.io platform and some of which will be converted and paid out to people who provide the “nodes” of the system.
The third pillar of the system is a peer-to-peer distribution system with a marketplace wrapped around it that can be used to connect content producers to social media influencers.
“So, for example, people that have a large Twitter following, a large YouTube following, a large Instagram following – whatever it might be, they're going to have a tribe of people that follow them,” Lea says.
The startup does not plan to launch all three interlocking systems simultaneously. The digital fingerprinting service is in private alpha, while the content search system is still under design and the distribution system a concept at this stage.
Veredictum.io plans to raise funds via a Ventana token sale (or initial coin offering), which is being launched today.
AP Photo/Jessica Hill
STORRS, Conn. (AP) — As faux $100 bills adorned with coach Geno Auriemma's face rained down on the sellout crowd at UConn after the team's 100th consecutive win, the Hall of Fame coach waxed poetic about the Huskies' past and present. It's the future though, that he's most interested in. With 100 straight victories in the books, Auriemma and their top-ranked Huskies can turn their attention to the more important streak – a fifth consecutive national championship and 12th overall. “Tonight they carried the torch across the finish line to 100 so to speak, they took the last baton and crossed the finish line,” Auriemma said after the 66-55 win over South Carolina on Monday. “If we win the national championship it is all theirs start to finish. I want to focus on trying to do that instead of worrying about all this other stuff. Don't get me wrong, it is a lot of fun, everybody gets a kick out of it, our players, our former players, the fans so I think that is great.” UConn's past was out in full force Monday night. Sitting a few rows behind the Huskies bench was UConn women's basketball royalty with former greats Sue Bird, Tina Charles, Morgan Tuck and Breanna Stewart watching the milestone win. They paved the way for the current success, including Tuck and Stewart being a huge part of the first 75 victories of this current streak. “We're extremely conscious,” guard Kia Nurse said of the team's history. “We understand that everything that we have here, all the opportunities we have and the benefits that we have about being this program strictly come from what they've done to build it into what it is today. I think even in practices, when you're dead tired, you can see the banners on the wall with their names and understand that they went through it and they pushed through it and they got this to what it is.” Auriemma's main priority with this team all along is to have them cut down the nets in Dallas in early April. They built this year's schedule – as they do many practices – to test their team, expecting them to fail before solving a challenge. They figured they would take some lumps early before hopefully coming together to make another March run. The funny thing is, the Huskies haven't failed yet, winning their first 25 games against the nation's best. Look down the Top 25 and UConn's already beaten No. 2 Maryland, No. 4s Baylor and Florida State, No. 6 South Carolina, No. 7 Notre Dame and No. 8 Texas. “I'm probably the most surprised person in the country,” Auriemma said. “I set the schedule up so that (the streak continuing) wouldn't happen, and it has happened. I'm flabbergasted to a certain extent.” If that streak continues, they'll enter the NCAAs with 107 consecutive wins. That shouldn't be too hard since the Huskies haven't lost an American Athletic Conference game, going 75-0, since joining a few years back. Six wins in the NCAAs would get UConn a 12th national championship. Then talk will turn to how long can the Huskies keep the run going? UConn returns six of its seven rotation players and adds transfers Azura Stevens and Batouly Camara. Throw in the nation's top recruiting class and the Huskies could break Wayland Baptist's record of 131 consecutive wins set from 1953-58. Then what? 150 straight? 200 in a row? Those numbers may seem crazy, but it's tough to bet against these Huskies right now. Notes: The Monday night game drew the highest overnight rating on ESPN2 for any college basketball game this season – men's or women's on that network. It was the highest-rated women's college basketball regular season game since 2010. … Of the 100 games, 56 have been decided by more than 40 points. Only two (Florida State and Maryland) were fewer than 10-point wins. … UConn's milestone win drew social media praise from Kobe Bryant and Ellen DeGeneres . — Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
Comments
comments
A lavish family affair is coming up this weekend, and all the proceeds are going to Make-A-Wish Canada”.
Jennifer White was here this morning to tell us about The Princess Ball.
Follow-on Instagram & Facebook
Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon watches from the dugout the final out of the fifth inning during in Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
A look at what's happening all around the majors Saturday:
___
KRYPTONITE
Justin Turner and the major league-best Dodgers try to solve nemesis Robbie Ray (15-5, 2.89 ERA, 218 Ks) in Game 2 of the NL Division Series at 9:08 p.m. EDT. Ray dominated the Dodgers during the regular season, going 3-0 in five starts with a 2.27 ERA and a whopping 53 strikeouts in 31 2/3 innings. They even went 5 for 12 (.417) at the plate with two RBIs. But the left-hander threw 34 pitches over 2 1/3 innings in relief Wednesday during Arizona's wild-card win over Colorado, so it will be interesting to see how fresh they look. Los Angeles counters with lefty Rich Hill (12-8, 3.32), who had a 2.77 ERA at home this year. They were 0-3 with a 5.03 ERA in four starts against the Diamondbacks overall.
ARMS RACE
After a well-pitched opener, it's a matchup of veteran left-handers in Game 2 of the NL Division Series between the Cubs and Nationals at 5:38 p.m. EDT. Jon Lester (13-8) starts for the defending World Series champions against Gio Gonzalez (15-9) and Washington after two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer was pushed back to Game 3 because they tweaked their right hamstring in their last regular-season outing. Gonzalez said they had been preparing to pitch Monday at Wrigley Field until they were told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2. Lester won their final two starts, allowing one run over 11 innings, after compiling an 8.22 ERA in their previous five games.
TAKE A BREAK
Boston's pitchers get a breather after being battered around by the Astros in the first two games of their ALDS, and nearly all the arms need a rest in the Yankees-Indians series following Friday's extra-innings showdown. Houston leads its best-of-five matchup 2-0 after a pair of 8-2 wins, including a three-homer outburst from Jose Altuve on Thursday and long balls from Carlos Correa and George Springer on Friday. The Red Sox and Game 3 starter Doug Fister will plot for Houston during a workout at Fenway Park before that series resumes Sunday. New York and Cleveland will get a practice day at Yankee Stadium.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The Delhi Police on Wednesday arrested principal of Mother Khazani Convent School in Bawana in connection with the CBSE paper leak case. Earlier, two teachers of the same school and were arrested for leaking CBSE question papers.
The Delhi Police on Wednesday arrested principal of Mother Khazani Convent School in Bawana in connection with the CBSE paper leak case. Earlier, two teachers of the same school were arrested for leaking CBSE question papers. Speaking on the matter, Deputy Police Commissioner G Ram Gopal Naik said that the police have arrested the principal of a Bawana school. The police further said that principal was involved in CBSE paper leak case. At least two modules were involved in CBSE paper leak case.
In the CBSE paper leak case, along with class 12th economics paper, class 10th mathematics paper had surfaced on social media before the scheduled examination. Earlier, police had arrested six people, including a woman, from Una in Himachal Pradesh.
ALSO READ: CM Kejriwal vs L-G Anil Baijal: Here's what all neta log said about Delhi power tussle verdict
In the probe, Delhi police team investigating the matter has found that both teachers of Bawana school had clicked photographs of the class 12th economics paper and sent it to other accused Tauqeer, who is a private tuition teacher and was arrested by police earlier. After receiving papers, Tauqeer circulated the paper among their students through WhatsApp, hours before the scheduled examination.
In the paper leak case, two cases were registered by the national capital police. The first case was related to the leak of economics paper, which was held on March 26 and another case was filed on March 28, related to the leak of mathematics paper.
After the leak, the CBSE announced re-conduct of the economics exam on April 25, however, CBSE decided to not hold the class 10th mathematics paper, saying that the examination was largely an internal segment of the school education system.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
Prime Minister Theresa May has announced a snap general election.
There was anticipation over the unexpected statement outside Downing Street, which is only used for major announcements.
They will now need to get the backing of two thirds of MPs in the House of Commons tomorrow, Wednesday, to overturn the Fixed Term Parliament Act meaning the next General Election must be 2020.
The Prime Minister used to a statement in Downing Street to set out the case for going back on their previous pledge there would be no election ahead of 2020.
Mrs May said the lack of “unity” in Westminster over the Brexit process was weakening the Government's negotiating hand with Brussels and meant an election was required.
“We need a General Election and we need one now,” they said.
Explaining the timing, Mrs May said it would coincide with the European Union leaders finalising their Brexit negotiating position and come before full talks begin.
Under the terms of the Fixed Term Parliament Act, MPs will have to vote for an early election in Parliament tomorrow.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said: “This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
“Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said they welcomed Mrs May's announcement because it gave “the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first”.
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a Government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS. In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain.”
More to follow...
Kazakhstan Weightlifting Federation (WFRK) secretary general Aldiyar Nuralinov has claimed there is a lot of support for their decision to challenge the qualifying system for the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo at the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).
While countries with a clean record can send eight athletes to Tokyo 2020, Kazakhstan can send a maximum of two - one man and one woman - because its athletes have been caught cheating so often.
In the past 10 years, Kazakhstan weightlifters have tested positive 36 times at the Olympic Games, international championships and out of competition.
Ilya Ilyin was the most prominent name among the eight Kazakhs disqualified after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) re-tested samples from Beijing 2008 and London 2012.
They lost five gold medals, two of them won by Ilyin, plus a silver and a bronze, for testing positive retrospectively.
The International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) is confident it can successfully oppose Kazakhstan's appeal, but speaking to insidethegames here during IWF Executive Board meeting, Nuralinov claimed support is strong for the WFRK's move last month.
"I know that internally they're supporting us and I've heard a lot of support," they said.
"I wouldn't mention from whom exactly - I don't want to mention names.
"But a lot of people support our intention because everybody understands that we are struggling not only for the Kazakh lifters.
"We are appealing on the rules which concern the entire sport."
The IWF is holding a series of meetings in Tashkent this week ©IWF
Nuralinov also claimed that the WFRK knows that some Federations would have followed the same course of action, had it not been for time and financial constraints.
"For some, it was probably [too] late because there are certain deadlines when you can file the appeal," they said.
"Maybe some of the Federations face some financial problems and they didn't apply."
Kazakhstan is one of nine nations serving a one-year suspension imposed by the IWF for multiple offences.
There is no nation in the world that as had more positives than Kazakhstan since 2008, the date which the IWF used a start point in assessing its members' doping record for the purposes of awarding quota places for Tokyo 2020.
Several other countries are restricted to reduced places at Tokyo 2020 because they have accrued 20 or more positives in the past 10 years, Russia and Azerbaijan being among them.
"We are not against the rules of the qualification system themselves, we are against the way it's implemented," Nuralinov told insidethegames.
"If the rules are approved, we think that the effectiveness of them can be easily implemented, starting from the approval day, from today.
"But the way it's done over 10 years of history definitely says that it is done with a purpose."
In a recent statement, the IWF claimed that the principle aim of its radical new system was "protecting clean sport" and pointed out that the qualifying process had been approved by the IOC.
Athletes will be tested far more often than in the past, as they must compete at least six times in the 18-month qualifying period that due to start on November 1.
Between Beijing 2008 and London 2012, Ilyin competed only twice at international events.
Maiya Maneza, also disqualified from both Olympic Games, including London 2012, where they had won the gold medal, competed five times in four years.
Ilya Ilyin was the most prominent name among the eight Kazakhs disqualified after the International Olympic Committee re-tested samples from the Beijing 2008 and London 2012 Olympics ©Getty Images
Nuralinov insisted the WFRK has maintained a good working relationship with the IWF, despite their decision to take their appeal to CAS.
"Nobody is saying that us appealing to CAS will destroy the relationship," they said.
"We are still working with each other, but it's our right and the right of our clean athletes to appeal.
"We have the worst history in the past, but now the situation is changing.
"New management of the Federation came - they fully understand the current situation.
"We've implemented a lot of new things in order to help clean sport.
"Since 2016, we haven't had any positive cases at international level, but at the same time, quota reductions don't help us to develop further our clean sport programmes.
"Athletes are just quitting the sport because it's not a secret to any of them that Olympic medals is the pinnacle of the sport."
The IWF Executive Board meeting here in Uzbekistan's capital is taking place today and tomorrow, and is due to be followed by the IWF Congress on Friday (July 6).
Uproxx
The food community was shaken on Monday morning when one of the world's biggest celebrity chefs joined the growing list of powerful men accused of sexual harassment and assault. Mario Batali — major tv personality and restaurateur — was accused by four women of sexual misconduct. As with any of these high profile media revelations, Batali's colleagues are expected to respond publicly and swiftly to their conduct. And in light of these allegations, their peers have been reacting on Twitter.
The lead upstarted Sunday night with Anthony Bourdain hinting that news about a well known chef was about to rock the community. After Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme apologized for kicking a reporter in the head during a concert, Bourdain shared their disgust and warned fans that, “.. and Monday, I'm afraid, isn't going to get any better.”
..and Monday, I'm afraid, isn't going to get any better . — Anthony Bourdain (@Bourdain) December 11, 2017
“No, trust me,” they continued. “Monday is really gonna suck.”
No. Trust me. Monday is really gonna suck . — Anthony Bourdain (@Bourdain) December 11, 2017
When the news broke about the famous chef allegedly groping multiple women, Bourdain released the thoughts that they had apparently been sitting on for quite awhile.
(AP Photo/Richard Drew, File). FILE- This April 5, 2018, file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, April 25.
NEW YORK (AP) - The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local):
2:07 p.m.
Stocks are falling sharply on Wall Street as big technology and industrial companies take heavy losses.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 600 points Tuesday, weighed down by sharp drops in Caterpillar, a heavy equipment maker, and manufacturer 3M.
Caterpillar warned of weaker profits and 3M, like several other manufacturers reporting their quarterly results, said it was seeing higher costs for raw materials.
Mining company Freeport-McMoRan plunged 16 percent.
Google parent Alphabet sank 5.3 percent after reporting a spike in spending.
The Dow was down 540 points, or 2.2 percent, at 23,918. It was down as much as 619 earlier.
The S&P 500 index lost 44 points, or 1.7 percent, to 2,626. The Nasdaq gave up 144 points, or 2 percent, to 6,984.
___
11:45 a.m.
Major U.S. stock indexes gave up an early gain and were mostly lower in midday trading, but smaller companies rose.
Travelers, mining company Freeport-McMoRan and plumbing supplies maker Masco all fell Tuesday after reporting results that were weaker than analysts were expecting.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury, a benchmark for interest rates on many kinds of loans including mortgages, hit 3 percent for the first time since January 2014, reflecting higher expectations for inflation and economic growth.
Some companies rose after reporting solid results. Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose.
The S&P 500 index fell 5 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,664.
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 124 points, or 0.5 percent, to 24,313. The Nasdaq gave up 45 points, or 0.6 percent, to 7,083.
___
9:50 a.m.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages, hit 3 percent for the first time since January 2014.
The rising yield reflects higher expectations for inflation and economic growth.
Stocks moved broadly higher in early trading Tuesday as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose.
The S&P 500 index rose 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,674.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 47 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 11 points, or 0.2 percent, to 7,139.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury went as high as 3 percent in early trading before slipping back to 2.99 percent.
___
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening broadly higher on Wall Street as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose sharply in early trading Tuesday after reporting results that came in ahead of analysts' forecasts.
Google parent Alphabet also reported surging earnings, but its stock fell 2.2 percent as the company said spending rose sharply.
Drugmaker Shire rose 3.3 percent after saying it had received another takeover offer from Japanese rival Takeda.
The S&P 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,680.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 71 points, or 0.3 percent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 34 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,162.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.99 percent.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Shutterstock
The Guardian's explosive report on Cambridge Analytica's privacy violation of using of data compiled by Facebook to help shape the outcome the 2016 election has led to a growing backlash dubbed #DeleteFacebook. The “information warfare,” which was shaped by Steve Bannon and Breitbart money-man Robert Mercer to help the Trump campaign is now under investigation in the United Kingdom and the United States, with Facebook left without an explanation of how Cambridge Analytica acquired the information of 50 million users.
Now people are taking matters into their own hands, calling to #DeleteFacebook. In the ensuing fallout, Facebook's security chief has reportedly walked away from the company after disagreeing with how they should handle disinformation, and the company's stock plunged nearly five percent by the time the closing bell rang on Wall Street Monday.
Finally deleted my @facebook account. If you're angry about what facebook has done with our data then just #deletefacebook We all moved on from MySpace we can move on from facebook too. Remember we aren't the customers we are the product #CambridgeAnalytica — Eric (@ecarpen) March 17, 2018
https://twitter.com/FinnDen/status/975076265257553920https://twitter.com/Rosie/status/975838280787906562
The Cambridge Analytica scandal now up to 5th place in the list of reasons to delete Facebook behind 4. Racist uncles
3. Aunts sharing shite memes
2. Screenshots of jokes you saw on Twitter 4 days ago
1. It's just a creche for morons — Oldfirmfacts (@Oldfirmfacts1) March 19, 2018
Attacker: [fraudulently exfiltrates huge amounts of data from Facebook]
Facebook: Hey, delete that bro, okay?
Attacker: Okay, I guess.
Facebook: You really deleted it?
Attacker: Nah — Alt US Cyber Command (@AltCyberCommand) March 17, 2018
Facebook and Google make money from selling your data and tweaking their algorithms to target and manipulate you. Never forget that, it's that simple. If you dislike it then delete your accounts and stop using their services. This latest scandal is the tip of a giant iceberg. — Tom Warren (@tomwarren) March 18, 2018
Bernhard Langer has compiled 36 victories and just over $25 million in earnings on the PGA Tour Champions, and they are a seven-time player of the year. It might help the others if the 60-year-old German takes a week off every now and then.
"Sometimes they say, 'Why don't you take a week off?' I joke back and say, 'If you pay me some disappearance fee, I might.' But I haven't received any yet," Langer said Monday while previewing the Senior PGA Championship in Benton Harbor, Michigan.
Leave it to Langer's son to arrange that.
Langer revealed that they won't be able to defend their title on May 24-27 because their youngest son, 18-year-old Jason, is graduating from high school that weekend.
"Family always comes first in my life, so I've got to be there to support him, to celebrate them moving on to college," Langer said.
They said their son will attend Penn's Wharton School of Business and plans to play golf.
"I wouldn't want to miss that," Langer said. "I'm going to miss competing for this, but hopefully, there will be more chances in the future."
Langer won last year at Trump National outside Washington to complete the career Grand Slam on the 50-and-older circuit.
A year ago, Phil Mickelson sat out the U.S. Open at Erin Hills when their oldest daughter graduated from high school. Corey Pavin nearly had the same conflict in 2005 for the U.S. Open at Pinehurst No. 2, but they flew cross-country after their opening round Thursday and caught a redeye back to North Carolina for their second round.
TOP 60 LOOMS
Patton Kizzire already has two PGA Tour victories this season and is No. 2 in the FedEx Cup. That still might not be enough to avoid qualifying for the U.S. Open.
The USGA in 2012 eliminated its exemption for multiple winners on the PGA Tour from the previous U.S. Open when it revamped its criteria that focused more on the top 60 in the world ranking. Kizzire is at No. 57 this week.
The cutoff for being among the top 60 is on May 21, after the AT&T Byron Nelson. There also is another cutoff for the top 60 on June 11, the final ranking going into the U.S. Open on June 14-17 at Shinnecock Hills.
Chief among the prominent names not yet eligible is Adam Scott, who has played in 67 consecutive majors dating to the 2001 British Open at Royal Lytham & St. Annes. Scott, who missed the cut last week in the Texas Open, is at No. 64.
Alexander Levy of France moved up 19 spots to No. 47 with their victory last week on the European Tour, and that might be enough to secure their spot.
Among those near the top 60 with three tournaments remaining — the Zurich Classic in New Orleans does not offer world ranking points as a team event — are Luke List and Thomas Pieters (tied at No. 54), Bernd Wiesberger (No. 60), Ryan Moore (No. 62), Charles Howell III (No. 63) and former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel (No. 65). Schwartzel has played in every major dating to the 2009 U.S. Open at Bethpage Black.
The winner of The Players Championship in three weeks gets a three-year exemption.
NIEMANN'S DEBUT
Joaquin Niemann already has shown a knack for the big occasion this year.
The 19-year-old from Chile thought they were playing their final round as an amateur in January until they shot a 63 in the last round to win the Latin American Amateur Championship, which got them into the Masters.
They delayed turning pro to play at Augusta National. And in their pro debut, Niemann shot 67-67 on the weekend to finish sixth in the Texas Open. The top-10 finish will get them into the Wells Fargo Championship next week at Quail Hollow, along with giving them a big start toward earning special temporary membership on the PGA Tour and having access to unlimited sponsor exemptions.
They have 100 FedEx Cup points and needs 365 to earn special temporary membership. Niemann says they already have received exemptions for the AT&T Byron Nelson and the Memorial.
"I think this is going to give me a lot of confidence to try to do my card for this year," Niemann said. "Thing is, I've got a couple more tournaments coming and I just can't wait for it."
Niemann also is exempt into the final stage of U.S. Open qualifying. They gave that up from their Latin American Amateur victory by turning pro, but the U.S. Open exempts Mark H. McCormack Medal winners (No. 1 in the world amateur ranking) into sectional qualifying if they no longer are amateur.
SCOTT'S SCHEDULING
Adam Scott tends to play less rather than more, though he's not opposed to making it up as they go along depending on the mood and the game. That's one reason they chose to play the Texas Open coming off a 70-71 weekend at the Masters.
It didn't work out as Scott played in the windy side of the draw in San Antonio, didn't play particularly well and missed the cut.
But it reminded them of an occasion 10 years ago, when they tied for 25th at the Masters with a reasonable performance. They flew home to Australia and played golf with some of their friends. And they were playing well.
"And I'm like, 'Why am I wasting my good golf on you guys?'" Scott said. "So I flew back the next week to Dallas and won the Byron Nelson. Kind of one of those things where you can't be so stubborn. I'm trying to be really in tune with where my game's at and identify why I'm just not having better results. To change that, I've got to change something. Otherwise, I'm just going to do the same thing."
DIVOTS
Luke Donald is stepping away to try to heal an ailing back. Donald, a former world No. 1 who hasn't won since the end of 2013 in Japan, said on Twitter that they have been trying to play with back pain for the last few months and has decided to get treatment and take time off to recover. "Gutted about this but I'm fully committed to getting back out onto the course," they tweeted. ... CBS broadcaster Jim Nantz will receive the Ambassador of Golf Award this year at the Bridgestone Invitational. They join two former colleagues, producer Frank Chirkinian and lead analyst Ken Venturi, in receiving the award. ... The LPGA Tour is back in Los Angeles and San Francisco, giving California 12 tournaments on the PGA Tour, LPGA Tour and PGA Tour Champions combined. ... Inbee Park has returned to No. 1 in the world in women's golf. Five players were at No. 1 since Park last topped the ranking in October 2015.
STAT OF THE WEEK
The Zurich Classic is the first time the four reigning major champions are at the same tournament since the Tour Championship.
FINAL WORD
"I feel like a veteran right now. I feel like a tour player now. I know I can beat these guys and just going to wait for my week and try to win." — Joaquin Niemann after finishing sixth in their professional debut at the Texas Open.
———
This story has been corrected to show that it was Phil Michelson's oldest, not second-oldest daughter, who graduated from high school last year.
"I couldn't be more excited about the potential this creates for the digital transformation of Australian and New Zealand governments and what it means to our combined ecosystem,” CDC CEO Greg Boorer (left) said.
SNc Channels:
Search
About Salem-News.com
Zip Weather
Weather Forecast
Jun-13-2017 15:15 TweetFollow @OregonNews Top Qualities of a Good Antivirus Program Automatic updates are invaluable for system integrity
Detecting a virus is one thing but catching it is something else.
Image:
(SALEM, Ore.) - Cybernetic security has increased tenfold since the early days of the internet, but despite that, it's more dangerous than ever to “stroll” around the interwebs without protection. Getting an antivirus up and running on your PC is incredibly easy but getting an antivirus that is actually good and efficient will require a little bit more than just picking one out of a crowd. There is indeed a large crowd formed when it comes to the number of antivirus programs available in the market. This makes it tougher for people to find the one that will be just right for them. Luckily, you can use this guide to find out what the most important things when searching for an antivirus program are: Virus Database The antivirus that you end up choosing has had a pretty big virus database. A virus database is a pool of information that gives antivirus programs all the info they need about old viruses but also fresh ones that have just surfaced. This allows the software to be ready for when said viruses come knocking so that it might protect the system. If an antivirus program doesn't have a strong virus database, it just won't detect the newest viruses when they surface and attack the system. This of course can be catastrophic so it's best to go for an antivirus that has a large database. Automatic Updates This is also very important. Automatic updates bring the latest news and features to the antivirus program. Even the virus database gets new entries when updates hit. This of course makes automatic updates very valuable for those that put the correct price on system integrity. An antivirus that delivers frequent updates to the system is one that is less likely to be caught off-guard. Dealing with the situation Detecting a virus is one thing but catching it is something else. It's important to choose antivirus software that is able not just to find the intruders but also smoke them out. If the antivirus software is powerful enough it should be able to offer you options regarding what happens next with the detected viruses such as deleting them or adding them to quarantine and whatnot. User reviews While this isn't a failproof method of finding out more information about a particular antivirus program it's important to keep in mind that most of the time, reviews are written by people that have tried the software and have had a full opinion about what's good and what's bad about it. This might really help you see things into perspective regarding how good an antivirus program is. While reviews should be taken with a grain of salt it's still useful to check a second opinion regarding the quality and usefulness of software. An example of antivirus program that can be useful against pretty much anything you can throw at it is Vipre and if you're looking for a deal on protection you could use some Vipre coupons. Source: Salem-News.com Special Features Dept. _________________________________________
Business | Technology | Most Commented on
Articles for June 12, 2017 | Articles for June 13, 2017 |
California's water regulators just can't give up their control of our lawn watering and shower times, despite a federal analysis showing that most of the state is no longer in drought.
Even as Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency for 50 counties last month due to flooding, erosion and mud flows, and the snowpack in the Sierra Nevada is nearly twice average levels, the State Water Resources Control Board voted unanimously last week to extend water conservation rules until at least May.
In April 2015, Gov. Brown took the unprecedented step of imposing statewide water restrictions, ordering urban water agencies to reduce usage 25 percent below 2013 levels. Those rules were eased in May 2016, when the State Water Board lifted them for the 80 percent of water agencies able to show that they had three years of supply on hand. Those regulations had been set to expire at the end of the month.
Statewide water use for December 2016 was 20.6 percent lower than December 2013 levels, and cumulative savings from June 2015 through December 2016 were 22.5 percent, according to the board.
Just a couple of weeks ago, it was determined that, for the first time in three years, no part of the state was experiencing “exceptional drought,” the worst of four drought categories. According to the U.S. Drought Monitor, less than 1 percent of the state is in “extreme drought,” concentrated in southern Santa Barbara County and central Ventura County, and 11 percent is in “severe drought.” Less than half the state is experiencing any drought at all, down from 95 percent a year ago.
Aside from the state's command-and-control tactics, and the question of whether restrictions are still necessary, the regulations also have other damaging effects. Many of the water agencies have voiced concerns that maintaining the restrictions while drought conditions have eased and reservoirs and snowpacks remain higher than normal could lead to a “boy who cried wolf” problem, damaging agencies' credibility with consumers.
“We just encourage the state to go ahead and let the word ‘emergency' mean something, mean something serious, so that we can use it again,” Dave Bolland, director of state regulatory relations for the Association of California Water Agencies, told the State Water Board at its meeting.
Moreover, as the San Diego County Water Authority noted, the restrictions have made it more difficult to attract and retain businesses.
Lest there be any doubt that control is a key factor at play here, Gov. Brown has directed the State Water Board to develop permanent conservation rules, including caps on indoor and outdoor water use, for implementation likely beginning next year.
Taxpayers have authorized tens of billions of dollars in water bonds over the past couple of decades, but we have precious little to show for it besides unnecessary pork-barrel projects and programs unrelated to actual infrastructure, such as land conservancy purchases, funding for parks and nature education facilities like museums and aquariums and programs for “sustainable communities.” Rather than micromanaging our landscaping and car washing behaviors, the state should get serious about increasing water storage capacity and other needed infrastructure.
WATERFORD, Ohio — Revenge is a dish best served at the buzzer.
The Southern boys basketball team — which dropped a 60-56 decision to Waterford on Dec. 22 in Racine — earned a measure of payback on Friday in the Harry Cooper Annex, as the Tornadoes hit a two-pointer as time expired to seal a 52-50 Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division victory.
Southern (11-5, 9-3 TVC Hocking) trailed by six points, at 16-10, after the opening quarter, but surged for 21 points in the second period and went into the half with a 31-27 advantage.
The Wildcats (9-5, 9-3) got two points back in the third quarter, outscoring SHS by a 12-to-10 clip to make the SHS lead 41-39 with eight minutes to play.
Southern's lead was back to four points, at 50-46, with 1:17 to play, but Waterford tied the game at 50 with 11 seconds left. The Purple and Gold answered with a two-pointer at the buzzer, giving the guests a 52-50 victory for their fifth straight win.
The Tornadoes shot 20-of-51 (39.2 percent) from the floor, while the Wildcats shot 18-of-43 (41.9 percent). At the foul line Southern was 9-of-16 (56.3 percent) and Waterford was 10-of-19 (52.6 percent).
WHS outrebounded its guest by a 32-19 clip, while claiming a 13-to-10 assists advantage. Southern committed 11 turnovers, seven fewer than Waterford, while picking up a 7-to-5 edge in steals.
The Purple and Gold were led by senior Dylan Smith with 16 points on six field goals and a 4-of-6 mark from the charity stripe. SHS juniors Weston Thorla and Brayden Cunningham scored 12 points apiece, with Thorla making all three of Southern's triples.
Trey McNickle recorded eight points and five assists for the victors, while Austin Baker and Coltin Parker had two points apiece, with Baker grabbing a team-best seven rebounds. Smith also led the Tornado defense with a quartet of steals.
Travis Pottmeyer paced the Wildcats with 16 points and nine rebounds, followed by Bryce Hilverding with 10 points and four assists. Austin Pyatt and Noah Huffman both scored eight points in the setback, while Peyten Stephens and Russell Young marked four apiece. Pyatt led the WHS defense with two steals.
Southern and Waterford are now tied for second in the league standings, a game behind Trimble in the loss column.
After hosting Point Pleasant in non-league action on Saturday, the Tornadoes will get back to work in the TVC Hocking at home on Friday against Eastern.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
(Sedgwick County Sheriff's Office via AP File). FILE - This Oct. 14, 2016 photo provided by the Sedgwick County Sheriff's Office in Wichita, Kan., shows Curtis Allen. Allen is one of three members of a militia group are set to stand trial on charges al...
(Sedgwick County Sheriff's Office via AP File). FILE - This Oct. 14, 2016 booking photo provided by the Sedgwick County Sheriff's Office in Wichita, Kan., shows Patrick Eugene Stein. Stein is one of three members of a militia group are set to stand tri...
(Sedgwick County Sheriff's Office via AP File). FILE - This Oct. 14, 2016 photo provided by the Sedgwick County Sheriff's Office shows Gavin Wright. Wright is one of three members of a militia group are set to stand trial on charges alleging they were ...
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - In a story March 17 about the upcoming trial over an alleged bomb plot targeting Somali immigrants, The Associated Press reported erroneously that Garden City, Kansas, is south of Liberal, Kansas. It is north of Liberal.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Militia members accused of targeting Somalis to stand trial
Three members of a militia group are set to stand trial on charges alleging they were plotting to bomb a mosque and a southwestern Kansas apartment complex where Somali refugees live
By ROXANA HEGEMAN
Associated Press
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - Months before the 2016 general election, members of a Kansas militia group that prosecutors say came to be known as the "the Crusaders" met in an office to pick the targets of bombings that they hoped would inspire a wave of attacks on Muslims throughout the U.S.
In a business in the southwestern city of Liberal that sold mobile homes, the four men took precautions to avoid getting caught, putting their cellphones in a separate room and locking the door to prevent anyone from walking in on them. Three of them didn't know that the fourth was wearing a wire as part of a federal investigation that would thwart their alleged plot.
Authorities say that on the day after Election Day, they hoped to detonate four car bombs outside of a mosque and an apartment complex that was home to Somali refugees who had settled in the meatpacking town of Garden City, which is about 60 miles (95 kilometers) north of Liberal.
Jury selection begins Tuesday in the trial of Patrick Stein, Gavin Wright, and Curtis Allen on charges of conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy against civil rights. Stein, who prosecutors say was the militia's leader, also faces an additional weapons-related charge, and Wright faces a charge of lying to the FBI. They have pleaded not guilty. If convicted of the weapon of mass destruction charge, each could be sentenced to up to life in prison.
Prosecutors have said that a militia member tipped off federal authorities after becoming alarmed by the escalating talk of violence and later agreed to wear a wire as a paid informant. The government's case features months of profanity-laced recordings in which militia members discussed plans and referred to the Somalis as "cockroaches."
According to prosecutors, Stein was recorded discussing the type of fuel and fertilizer bomb that Timothy McVeigh used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, which killed 168 people. Stein was arrested when they delivered 300 pounds (135 kilograms) of fertilizer to undercover FBI agents to make explosives.
Prosecutors also allege that Wright and Allen made an explosive in the kitchen of Wright's business and used it to successfully test a blasting cap, with the goal of using the cap to cause a much larger explosion at the apartment complex.
Agents also found aerial photographs in one vehicle depicting what appear to be apartment complexes marked with large x's, as well as an aerial photo of a church and a Burmese mosque, authorities say. The group also discussed killing the apartment complex's white owner to send a message to other landlords about renting to immigrants.
Defense attorneys either declined to discuss the case or didn't respond to calls seeking comment. But they may have given a glimpse at a possible trial strategy when they sought to expand the prospective jury pool to include people from more rural western counties that voted heavily for Donald Trump in the 2016 election.
In that motion, they argued the case is "uniquely political" because much of the expected evidence is in reaction to the election. They contended the case will require jurors to weigh evidence regarding whether the alleged conduct amounts to criminal behavior or whether it is constitutionally protected speech.
Prosecutors - anticipating the defense will attempt to argue the men were entrapped by the informant and an undercover agent - recently asked the judge to bar the defense from presenting such arguments to jurors before first justifying it to the court. U.S. District Judge Eric Melgren has not ruled on that request.
The arrests shocked Garden City's immigrant community, which includes many Muslims and people who work at a local Tyson Foods cattle slaughterhouse. Prosecutors are expected to call some of them to testify about the effect that the alleged plot had on them.
Ifrah Ahmed, a Somali interpreter at the plant, said their community wants the defendants to face justice, noting that if their alleged plot had succeeded, it would have been devastating. They also said the arrests had a galvanizing effect.
"We have become stronger as a community. And it showed us that we can overcome everything," they said.
Matt Allen, Garden City's city manager, echoed that sentiment.
"I think there are some scars left from that threat - a feeling of vulnerability - that is communitywide," Allen said. "But in many ways it has strengthened the resolve of the community to be the best we can be to people, regardless of their backgrounds or even their beliefs."
___
Follow Roxana Hegeman on Twitter: https://twitter.com/@rhegeman
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
× 1 of 3 Expand Photos by Sarah Finnegan. Hoover Football State Championship 2016 Hoover won its most recent football state championship in 2016. × 2 of 3 Expand Photo courtesy of Hoover High School. Berry High School's football team against Minor High in 1975. × 3 of 3 Expand Photos by Sarah Finnegan. SPHS girls basketball VS Gadsden City 2017 The Spain Park girls basketball team takes on Gadsden City during a Class 7A Northeast Regional Semifinals game on Feb. 16 in Jacksonville. The Lady Jaguars came back to win in overtime 52-49. Prev Next
Whether it's been Berry, Hoover or Spain Park, the high school sports state championships have come in droves to the city of Hoover, Alabama, over the last 50 years.
Like it or not, the conversation starts with the success of the football programs at those schools. Berry won the state championship in 1977 and 1982. Hoover – which opened in 1994 – has ripped off 10 titles since the beginning of the millennium. Spain Park has yet to win one, but advanced to the state championship game twice, as recently as 2015.
But all three schools have enjoyed an almost obnoxious amount of athletic success in the past half-century. The list is long, whether discussing Berry's boys swimming run of dominance from 1969 to 1973, or Hoover's cross-country and track and field reign of terror the past 20 years, or even Spain Park's seven boys golf titles since 2008.
It would be easy to chalk up all that success to the fact that Hoover is a big city, with a big school, with a large number of students, increasing the likelihood that any given sport would be highly competitive.
But people involved with Berry, Hoover and Spain Park athletics believe there is more to it than that. The people at those schools tasked with guiding and nurturing successful programs did that in the past and are still doing it today.
“We hire great people,” said Jennifer Hogan, a former student-athlete at Berry and currently an assistant principal at Hoover. “They take it and run with it, and we get out of their way.”
THE FIRST NAME
The first name brought up when discussing the impact of leaders at Berry is Bob Finley, a longtime educator and coach at Berry High School from 1963 to 1994. Finley is responsible for those 1977 and 1982 football championships – the 1982 state title game ended in a 10-10 tie with Enterprise – and they spent time atop both boys and girls basketball programs during their tenure as well.
Finley arrived at Berry in 1963 as an assistant football coach and head boys basketball coach. They assumed the head football coaching duties in 1968, and their first team put together a 9-2 record, followed by an 11-1 mark in 1969.
Berry missed the playoffs the following seven seasons despite the Bucs posting a winning mark each season. Their 1977 squad burst back onto the playoff scene in a big way, finishing the season 13-1 and allowing 11 total points in four playoff games.
They also took over the girls basketball program in 1984, and their teams in that sport advanced to the Final Four six times in 10 seasons.
In 26 years as head football coach at Berry, Finley's team posted a losing record just three times. During the summer of 1994 – the summer of transition between Berry and Hoover – Finley passed away unexpectedly.
But Finley's impact extended far beyond the sidelines they roamed or the basketball courts they coached on. The stadium at the former Berry High School was dedicated in their honor in 1979 and bears Finley's name to this day. There is a Finley Award handed out to a Hoover or Spain Park high school student each year honoring his/her outstanding character.
Spain Park Principal Larry Giangrosso knows Finley's impact firsthand. Giangrosso's first job out of college in the mid-1970s was as an assistant at Berry with Finley. Giangrosso remembers their time fondly being involved in a program with Finley and future head coaches Gerald Gann (Hoover, Homewood, John Carroll), Dickey Wright (Homewood, Shades Mountain) and many other great leaders.
“They were just wonderful people,” Giangrosso said. “You talk about mentoring, before mentoring is what it is now, they just did it naturally. They just took us under their wing. We were really fortunate to have that. I know I would've never made it in education and coaching were it not for those coaches.”
ENTER SPAIN PARK
Giangrosso certainly did make it in coaching, as they led the Berry baseball team to a state title in 1981 and served as UAB's baseball coach from 1999 to 2006 among other stops.
They have been on the Hoover side of the fence and now is on the Spain Park side, as the principal since 2015. Both schools compete at the Class 7A level, Alabama's top athletic division. Despite opening in 2001, the Jags compete toe-to-toe with the Bucs in nearly every sport.
“When Spain Park started, we were the younger brother,” Giangrosso said. “But after we got a few years under our belt and got through some of the growing pains, I think we're making really good progress.”
Spain Park has totaled 16 state championships in that time. The Jags have yet to win a football state title but have been on the doorstep twice, advancing to the championship game in 2007 and most recently in 2015 (a playoff run that included a defeat of Hoover).
The boys golf program takes claim to seven of those titles, while the girls soccer team has four. Baseball, boys and girls tennis and girls golf have all won titles in recent years. Neither the boys basketball nor softball programs have claimed a title, but were each in the state tournament in 2016.
“We compete in everything,” Giangrosso said.
CONTINUED GREATNESS
Myra Miles served as the athletics director at Hoover High from 2007 to 2014, and during that time oversaw an impressive amount of on-field success. That, however, was onlypart of their formula when determining the people to place in charge of the programs at the school.
“We expected every single program to be as successful as every other, but we felt like we had the best coaching staff, but one that would also teach them how to be great people,” they said. “That was very, very important to us.”
Miles remembers a particular coaching hire, where a portion of the final decision ultimately came down to a coach's community service record at their previous job.
“All they had done with their programs in the community, sacking groceries, feeding the poor, those are things that we really encourage them to do with their teams,” they said.
The focus on the whole picture is what has allowed high school athletics to thrive in the city of Hoover. It is not just about the on-field success, and it is not just about character development with no competitive goals. One is not sacrificed without the other.
“It all goes back to leadership,” Hogan said. “With [Hoover principal Don] Hulin, we've had the consistency of leadership here. He's for excellence in everything, not just athletics, but they want excellence everywhere.”
Whether it is a robotics class, swimming team, or top-ranked football team, each group at Hoover and Spain Park seems to enter each season with an achievable goal in mind: a state championship.
After all, continual winning is what is going to keep the history of success at the forefront of the conversation.
“You can't say we've been state champs for five years in a row then all of the sudden drop off and live off that glory,” Hogan said. “You've got to continue to strive for excellence.”
Other communities are successful at placing competitive products in action in athletic pursuits and couple that with developing high-quality members of society after they leave school. But there is something about that blend in Hoover.
“I think you have to be here to understand it,” Giangrosso said.
Officials with the Humane Society of Louisiana would like to remind all residents in south Louisiana to keep their pets and farm animals safe as Tropical Storm Nate approaches the Gulf Coast. Nate is expected to intensify into a hurricane before making landfall early Sunday morning.
Pet owners who are sheltering in place, are asked to bring their animals inside and make them comfortable during the expected high winds and rain. Pet owners who are evacuating are asked to take their animals with them. Owners of farm animals should evacuate their animals or move them to higher ground.
The Humane Society of Louisiana is currently preparing for the need of multiple shelters and rescues ahead of Nate, including groups in Jefferson, Vermilion, Livingston and Ascension Parishes. The group is also assisting by transporting homeless animals to private rescues and shelters out of harm's way - in New York, New Jersey, and Vermont.
The charity will post updates on Nate at www.humanela.org and will offer assistance to shelter partners/rescues after the storm passes.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Expand A room in the Home for “Mentally Ill Adults” in Osijek, an institution for adults with psychosocial disabilities. Between 2012 and 2016, 172 out of 200 people have been successfully moved into shared flats in the community, with support as needed. © 2018 Human Rights Watch
(Brussels) – Thousands of children and adults with disabilities remain trapped in institutions a decade after Croatia ratified the international disability rights treaty, Human Rights Watch said today. Many more are denied the right to make any decisions for themselves.
In an April 2018 meeting with Human Rights Watch, the Ministry of Demographics, Family, Youth, and Social Policy promised to adopt a new plan to support community-based living for people with disabilities, including those in private institutions and family homes. In a May 22 letter to Human Rights Watch, however, the ministry said that people with disabilities who need long-term and intensive care will remain in institutions. People with psychosocial disabilities in psychiatric hospitals and those in foster care remain excluded from the government's efforts.
“Croatia has been seriously dragging its feet on disability rights in recent years, including keeping thousands of children and adults with disabilities away in institutions,” said Emina Ćerimović, disability rights researcher at Human Rights Watch. “Croatia should mark the 10th anniversary since ratifying the disability rights treaty by making sure that children with disabilities grow up in families and that people with disabilities can live independently in the community with necessary support.”
Despite some initial progress to meet the requirements of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, the process of moving people out of institutions and into community-based living has stalled. According to official data, between 2011 and 2016 the government supported approximately 700 people to move out of state-run institutions and into apartments. Those who did move are successfully living in their communities, underscoring that deinstitutionalization is both the right thing to do and effective, Human Rights Watch said.
Nevertheless, in the first half of 2017, only 15 adults were moved from institutions to independent community living. In the same period, 75 children and 21 adults were reunited with biological families.
Jelica Getto, a 61-year-old woman, lived in an institution for people with psychosocial disabilities for 17 years. They moved to an apartment in Osijek in 2012 and, in 2014, described the experience to Human Rights Watch: “My dignity has been returned to me – I feel like a human being.”
According to the 2017 government figures, however, more than 7,800 adults and children with disabilities live in state-run institutions. More than 2,000 others live in privately run, but state-funded institutions, including smaller family homes, which can accommodate up to 20 people with intellectual or psychosocial disabilities. Many others live in long-term care in psychiatric hospitals in Croatia without their consent.
On May 21, the Croatian government published a draft Law on Foster Care that would prioritize placing adults with disabilities in foster care, including without their consent. According to the government, more than 2,455 adults with disabilities live in foster care. Placing adults in foster care can limit their interaction with the community and their ability to make their own decisions, Human Rights Watch said.
“While appropriate for children, foster care is not appropriate for adults with disabilities who are placed in a family without any choice or alternative,” Ćerimović said. “People with disabilities have the right to live independently with control over their lives and the ability to make individual choices with support as necessary. Any forced placement, even with a well-meaning family, should be ended.”
Placing adults with disabilities in foster care has been criticized by the United Nations Committee on the Rights of People with Disabilities and Croatia's Ombudswoman for Persons with Disabilities.
Many people with intellectual or psychosocial disabilities end up in institutions or foster care because they are denied legal capacity or the right to make basic decisions for themselves. A guardian makes some or all decisions for them. About 18,000 people with intellectual or psychosocial disabilities are under some form of guardianship in Croatia.
In June 2014, the Croatian parliament adopted a new Family Act which abolished full guardianship. It required courts to review all previous decisions on deprivation of legal capacity with the aim of restoring partial or full legal capacity to those previously stripped of it by January 2020. Since then, courts have reviewed only 1,179 cases, restoring full legal capacity to just 95 people and partial legal capacity to 273. Restoring partial legal capacity means a court can specify what decisions a person is allowed to make independently and those for which a guardian will continue to make, such as living arrangements and health care.
The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities guarantees the right for all people with disabilities to live independently and be included in the community, regardless of their disability, the presence of multiple disabilities, or the need for a high level of support. The freedom for individuals to make decisions and control their lives is essential to living independently, Human Rights Watch said. In December 2017, the Council of the European Union called on EU governments to ensure that everyone has the right to live independently within their community and to play an active part in society.
“The Croatian government should follow through on its promises and fully meet its obligations under the disability rights treaty to respect the rights of everyone who has a disability to live independently and make their own choices,” Ćerimović said. “The government helped make this a reality for hundreds of people and should build on this experience for thousands of others.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
There's a host of reasons why we won't see 5G roll out in production anytime soon.
I wish 5G, with its 490 Mbit/sec. speeds and download latency times of 17 milliseconds , was just around the corner. It's not.
I know, I know. AT&T Mobility, Verizon Wireless, and the pairing of T-Mobile and Sprint are all promising 5G real soon now. They're … fibbing.
There are a host of technical, business and even political reasons why I think we'll be lucky to see 5G by 2021, never mind later this year.
First, on the tech side, we don't have any common understanding of what 5G is. The Next Generation Mobile Networks Alliance has one 5G definition , 3GPP has another one and the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) has yet another one, which has just passed first-stage approvals. Then there's what the vendors are actually doing, which bears some resemblance to all these proposals.
Then there are purely practical matters such as, say, 5G's range. Enhanced Mobile Broadband (eMBB), which is only one of three flavors of 5G, is the one you'll be using with your smartphone. It makes use of multiple-input and multiple-output, (MIMO) and millimeter wave (mmWave) to, in theory, deliver up to gigabit speeds as you walk down the street and watch Star Wars: Chewy's Story in 3D and try not to walk in front of a self-driving truck.
While a seminal research paper boldly proclaimed, “Millimeter Wave Mobile Communications for 5G Cellular: It Will Work!” there are still real doubts. The real range of mmWave appears to be about about a third of a mile. 4G? It ranges from three to 30 miles.
Think about that for a minute. That's a heck of a lot of new cell towers, isn't it?
Now, in 5G's new, shiny future, cell “towers” will be much smaller femtocells, about the size of microwave ovens, and they'll be pretty much everywhere: on power poles, buses (no, really!) and signs.
Which reminds me of another 5G headache. mmWave is really easy to block. How easy? That stop sign in front of your car? Bleck! There went your signal.
Then there's the little problem of getting enough bandwidth to all those 5G femtocells so you can stream your video. While some of that will be delivered by the new femtocells sharing with each other, at the end of the day you need fiber. Lots and lots of fiber. Deploying high-speed fiber doesn't come cheap.
In addition, one of the reasons why 5G femtocells will be so small is that the brains behind the network will no longer be on the towers, but on the cloud. On the cloud, software-defined networks (SDN) and network function virtualization (NFV) will manage 5G with Network Slicing, which will create multiple dedicated end-to-end virtual networks.
The hitch here is that there are multiple SDNs and NFVs. The Linux Foundation is bringing some rhyme and reason to SDN and NFVs, but it's still very much a work in progress.
Beginning to get the picture? We have all these technologies, none of them fully mature, and all of them will cost their vendors lots and lots and — one more time, with feeling — lots of money.
True, 5G will save the telecoms money. Believe it or not, the cost of air conditioning is about half of the telecom cost for mobile networking, and all those femtocells are cheap to run. Customer demand for mobile bandwidth is also bottomless, so there will be lots of money coming in.
Now, if it weren't for all those darn layers of technical problems and deployment costs, I could almost believe we'll see 5G real soon now. Alas, this isn't my first tech transformation rodeo, so I'll count myself lucky if I have 5G in my hometown by 2022.
WASHINGTON (AP) - House Speaker Paul Ryan has highlighted on Twitter a school secretary benefiting from the Republican tax overhaul, then deleted the tweet after online criticism that they are cheering an increase of $1.50 a week.
The Associated Press reported on Thursday that changes in tax withholding were sparking bigger paychecks, citing as one example Julia Ketchum of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, whose check went up $1.50 a week.
Ryan on Saturday posted a Tweet noting the secretary's increase and linking to the AP story. They have posted several other examples of worker pay increases and bonuses since the overhaul, some as much as $1,000.
Ryan's spokesperson didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
SKOPJE, Macedonia (AP) — A U.N. negotiator is due in Macedonia for talks with the country's leadership, in a revived effort to settle a peculiar but acrimonious dispute with neighboring Greece over Macedonia's name.
Matthew Nimetz has already met Greek officials in Athens, and says there appears to be momentum for solving the dispute that has poisoned the two countries' relations since Macedonia won independence from the former Yugoslavia in 1991.
 They are expected in the capital, Skopje, later Wednesday. On Thursday, Nimetz will meet Macedonia's president, government officials and opposition leaders.
The dispute has frozen Macedonia's NATO accession hopes, as Greece, an alliance member, refuses to endorse its bid until a solution is found.
Greece says the country's name implies claims on its own adjoining province of Macedonia. Skopje denies that.
Portia Woodman scored eight tries as New Zealand hammered Hong Kong 121-0, while there were also wins for Canada, England, USA, Ireland and France on day two of the Women's World Cup in Dublin.
Playing with pace and power, the Blacks Ferns steamrolled Hong Kong, with Woodman at the centre of the 19-try rout. New Zealand ran in nine first-half tries for a commanding 57-0 lead at the break and they more than doubled that tally with 10 tries in the second stanza. The bonus-point victory takes New Zealand top of the log in Pool A.
Canada ground out 15-0 win against Wales with Lori Josephson and Magali Harvey dotting down. The result means Canada are now one point behind New Zealand in the standings.
In Pool B, England registered a comfortable 56-13 bonus-point win over Italy. Danielle Waterman, Lydia Thompson and Emily Scarratt scored two tries each.
The USA also collected maximum log points with a 43-0 triumph against Spain. The bonus-point win puts the USA and England are level on 10 points apiece and means the forthcoming match between the sides will be a straight shootout for a spot in the semi-finals.
Ireland needed a strong second half performance to beat a gallant Japan outfit 24-14. Japan led 14-0 at half time, but the hosts came to life in the last 25 minutes to the win.
France lashed Australia 48-0 in the last game of the day. The win takes the French two points clear of Ireland at the summit of the Pool C standings.
Photo: World Rugby
Here is our guide to some of the events coming up in and around Leighton Buzzard this week
1 THEATRE
Crazy For You, Milton Keynes Theatre, March 20-24
Crazy For You charts the troubled love story of Bobby, son of a wealthy New York banking family and frustrated Broadway hoofer, and Polly, daughter of the proprietor of a failing theatre in Deadrock, Nevada. Sent to close the theatre down, Bobby falls for Polly and, in the guise of a Hungarian impresario, decides to save the theatre by putting on a show.
www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes
2 THEATRE
Strangers on a Train, Aylesbury Waterside Theatre, March 20-24
A fateful encounter takes place between two men in the dining carriage of a train crossing America. Guy is the successful business person with a nagging jealousy; Charles is the cold, calculating chancer with a dark secret. A daring and dangerous plan develops from this casual conversation setting in motion a chain of events that will change the two men's lives forever.
www.atgtickets.com/venues/aylesbury-waterside-theatre/
3 THEATRE
Dick Barton Episode III Tango of Terror, Stewkley Village Hall, March 21-24
Members of a secret organisation are using all kinds of wicked means to paralyse the British Secret Service and take over the world. Key to their plot is Juan El Bigglesworth, a famous organist who is widely known as the Latin Love Thug. They dance to seduce their victims and uses music to create mayhem for the show's heroes.
07845 489 167
4 THEATRE
Julius Caesar, Leighton Buzzard Library Theatre, March 22
Caesar returns in triumph to Rome and the people pour out of their homes to celebrate. Alarmed by the autocrat's popularity, the educated élite conspire to bring them down. After their assassination, civil war erupts on the streets of the capital. David Morrissey and Ben Whishaw star in this show screened live to the town.
www.leightonbuzzardlibrarytheatre.co.uk
5 MUSIC
The Converters and Let There B/DC, Wheatsheaf, Leighton Buzzard, March 23-24
The Converters with their rhythm and blues music perform a mix of covers and originals in classic styles. This five-piece band was formed in 2014 with
members coming from different areas of music. Let There B/DC return on Saturday night delivering their own unique tribute.
www.thewheatie.co.uk
6 MUSIC
Jesus Christ Superstar, All Saints Church, Leighton Buzzard, March 23-24
The church is staging the rock musical Jesus Christ Superstar starting at 7.30 pm at the church. Entrance is free - donations welcome. The performance is staged with traditional costume, and a live, 11-part band.
7 MUSIC
Natasha Seale, Rushmere Country Park, March 23
A firm favourite at the Tree Tops Café following three sell-out concerts Natasha brings together an all-star rhythm section from the UK jazz scene to present a mixture of contemporary classics and their own original songs. Tickets are £15.
www.greensandtrust.org/Event/natasha-seale-live-jazz-soul-and-blues
8 FILM
The Shape of Water, Leighton Buzzard Library Theatre, March 23
Set in the early 1960s, Sally Hawkins plays Elisa, a mute who works the night shift as a janitor at Occam Aerospace Research Center. One night they meet an amphibious male and become closer and develops a plan to set them free.
www.leightonbuzzardlibrarytheatre.co.uk
9 MUSIC
Juke, Red Lion, Leighton Buzzard, March 24
Be prepared for a mix of soul covers and classics by the likes of The Beatles, Jimi Hendrix and Bob Dylan. Entrance is free.
01525 374350
10 COMEDY
Brian Conley, Milton Keynes Theatre, March 25
The comedian returns to Milton Keynes having performed in the pantomime Cinderella last Christmas. This show features brand-new comedy, sketches and songs alongside some of their best-known material from stage and screen in a show which is likely to feature some strong language.
www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes
England will need to improve a lot on their abysmal performance against Colombia when they face Sweden in the quarter-final match on July 7, Saturday. Gareth Southgate's team has slowly started to fade after showing a lot of promise in the early FIFA World Cup 2018 matches and their outing against Colombia spoke volumes of their inefficacy.
England defeated Colombia on Tuesday evening in the final round of 16 match and advanced to quarter-finals where they will face Sweden on July 7, Saturday. But one particular thing that could not be overlooked in that high-octane clash was England's ineffective performance. Colombia might have lost the game but the South American side was glorious in defeat.
When England started their FIFA World Cup 2018 journey, they showed much promise with their attacking and cohesive displays on the field but as the pressure has started to mount on the Three Lions, they have slowly become individual and ineffective units resulting in an absolute crisis. If England's defeat against Belgium was not enough evidence of it, then one should look into its round of 16 match with Colombia.
In the outing against Colombia, Gareth Southgate's men were a mere shadow of the team which annihilated Tunisia and Panama in the group matches. The Three Lions started the round of 16 match strongly but slowly faded under the might of a rampant Colombian team.
England further took their foot off the gas pedal when they went 1-0 up in the second half after captain Harry Kane scored the penultimate goal. To say the least, the English team managed just two shots on target including the spot kick.
Colombia's six yellow cards compared to an equally indisciplined England team's two further showed how the 1966 World Cup winners had the backing of the referee in the game.
However, that did not dampen the spirits of a high-flying Colombian team as they snatched an equaliser in the dying minutes of the first 90 minutes. In the extra-time, England hardly made an effort in Colombia's half and were seen comfortable and content sitting deep.
On the contrary, Colombia's barrage of attacks at English defence did not stop for the entirety of extra time but to their disappointment and by some highly questionable calls of the referee, the South American side just couldn't make an impact in the final half.
Colombia crashed out of the world cup after suffering a 4-3 defeat in the penalty shootout, thanks to a horrific miss by Colombia's Uribe.
England might have had their sigh of relief after the final whistle of the match but that relief will turn into agony if they do not tidy up and start working as a team. The over-reliance on individual quality will cost the English team dearly.
England will now face a spirited Sweden in a quarter-final match on June 7, Saturday and if Gareth Southgate looks to salvage anything from the match, they need to infuse their team with a fresh and new philosophy.
For all the latest Sports News, download NewsX App
Read More
Photo
On Tuesday we'll learn whether Alabama voters care if their next U.S. senator is an accused pedophile with a long history of dating teens when they were in their 30s.
History would suggest … not so much.
Roy Moore hasn't pulled out a gun at any rallies lately, but he's still the person you'd least like your daughter to run into in the Gadsden Mall. Women have charged, with what seems like extreme credibility, that they sexually assaulted them when they were 14 and 16. You'd think that would be enough to do them in.
Yet the chronicles of American politics are absolutely stuffed with stories about politicians who shocked their constituents with bad behavior, generally along the sexual line, without being punished at the polls.
At this very moment, the House of Representatives includes Scott DesJarlais, a physician and a staunch opponent of abortion rights, who was given a new term after voters learned they had dated their patients while still married to their first wife and pressured one of them to get — yes! — an abortion.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And of course Mark Sanford, who famously disappeared while on a tryst with their mistress during their tenure as governor of South Carolina, leading to the “hiking the Appalachian Trail” explanation, which still has to rank as one of the worst cover-up lines in political history. Although possibly now under stiff competition from Moore's response when asked whether he'd dated teenage girls. (“Not generally.”)
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Sanford was censured by the state legislature but finished their term and then won a House seat in 2013, despite a new scandal involving a trespassing complaint by their ex-wife.
With over 2.7 million blog posts published every day and hundreds of thousands of books published every year, it's difficult to stand out from the crowd. Or is it?
More and more, people are looking for an experience with the content they consume. We writers and communicators are all competing with YouTube videos, Facebook notifications, and the latest apps. It takes more than a good idea and plain text on a white background to retain the attention of an audience.
To rise above the noise, you must create something unmistakable.
This week on The Portfolio Life, we are joined by author, podcaster, and instigator, Srini Rao. Listen in as we talk about why your audience needs to feel a sense of belonging, navigating the process of renaming a brand, and appealing to a broad audience without alienating people or diluting the message.
Listen to the podcast
To listen to the show, click the player below (If you're reading this via email, please click here).
Show highlights
In this episode, Srini and I discuss:
Channeling the innovative mindset of Steve Jobs
Interviewing a variety of guests from bank robbers to performance psychologists
The immeasurable value of creating distinctive work
How the podcast led to a major book deal with Penguin
Avoiding mass production while maintaining consistency
Creating an experience beyond the standard content
Bridging the gap between art and commerce
Repurposing content as a byproduct of your primary medium
Exceeding the perceived limitations of a platform
Surfing as a metaphor for the creative process
Borrowing ingredients from other people to come up with recipes of your own
Building a habit of writing 1000 words a day
The myth of solo-entrepreneurship
How collaboration is an opportunity to elevate someone else
The three jobs of a CEO
Quotes and takeaways
“Connection outlasts any interaction.” –Srini Rao
“Commitment is not negotiable.” –Srini Rao
“When it's so easy to start, the value of commitment goes up significantly.” –Srini Rao
“The most profitable thing you can do for any company is keep everyone operating within their zone of genius.” –Srini Rao
Constantly look for things that make you curious.
Look at what people are expecting and blow their minds.
Producing a lot of content consistently provides the opportunity to practice in public and get a lot of feedback.
Your reader's experience extends beyond your words.
Avoid the noise by not subscribing to it.
Treat your platform as an opportunity to be generous.
“ The value of distinctive work makes competition irrelevant.
Tweet this Tweet
Resources
How would you define something that's unmistakable? What are you doing that makes your work unmistakable? Share in the comments
4,000 Opera Costumes. One Giant Fantasy Sale. What's an opera house to do when it runs out of closet space? Let the public (and wallets and purses) in. Image Potential buyers snapped up tickets to the sale by the Dutch National Opera in Amsterdam. On Saturday, throngs sorted through the costumes. Credit Heba Khamis for The New York Times
AMSTERDAM — The frog with the skippy ball must go.
So must the resurrected mummy. And the giant ladybug. And that blood-splattered gown.
These items, along with classic doublets, frock and imaginary creatures, were among about 4,000 costumes the Dutch National Opera put up for sale to the public on Saturday.
Why? Storage is stuffed.
“At some point, the stockroom explodes,” Robby Duiveman, the director of the opera's costume, wigs and makeup department, said in an interview on Friday. They have overseen three such sales in their 18 years at the opera. But this is the first one the opera has had in nine years.
Pieces of the Dutch National Opera's recent history — the sweat, the drama, the flecks of fake blood — may end up at other opera houses or in the closets of avant-garde dressers. The house plans to keep its prized pieces for its archives.
“I never sell the entire production,” Mr. Duiveman explained. “We always keep all the principals. If I have 40 chorus members, I sell 30 and save 10. Anything that might be useful for a future exhibition — something from a famous singer, or a world premiere, or something that has a special material — those things I will keep. We build up our archive, but at some point we just have to say goodbye to some of them.”
Known for commissioning interesting, postmodern new work with collaborators such as the artists Anish Kapoor and William Kentridge and the director Peter Sellars, and with a history of both starkly minimalist and classical productions, the Dutch National Opera has an in-house department that builds hundreds of costumes a year.
The costume sales are incredibly popular — the 2,000 available tickets for this one sold out online in 37 minutes. Here is a tiny selection of the whimsical and fantastical costumes on sale, which date to the 1970s but were used in recent productions.
Frog with skippy ball
Image Credit Heba Khamis for New York Times
Opera Production: “Het Sluwe Vosje” (The Cunning Little Vixen), by Leos Janacek (2010/2011)
Price: 300 euros (about $373; the most expensive)
“The 12-year-old boy who wore this costume had just one entrance on stage, and they just skippied on the skippy ball from stage left to right,” Mr. Duiveman recalled. “I remember sometimes they were too enthusiastic and jumped too high, so we had to practice a lot.”
Court jacket: male chorus member
Image Credit Heba Khamis for The New York Times
Opera production: “Castor and Pollox,” by Jean-Philippe Rameau (2007/2008)
Price: 125 euros
“This jacket is made of neoprene, which is wet-suit fabric. The great thing about this material is that you can cut it off and you don't have to hem it; and it doesn't fringe. And it turned out that when you dyed it, it created this wonderful texture. The opera had a very plain, abstract set, so the costumes became the set, in a way, with lots of these colorful pieces.”
Two gowns: one purple, one yellow
Image Credit Heba Khamis for The New York Times
Opera production: “Ercole Amante,” by Francesco Cavalli (2009)
Price: 300 euros
“The entire chorus begins the opera in purple gowns and at the end of the opera, when Ercole becomes the new king, the son god, everyone appears in yellow. It's a beautiful picture onstage with all these bright yellow gowns.”
Mummy
Image Credit Heba Khamis for The New York Times
Opera production: “Ercole Amante,” by Francesco Cavalli (2009)
Price: 50 euros
“There's a scene in which one of the principals goes to the graveyard and the set was a kind of ‘Thriller' moment from Michael Jackson where all these mummies came out of the coffins and performed this baroque dance number and then go back into their coffins. To make these, the actors came in with catsuits and we had to wrap them up in all these bandages, and then stitch the bandages onto the catsuit by hand.”
Rococo pastoral gown
Image Credit Heba Khamis for The New York Times
Opera production: “Così fan tutte,” by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1997)
Price: 150 euros
“A famous German designer once said, ‘When you use details in the costume, they won't be seen, but if you leave them out, they'll be missed.' This little rococo costume was a chorus dress for a pastoral scene, and the fabrics all have leaves and pictures of gardens with shepherds, and the 2-D front panel is made from an image from the rococo period. It might not be possible to see that detail from the audience, but we would miss it.”
Servant
Image Credit Heba Khamis for The New York Times
Opera Production: “Cendrillon” (Cinderella), by Jules Massenet (1987)
Price: 200 euros
“A chorus member would have worn this at a ball with the prince. It's very typical of the time it was made — very theatrical and bold. For me, it's just about shape and form and function.”
Slime
Image Credit Heba Khamis for The New York Times
Opera production: “Legende — De Ontsporing van Meneer Prikkebeen,” by Peter-Jan Wagemans (2010)
Price: 100 euros
“It's from a Dutch world premiere that was only performed once. In one scene, there's a world traveler who is confronted by these slimy men, opera singers, who come up out of the ground and frighten him. The slime is made of silicone. It has an umbilical cord to make them more monstrous.”
Gold doublet
Image Credit Heba Khamis for The New York Times
Opera production: Unknown, probably in the 1970s
Price: 90 euros
“This is one of the oldest items we have in our inventory, probably from around 1975. I don't know what it is because in those days, we didn't put production tags on the garments. It seems to be a dream-come-true-prince-on-a-white-horse costume. We have several of these in stock, but no trousers. Polyester brocade fabrics became very popular and affordable and therefore used a lot for costume design. Even if you'd like to copy this one to one, it would be difficult today.”
Black plastic gown: male chorus member
Image Credit Heba Khamis for The New York Times
Opera production: “Tannhäuser,” by Richard Wagner (2007)
Price: 100 euros
“We had 120 people in this costume onstage at one time, the men with these huge petticoats, all walking down this huge staircase at the same time — very impressive looking. It's a translation of a period piece” — from the 19th century — “but we wanted to use modern materials. This is basically made of plastic, made to look like hand-sculpted fabric.”
Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page A 11 of the New York edition with the headline: 4,000 Opera Costumes. 1 Giant Sale.
Sign up for The Interpreter Subscribe for original insights, commentary and discussions on the major news stories of the week, from columnists Max Fisher and Amanda Taub. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
Kerala Polytechnic Trail Allotment 2017 Result has been declared. The candidate can check their result at official website: polyadmission.org.
Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) Polytechnic/Diploma results has announced based on grades or marks secured by the candidates in SSLC and THSLC. The students who had written the exam can access the result from the board site.
About Directorate of Technical Education
Polytechnic Colleges in the state provide diploma education through 45 Government Polytechnic Colleges, 6 Government Aided Polytechnic Colleges and 10 Self Financing Polytechnic Colleges. 20 Diploma Programmes in Engineering/Technology and Commercial Practice/Management are conducted in these Polytechnic Colleges.
Steps to check Kerala Polytechnic 2017 Result:
Consuming extracts of broccoli — a cruciferous vegetable rich in vitamins, fibre and disease-fighting phytochemicals — may help people with Type 2 diabetes to manage their blood sugar, researchers say.
Type 2 diabetes affects around 450 million people worldwide and as many as 15 per cent of those patients cannot take the first-line therapy metformin because of kidney damage risks.
The findings showed that broccoli, which is also rich in sulforaphane, a naturally occurring compound found in cruciferous vegetables, may help reverse the disease signature.
In the study, conducted on rats, this compound reduced glucose production by liver cells that were growing in culture and shifted the liver gene expression away from a diseased state in the rats with diabetes.
Sulforaphane reversed the disease signature in the livers from diabetic animals and cut exaggerated glucose production and glucose intolerance by a magnitude similar to that of metformin, said Annika Axelsson from the Lund University in Sweden.
In addition, sulforaphane provided as concentrated broccoli sprout extract reduced fasting blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) in obese patients with dysregulated Type 2 diabetes.
For the study, appearing in the journal Science Translational Medicine, the team constructed a signature for Type 2 diabetes based on 50 genes, then used publically available expression datasets to screen 3,852 compounds for drugs that potentially reverse disease.
When the researchers gave concentrated broccoli sprout extracts to 97 human Type 2 diabetes patients in a 12-week randomised placebo-controlled trial, obese participants who had dysregulated disease demonstrated significantly decreased fasting blood glucose levels compared to controls
After more than a week of partisan bickering and social media-fueled buildup, the #releasethememo crowd finally got their wish.
President Donald Trump declassified it. The GOP majority of the House intelligence committee released it. And the public dissection of the four-page, GOP-authored document began.
Here are a few key takeaways:
———
WHAT'S THE GIST?
The memo makes a series of allegations of misconduct on the part of the FBI and the Justice Department in obtaining a warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, to monitor former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
Specifically, it takes aim at the FBI's use of information from a former British spy, Christopher Steele, who compiled a collection of memos containing several allegations of ties between Trump, their associates and Russia.
The memo says the FBI and the Justice Department didn't tell the FISA court enough about Steele's role in an opposition research effort funded by Democrat Hillary Clinton through a Washington law firm.
———
WHAT'S NEW?
The memo provides the first formal government confirmation of a secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant and the name of the person monitored.
Information like that is ordinarily considered among the most tightly held national security information, and it almost never gets released to the public.
Though the memo takes issue with the FBI's methods, it also confirms that the FBI and Justice Department believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over.
The memo also fills in the timeline of the Russia investigation, showing that Page was under surveillance for months.
According to the memo, the Justice Department and FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page on Oct. 21, 2016, and then had it reauthorized three additional times.
Given that FISA warrants must be renewed every 90 days, the memo indicates that the government monitored Page's communications for nearly a year.
———
IT STARTED WITH PAPADOPOULOS
The whole Russia investigation, that is.
According to the memo, information about former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos "triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016."
That's significant because Trump and their allies in the GOP have tried to undermine the investigation by saying it all stems from the Steele dossier.
But the memo confirms reporting by The New York Times late last year that FBI concerns about Papadopoulos started the investigation.
Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI last year. Court papers show they had several contacts with people representing themselves as being tied to the Russian government starting in the spring of 2016.
Court papers show that Papadopoulos learned the Russians had "dirt" on Hillary Clinton in the form of "thousands of emails" prior to that information becoming public.
———
THE FBI DID USE INFORMATION FROM STEELE, THOUGH
The memo says Steele's collection of reports "formed an essential part" of the FISA application for Page, but it doesn't specify exactly what information was used or how much.
It also says that the FISA application relied on a September 2016 Yahoo News article, and claims that the information in the article also came from Steele.
The document quotes former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe as telling the House intelligence committee in December that "no surveillance warrant would have been sought" from the FISA court "without the Steele dossier information."
According to the memo, the application also included "Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters."
———
NO UNDERLYING INFORMATION RELEASED
The accuracy of the memo is hard to assess because the majority of the underlying contents are classified or confidential.
The memo cites an initial FISA warrant application — a document which usually has dozens of pages — as well as three additional renewals by the court. None of those documents are public.
The same is true of the transcripts of the committee's closed-door interviews with McCabe and other senior FBI officials who had contact with Steele.
On Friday, the committee's ranking Democrat, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, took issue with the memo's characterization of McCabe's comments, saying the former FBI deputy director was speaking generally about how any FISA application relies on "each and every component" included.
———
'MINIMALLY CORROBORATED'
It's been a burning question ever since the dossier was published by Buzzfeed News last year: How much did the FBI corroborate?
According to the memo, not much at the time the FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page. The memo cites FBI Assistant Director Bill Priestap as saying FBI corroboration of the dossier was in its "infancy" when the court authorized the first FISA warrant.
It also says an "independent unit" in the FBI conducted a "source validation report" on Steele's reporting and found it "only minimally corroborated."
Again, it's hard to judge the accuracy of the memo description without the underlying documents or transcripts of Priestap's testimony.
———
Follow Chad Day on Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/ChadSDay
Kacy, a first baseman, was selected by the Blue Jays in the eighth round of last year's MLB Draft.
They started the year with the Lansing Lugnuts and is now with single-A Dunedin of the Florida State League.
KEN GRIFFEY SR., KEN GRIFFEY JR.
The Griffeys made history in 1990 when they became the first father and son to take the field at the same time as teammates.
Batting second for the Seattle Mariners, Griffey Sr., hit a single against Kansas City Royals pitcher Storm Davis and Griffey Jr., followed with a single of their own.
They topped that a couple weeks later by hitting back-to-back homers against California Angels starter Kirk McCaskill.
CECIL FIELDER, PRINCE FIELDER
Cecil Fielder had eye-popping power at the plate and their son Prince was no different.
Both reached the 50-home run plateau (Cecil in 1990, Prince in 2007) and both cleared the 300-homer mark for their careers.
Cecil, a three-time all-star, spent parts of four seasons with the Blue Jays before blossoming with the Detroit Tigers in the 1990s.
Prince spent the first half of their career in Milwaukee but also had two all-star seasons with the Tigers.
CRAIG BIGGIO, CAVAN BIGGIO
Craig Biggio spent two decades in the big leagues. The Toronto Blue Jays are hoping their son Cavan will also enjoy a long career at the top level.
Cavan, a fifth-round pick in 2016, is enjoying a strong season at double-A New Hampshire.
The hype may be focused on teammates Vladimir Guerrero, Jr., and Bo Bichette, but Biggio is quietly hovering around the top of the league in several offensive categories.
Craig Biggio, a seven-time all-star, played their entire career with the Houston Astros.
———
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
By Gregory Strong, The Canadian Press
What's up with those government ads with zippy lines promoting public transport? Are these ads really just propaganda? In part two of our look on public transport, we interview Daniel Bowen from the Public Transport Users Association.
Sunday's "Game of Thrones" wasn't the fireworks we got last week, but more of the planning from the rest of Westeros after Daenerys Targaryen introduced their dragons into the equation and tore through an entire army.
As Jaime Lannister aptly said, "That was only one [dragon] ... she's got two more."
It goes without saying, MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD!
This put the rest of the "Game of Thrones" kingdom on red alert with all sides rushing to figure out what to do next. Plus there are only two episodes left until the season 7 finale, so things should "heat" up.
Here are the five biggest burning questions after last night's episode, "Eastwatch."
1 - Is Cersei really pregnant?
In this episode, Cersei has revealed to their brother Jaime that they are once again carrying their child. This news comes after Jaime tells Cersei that there is no way the Lannister army can win the war against Daenerys.
Could Cersei be lying to Jaime in order to coerce them into not surrendering? Moments before hearing they were allegedly going to become a father again, it appeared as if the Kingslayer was ready to bend the knee to Daenerys. Perhaps Cersei made up the pregnancy to give them something to fight for.
2 - Does Cersei really want to negotiate with Daenerys?
After Daenerys' dragon barbecued the Lannister army, Jaime goes to Cersei's chambers to share the devastating news. During their meeting, Cersei tells Jaime that it may be time to make “accommodations” with the dragon queen.
Something about their tone seems far-fetched. Do we really believe that Cersei is now willing to make peace with their enemies? Or could this indicate that she's plotting another setup like the Great Sept of Baelor, where they destroyed their enemies with wildfire?
3 - Is Tyrion losing faith in Daenerys?
After Dany used their dragon to rip through the army fighting on Cersei's side, they then gave Lord Tarly and Dickon a chance to bend the knee or die. After they refuse, despite Tyrion begging them to save their own lives, they burn them to death in front of their soldiers.
At Dragonstone, Tyrion expresses their concern to Varys. They try to calm their friend's worries, especially with Dany being the daughter of the Mad King. Are they becoming too powerful for their own good? Only time will tell and how they handle their growing empire.
4 - Is Littlefinger leading Arya into a trap?
It sure looks like it. After they follow the clever man, who has their eye on Arya's sister, Sansa, the now-fierce warrior finds a hidden scroll hidden under their bed.
But right when we think Arya may have outsmarted Petyr, we see them actually following her, smiling that they found the lost scroll. Looks like he's driving more and more of a wedge between the two sisters. It will be interesting to see what Jon Snow has to say when they get back to Winterfell.
5 - Is Jon Snow the rightful heir to the throne?
Which brings us to the biggest reveal, maybe, of the night!
When Samwell and Gilly are researching and talking toward the end of the episode, they find past documentation about an annulment for Prince Rhaegar, Dany's brother, who is rumored to be the father to Snow, though they don't know it.
Furthermore, this could mean that they may have married Lyanna Stark in private in Dorne. Snow might not be a bastard after all and instead, the rightful king of Westeros. Dany is NOT going to be happy about this.
"Game of Thrones" returns Sunday at 9 p.m. on HBO.
Here we have a photo from our archives dated around August 1992 which appeared as part of our sporting coverage.
The image shows a team from Heckington Cricket Club - were you one of these players from 25 years ago?
Can anyone name the team members - and who is the mystery young mascot sat at the front?
We always welcome reader input and invite you to send in your own sports team photos from local clubs from years ago that you would like to share with readers.
You can email them to andy.hubbert@jpress.co.uk or send them via www.facebook.com/thesleafordstandard or drop into our office at Unit 8 Station Business Centre, Station Road, Sleaford.
BAKERSFIELD, Calif. (AP) -- Jarkel Joiner scored 21 points on 8-for-13 shooting, Damiyne Durham added 16 more and Cal State Bakersfield cruised to an 81-58 win over Missouri-Kansas City on Saturday night.
Cal State Bakersfield (10-13, 3-5 Western Athletic Conference) shot 56 percent from the field, getting 16 assists on 31 baskets, and dominated inside with a 38-14 advantage in points in the paint. Moataz Aly and Justin Davis finished with 10 points each for the Roadrunners, whose win gave coach Greg McCall their 100th career victory.
Isaiah Ross opened the game with a 3-pointer to spark an 8-0 run for UMKC (6-19, 1-7), which still led 13-12 midway through the opening half before Cal State Bakersfield took over.
Joiner then hit a 3-pointer to put CSUB on top for good and spark a 32-7 run to take a 44-20 advantage into the break.
Xavier Bishop led UMKC with 17 points, Broderick Robinson added 12 and Ross finished with 11 as the Kangaroos lost their fifth straight.
Oklahoma State guard Kendall Smith (1) shoots after getting past Kansas defenders Devonte' Graham (4) and Mitch Lightfoot (44) during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game in Lawrence, Kan., Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. Oklahoma State defeated No. 7 Kansas 84-79. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner)
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) -- Kendall Smith scored 24 points, including the clinching free throws in the final seconds, and Oklahoma State held on to beat seventh-ranked Kansas 84-79 on Saturday.
Cameron McGriff added 20 points and Jeffrey Carroll had 15 for the Cowboys (14-9, 4-6 Big 12), who built an 18-point first-half lead and dominated the boards in ending their three-game losing streak.
It was the third loss for the Jayhawks (18-5, 7-3) in Allen Fieldhouse, their most since the 1998-99 season, and their second in conference play. They also lost to Texas Tech in the Phog.
Devonte Graham gave them a chance when their two foul shots with 14.2 seconds left drew Kansas within 82-79. But after squandering several seconds trying to foul Smith, the guard capped their big performance off the bench by knocking down two free throws to put the game away.
Udoka Azubuike had 20 points and Graham and Svi Mykhailiuk scored 17 apiece for Kansas, which was celebrating 120 years of basketball by welcoming back dozens of former players and coaches.
They didn't have much to cheer about on a sunny Saturday morning.
A nip-and-tuck start gave way to complete first-half dominance by the Cowboys, who at one point had more second-chance points (18) than the Jayhawks had total (16).
One of the nation's most prolific 3-point shooting teams, the Jayhawks were relegated to dumping the ball to Azubuike in the post. And the big fella was unable to keep up with Oklahoma State's own 3-point barrage, which at one point stretched the lead to 18 points late in the half.
Kansas coach Bill Self, who typically stalks up and down the sideline, instead sat glumly in their seat as their team followed a 3-for-15 start from the field with three consecutive turnovers.
The Jayhawks' 46-33 halftime deficit matched their biggest of the season.
PARIS (AP) — Survivors and families of victims of the deadly 2015 attack on Paris' Bataclan concert hall have brought a case before France's administrative court to find out why French soldiers stationed nearby were ordered not to intervene when Islamic State gunmen stormed the venue.
The new procedure Wednesday seeks to expose who was responsible in the French government for the soldiers' actions. It comes one month after victims filed a legal complaint with the same goal.
During the attacks, eight soldiers standing near the Bataclan as part of an internal security operation were ordered not to use their weapons. The government later clarified the rules of engagement for its military in similar situations.
The attack on the Bataclan and other Paris venues on Nov. 13, 2015, killed 130 people and wounded hundreds.
The Reno-Tahoe Chapter American Marketing Association hosts a luncheon, “Bi Arts, Little City: Reno Arts and Culture Program” featuring guest speaker Alexis Hill from the City of Reno.
The luncheon is set for Tuesday, Oct. 17 from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. at Atlantis Casino Resort Spa.
Tickets are $25 for AMA members, $34 for non-members and $20 for students. RSVP deadline is Thursday, Oct. 12. To do so, go online at: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ama-october-luncheon-big-arts-little-city-tickets-38254347784.
(John McCall/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP, File). FILE - In this Wednesday, Feb. 14, 2018, file photo, a family reunites following a shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla. A commission tasked with investigating governme...
By TERRY SPENCER
Associated Press
COCONUT CREEK, Fla. (AP) - Faulty classroom design and failures in the police radio and 911 systems contributed to the chaos and deaths during the recent Florida high school massacre, a commission investigating the shooting was told at its first meeting Tuesday.
Broward Sheriff's Office Detective Zachary Scott told the Marjory Stoneman High School Public Safety Commission that teachers trying to lock down their students as the gunman began their attack couldn't lock classroom doors from the inside, but had to grab a key, open the door and turn the lock from the outside.
"That's messed up, no matter how you slice it," said Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri, chairperson of the 16-member commission that will prepare a report looking at the actions of state officials before and after the shooting and make recommendations. Fourteen students and three staff members died in the Feb. 14 shooting and 17 others were wounded.
The doors also had small windows that allowed the suspect, whom police have identified as former student Nikolas Cruz, to fire into classrooms that had been locked, leading to several deaths, Scott told the commission. Members include law enforcement administrators from throughout Florida, education officials, a state senator, a mental health counselor and the fathers of victims Alex Schachter, Meadow Pollack and Alaina Petty. The members were appointed by Gov. Rick Scott, state House Speaker Richard Corcoran and Senate President Joe Negron.
The commission also learned the Broward sheriff's office and Coral Springs police department, the two primary agencies responding to the shooting, had different radio systems that prevented authorities from exchanging information - and that attempts to merge the channels failed.
Also, the city of Parkland, where the school is located, has a bifurcated 911 system. Calls from cellular phones go to the Coral Springs 911 center, while calls from landlines go to the Broward sheriff. As most calls from campus were from cellphones, Broward dispatchers were getting second-hand information from Coral Springs.
Scott played a rudimentary computer animation showing the gunman's actions as they moved through the three-story first-year student building during their six-minute attack. The suspect and the victims were represented by dots, with the victims' dots changing colors when they were fatally wounded. The specific victims were not identified. The audience that filled the auditorium at Broward College's north campus remained silent as Scott talked through the animation.
Gualtieri told the members their goal should be to prevent any more mass shootings.
"Nobody else should have to endure what those children had to endure that day," they said.
The commission will also examine the Broward Sheriff's Office's conduct before, during and after the shooting. Deputy Scot Peterson, the school's security officer, retired after Sheriff Scott Israel criticized them and planned to suspend them for not rushing into the building to confront and kill Cruz. The commission also will consider the conduct of other deputies who arrived at the school but remained outside.
School counselors and mental health officials will appear before the commission to talk about their contact with Cruz. They spent time at a school for emotionally and mentally disturbed students before being allowed to transfer briefly to Stoneman Douglas. They were kicked out later. Cruz's attorneys have said they would plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty.
The commission could also examine other Florida mass shootings, including a 2016 massacre at Orlando's Pulse nightclub that killed 49, and a 2017 shooting at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport that left six dead. Gualtieri suggested that it focus solely on school shootings, however.
The commission's final report is due Jan. 1.
___
This story has been edited to correct the spelling of one of the victim's names to Alaina, not Aliana.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DETROIT (AP) - Consumer Reports is now recommending Tesla's Model 3 compact electric car after a company software update improved its poor braking performance.
The magazine says the wireless update of antilock braking software cut 19 feet from the car's stopping distance from 60 miles per hour.
A previous test found that it took 152 feet for the car to stop from 60. That was the longest braking distance of any modern car the magazine has tested.
But in a test after the update, the stopping distance fell to 133 feet. Consumer Reports says that's typical for a compact luxury car.
The improved braking raised the car's score high enough for it to be a recommended buy. But the magazine still has concerns over wind noise and the touch-screen controls.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Scoring touchdowns on their four of their first five drives, the Aledo Bearcats ran past the Saginaw Rough Riders, 52-7, Friday night in a District 6-5A game at Rough Rider Stadium in Saginaw.
The win raises the Bearcats' record to 5-0 overall and 2-0 in district play.
The Bearcats' defense was the shining star again, holding Saginaw to 115 total yards, with most of the yardage coming in the fourth quarter.
“We kind of hang our hats on defense around here,” Bearcats head coach Steve Wood said. “We had a lot of big plays on offense, but when they stack eight in the box we have to throw. I thought (quarterback) Jake (Bishop) did a good job of keeping plays alive with their feet, and they threw the ball well.
“Our first defense did not give (Saginaw) much, and again we take pride in our defense.”
Aledo struck early when after moving the chains with a 14-yard scramble, Bishop fired a 78-yard touchdown pass to Jeffrey “Scooby” Carter. On the play, Carter easily beat single coverage down the left sideline.
Cole Daniels added the extra point, and just 1:02 into the contest the Bearcats led 7-0.
The next Aledo score was set up by an interception by senior cornerback Giovanni Torres at the AHS 10.
Bishop got the ‘Cats out of a third-and-14 hole with a 21-yard keeper to move the chains. Three plays later, Bishop found receiver Beau Mask for a 10-yard gain on third and 10 to keep the drive alive. On the next play, junior tailback Tre Owens blasted off right tackle and went 52 yards to the end zone with 3:38 remaining in the opening quarter.
Daniels' boot increase the Aledo lead to 14-0.
Saginaw achieved its initial first down of the game on the Riders next possession, but it ended when Aledo linebacker Reagan Rice intercepted a tipped pass at the hosts' 37.
Bishop once again used their feet to move the chains as they scooted eight yards to convert a third and seven, which brought the ball to the SHS 16 on the final play of the first quarter.
After senior tailback Jake Norwood carried for 10 yards, the Bearcats scored two plays later when Bishop fired a bullet to a diving Money Parks, and the receiver cradled the six-yard touchdown pass just over inside the goal line.
With 10:45 left in the half, Daniels added the PAT for a 21-0 lead.
The Bearcats' defense got into the scoring act next. On third and 19 from the SHS 15, Aledo junior defensive end Colt Ellison snared a swing pass by Saginaw quarterback Luke Blakely and sprinted 15 yards to the end zone with 9:36 left in the half.
“I have no idea where they were throwing the ball,” Ellison said. “When I caught it I knew I would score.”
Daniels' PAT kick extended the lead to 28-0.
After a quick three and out that forced another Saginaw punt, it took only one play for Aledo to find the end zone. On first and 10 from their own 39, Bishop tossed a lofty pass down the left sideline to senior receiver Hunter Rosson, who beat single coverage by three steps on their way to completing a 61-yard touchdown play.
Daniels added the PAT, and with 7:50 remaining in the second period the Bearcats' lead grew to 35-0, where it remained at the half.
Once again, the Bearcats' defense was rock solid. Saginaw gained just 20 total yards in the first half and was limited to three first downs.
Aledo scored on its opening possession of the second half. A 40-yard Bishop-to-Rosson pass completion put the ball in Saginaw territory, and three plays later, Bishop found receiver Jay Miller for a 26-yard touchdown. On the play, Miller bobbled the pass, but quickly gathered it in waltzed to the end zone.
With 8:25 left in the third period, Will Turner booted the PAT to increase the lead to 42-0.
An interception by Jake Ford on Saginaw's next possession set up another Aledo score.
On the first play of the drive, Bishop flipped a shovel pass in the middle to Norwood, who was initially bottled up. However, Norwood spun out of trouble to break a tackle and outran two defenders to the end zone to complete a 29-yard touchdown play.
Jack Phillips booted the PAT as Aledo led 49-0 with 6:46 left in the third quarter.
On Saginaw's ensuing possession another interception – this time by Wyatt Harris – led to an Aledo score. They picked of the ball at the Saginaw 25 and advanced the ball to the hosts' 13.
But the drive stalled, and Will Turner kicked a 27-yard field goal to extend the lead to 52-0 with 1:52 left in the third period.
Saginaw committed its sixth turnover of the game on its next possession when AHS senior defensive end Bobby Hufnagle recovered a fumble at the end of the third quarter.
Saginaw closed the scoring with the lone score of the fourth quarter when running back Michael Jones scored on a 39-yard run, with Felix Cano adding the extra point.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for their role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described them as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident they will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where they had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted them and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
They added that other members of their community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to their reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But their release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that they can stay in Los Angeles near their attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but they cannot leave the country. They were also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring them from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing them access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of their bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
Trays with dough move on an automated line towards the oven during the production process at the Gonnella Baking Company in Aurora, Illinois, U.S., November 16, 2017. Picture taken November 16, 2017. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
By Rod Nickel and Julie Ingwersen
WINNIPEG, Manitoba/CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chicago's iconic sandwiches - Italian beef heroes dripping with gravy, and hot dogs loaded with pickles and hot peppers - wouldn't be such culinary institutions without the bread.
But this fall, bakers faced a crisis getting the right kind of bread to delis and sandwich shops locally and across the United States.
Gonnella Baking Co - which supplies the buns to Major League Baseball's Wrigley Field - faced an unusual problem in October when flour from this year's U.S. wheat harvest arrived at their factories containing low levels of protein.
(For a graphic on dwindling wheat crops in the United States, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2zXkpR6)
That meant bakers couldn't produce bread with the airy texture customers demand, setting off two weeks of tinkering with temperatures and the mixing process, and the eventual purchase of gluten as an additive. By the time the alchemy was done, Gonnella had thrown away more than $20,000 worth of substandard bread and buns, said president Ron Lucchesi.
"That really was a headache," Lucchesi said.
The problem spans the $23 billion U.S. bread market and highlights a paradox in the global wheat trade. Despite a worldwide grains glut, high-protein hard wheat is scarce after two years of poor U.S. harvests. The shortage hurts bakers and millers who prize high-protein wheat, along with the farmers who grow it.
Wholesale bakers such as Grupo Bimbo, Flowers Foods Inc and Campbell Soup Co's Pepperidge Farms are feeling the squeeze on margins, said Stephen Nicholson, senior grains and oilseeds analyst with Rabobank. All three companies have seen their stock prices fall over the last two years, a period when the benchmark S&P 500 index gained more than 26 percent.
Millers such as Archer Daniels Midland Co, Ardent Mills, General Mills Inc have been able to pass on much of their higher wheat costs in sales of flour to bakers, they added. But bakers have not been able to pass those costs to grocers, who have been unwilling to pay higher prices because of increased competition and price deflation.
Global wheat inventories have risen to record-high levels due in part to heavy production from Russia. Meanwhile, U.S. per capita consumption of wheat flour in 2016 fell to its lowest level in nearly three decades, and U.S. farmers planted their smallest winter wheat crop in more than a century.
"It's a low-margin, pennies business, but now you've got even more disruption," said Robb MacKie, CEO of the American Bakers Association.
Ardent Mills - a joint venture of Cargill Inc, CHS Inc and ConAgra Foods - is finding enough high-protein wheat but also incurring higher costs, said Buck VanNiejenhuis, Ardent's general manager in Canada. ADM faces a similar situation, said Aaron Brown, its manager for Canadian origination and exports.
Campbell Soup declined to comment, but the company said in August that it expected costs to rise by two to three percent in 2018. Representatives for General Mills and Grupo Bimbo's U.S. bakery division declined to comment. Flowers Foods did not respond to requests for comment.
SHRINKING PROFITS, FEWER ACRES
Two years of heavy spring rains in Kansas, the largest producer of hard winter wheat, have sapped the protein levels of a crop that thrives in arid conditions.
Hard winter wheat makes up about 40 percent of the $10 billion U.S. wheat crop, which peaked in value at $17.4 billion in 2012 amid higher prices and plantings.
Total wheat plantings in Kansas fell this year to 7.6 million acres. That's down from 9.4 million acres in 2012 and represents the second-smallest planting since the U.S. Department of Agriculture started keeping records in 1919.
Kansas farmers have seen their returns steadily diminish, with some incurring losses. Farmers received an average of $3.20 per bushel for the 2016 harvest, down from $6.07 two years before. Data for the 2017 harvest is not yet available.
Further north, farmers have been selling high-protein spring wheat for a premium due to tight supply. Protein premiums in Manitoba, the Canadian province, have reached their highest levels in at least five years.
Farmer Dan Mazier, located near Justice, Manitoba, sold their high-protein wheat for delivery next spring to squeeze out the highest price.
President Reuven Rivlin eulogized Rabbi Shteinman, the leader of Lithuanian haredi Jewry who passed away Tuesday morning:
“The great Rabbi Steinman was a leader who carried on their shoulders the entire Jewish people. A Torah giant and a leader who guided the lives of thousands, and tens of thousands. Despite their resolute positions, they were able to convey their message pleasantly, softly and with a great love for every Jew.
“During my last meeting with him, I was privileged to meet a unique descendant of the great tradition of Lithuanian Jewry. The rabbi was a tremendous scholar, a genius of Torah study, good-natured and kind, rich in life experience. A man whose wisdom was second only to their humility.
“Rabbi Steinman outlined a path for thousands and tens of thousands, and parting from them leaves a deep sense of loss. May their memory be a blessing.”
LAS VEGAS—Investigators are looking into whether gunman Stephen Paddock scoped out bigger music festivals in Las Vegas and Chicago—and perhaps Boston's Fenway Park—before setting up their perch in a casino hotel and raining deadly fire on country music fans.
Paddock booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements before they undertook the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history.
It was not clear if they contemplated massacres at those sites.
ADVERTISEMENT
Investigators looking into Paddock also came across mention of Fenway Park, Boston police Lt. Detective Mike McCarthy said, though they provided no further details.
Backstory
The details came to light as investigators struggled to figure out why the high-stakes gambler opened fire on a crowd of 22,000 on Sunday night from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel- casino in Las Vegas. They killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 before taking their own life.
A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
Authorities previously disclosed Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
Girlfriend's statement
Paddock had an arsenal of 23 weapons in their hotel room. A dozen of them included “bump stocks,” attachments that can effectively convert semiautomatic rifles into fully automated weapons.
ADVERTISEMENT
In the meantime, Las Vegas police announced on Thursday that they had found a Hyundai Tucson they had been searching for as part of the probe while executing a search warrant at the home in Reno that Paddock shared with their girlfriend, Marilou Danley.
Danley, who returned late Tuesday from a family visit to the Philippines, is regarded by investigators as a “person of interest.”
The Australian citizen of Filipino heritage is cooperating fully with authorities, their lawyer said.
Danley shared Paddock's home at a retirement community in Mesquite, Nevada, northeast of Las Vegas, before traveling to the Philippines in mid-September.
Investigators questioned them about Paddock's weapons purchases, a $100,000 wire transfer to a Philippine bank that appeared to be intended for her, and whether they saw any changes in their behavior before they left the United States.
Danley said Paddock had bought them an airline ticket to visit their family and wired their money to purchase property there, leading them to worry they might be planning to break up with them
But Danley told FBI agents on Wednesday they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.
Investigators combing through their background for clues remain stumped as to their motive.
‘Disturbed and dangerous'
The profile developed so far is of a “disturbed and dangerous” man who acquired an arsenal over decades, Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said.
But investigators have been frustrated to find that they lived a “secret life,” Lombardo said, “much of which will never be fully understood.”
A former executive casino host at the Atlantis Casino Resort and Spa in Reno said Paddock had a “god complex” and expected quick service without regard to how busy the staff was at the time.
“He liked everybody to think that they were the guy,” John Weinreich said. “He didn't boast about anything they had or anything. It was just their demeanor. It was like, ‘I'm here. Don't cross me. Don't look at me too long.'”
Before Mandalay
The weekend before the massacre, they rented a room through Airbnb at the 21-story Ogden condominiums in downtown Las Vegas and stayed there during a music festival below that included Chance the Rapper, Muse, Lorde and Blink-182.
“Reasons that ran through Paddock's mind is unknown, but it was directly at the same time as Life Is Beautiful,” the sheriff said.
Police were reviewing video shot at the high-rise to check Paddock's movements. Theirs renting the condo was curious because, as a high-roller, they could have easily gotten a free room at one of the casino hotels on the Vegas Strip.
In early August, Paddock booked a room at Chicago's 21-story Blackstone Hotel that overlooked the park where the Lollapalooza alternative music festival was being held, though there's no evidence they actually stayed there, a law enforcement official said on Thursday.
The hotel confirmed a Stephen Paddock made a reservation but said they never checked in.
Although Paddock killed themselves as a SWAT team closed in, the sheriff said it appeared they had planned to survive and had an escape plan. Lombardo would not elaborate on the plan.
The coroner's office in Las Vegas would not release details of its autopsy on Paddock. Some behavioral experts have wondered whether they suffered from some kind of brain abnormality or had a terminal illness that prompted them to lash out.
—REPORTS THE WIRES
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- The Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced Dec. 9 the winners of the Taiwan Young Lions Competition, an annual social media contest for youths, during a ceremony at Tamkang University in New Taipei City.
Each year, the MOFA invites local youths to create social media campaigns that increase awareness of Taiwan's natural beauty and commitment to playing a more significant role in the international community.
According to the ministry, this year's competition attracted 39 submissions, which can all be viewed on the MOFA-organized Trending Taiwan YouTube channel. A total of 29 two-member teams made it to the finals, where contestants were given 24 hours to produce a one-minute video on Taiwan's efforts to expand its international participation.
First place and a prize of NT$250,000 (US$8,333) went to Lin Jung-an and Lee Hsin-ning, who impressed the judges with their Taiwan Emoji Project, a series of emojis depicting iconic features of Taiwan such as bubble milk tea and the Taipei 101 skyscraper.
Second place, which also came with a NT$250,000 prize, went to Chuang Chih-yuan and Fan Chun-ta for their online ambient music that fuses original electronic compositions with sounds recorded in some of Taiwan's most iconic locales such as beaches, night markets and forests. The “white noise” soundtracks are designed for a variety of purposes, such as relaxation or concentration.
In addition to the cash prizes, the two winning teams will also act as Taiwan's representatives to the Young Lions Competition slated for June 18-22 next year in Cannes, France. Lin and Lee will compete in the digital category, while Chuang and Fang will compete for best film.
The Taiwan Young Lions Competition is organized by the MOFA in collaboration with Taipei City-based event management company Kleinerfisch, which represents Taiwan at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, branded as one of the largest events geared toward the creative and marketing communications industry.
According to the ministry, Trending Taiwan has added over 600 video clips showcasing the diversity and vitality of Taiwan and its people since its YouTube channel's inauguration in 2015.
As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
"The winds are kind of squirrely right now," said county fire spokesperson Mike Eliason. "Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in."
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Gusts of up to 40 mph (64 kph) are expected through Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 270-square-mile (699-sq. kilometer) fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
"This is the new normal," Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
"Our house is under threat of being burned," Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. "We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters."
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
In San Diego, which is 130 miles (209 kilometers) to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training center, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed their car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
———
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in Fallbrook and Brian Melley and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
———
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
———
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
The Queensland government has earmarked $135.4 million for upgrades and new IT systems for its health service in 2017-18.
The state's budget, handed down today, allocates funds for investment in core Queensland Health infrastructure to support digital hospitals, as well as the replacement and enhancement of core clinical and business systems “to support frontline health service provision, corporate functions and decision making at the point of care”.
“The department takes a strategic view to ensure health infrastructure and healthcare technology and information communication technology strengthens our public health system to meet the growing demand for world class facilities and services,” budget documents state.
The budget also allocates $5.3 million to extend existing IT services and develop new ones at the Sunshine Coast University Hospital, which formally opened in April.
Queensland Health in 2015 released a 20-year eHealth strategy that envisaged spending $300 million on ICT infrastructure, $100 million on business systems, $730 million on clinical systems, and $130 million on the “digital future” of the health system — information interoperability and eHealth foundations.
Other IT funding in the budget includes:
• $11.7 million for Queensland Treasury's Office of State Revenue Transformation Program. “This will enable the delivery of an upgraded ICT platform and support improved revenue management services into the future,” budget documents state.
• The Department of Communities, Child Safety and Disability Services will spend $2.6 million over two years on developing a whole-of-government system “to improve information sharing across agencies in regards to children missing from out-of-home care”. $6.8 million will be spent on enhancements to key existing IT systems and programs to implement new systems at the department, including to improve contract management, document and records management, and information sharing across agencies and the sector.
• $6.2 million for ICT projects at CS Energy Limited; $19.1 million for IT projects at Stanwell Corporation Limited ($11.2 million for hardware and software upgrades and $7.9 million for upgrades and replacements of major ICT systems); and $7.1 million for replace computer equipment and to improve the security of SunWater's business and water-level/flood monitoring networks and a replacement ERP system.
• $800,000 in software for the Public Trustee of Queensland.
• $3.6 million on an Investigations Case Management System for the Crime and Corruption Commission, as well as $3.4 million on computer and other equipment replacement.
• $1.9 million towards the development of software systems at the Department of National Parks, Sport and Racing and Stadiums.
• $4.5 million in 2017-18 for ICT systems development at the Department of Natural Resources and Mines and $2.6 million for geoscience data curation systems.
• $12.3 million for a range of ICT initiatives at Queensland Police Service.
• $8.3 million for ICT projects at the Queensland Ambulance Service.
• $2.2 million for additions and upgrades to information systems at the Queensland Fire and Emergency Services
• $4 million for mainframe replacement for the government ICT service provider CITEC, as well as $3.3 million for hardware replacement at the agency and $2.1 million for “critical software enhancements” relating to CITEC Information Brokerage.
• $2.9 million for activities relating to the first phase of the Science ICT Remediation and Renewal Program at the Department of Science, Information Technology and Innovation
• $2.2 million for consolidation and upgrade of finance and human resource systems managed by Queensland Shared Services and $2.1 million for optimisation projects and initiatives.
• $1.9 million to the Library Board of Queensland “for the purchase of heritage and infrastructure collections, intangible assets in the form of digital collections, as well as replacement of information technology and micrographic equipment.”
• Queensland Rail Limited receives $76.2 million for “business enabling investment on corporate, property and ICT works”.
Apple has added SIM-FREE and Unlocked iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models to its Certified Refurbished online store. iPhone 7 refurb models start at $449—9% off the original retail price—while iPhone 7 Plus refurb models start at $599—10% off the original price.
For instance, as of this writing, Apple has an iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Jet Black refurb for $689, as shown below.
Apple's Certified Refurbished program is top notch, in my opinion, and I've purchased several Apple refurbs over the years. Apple's refurb inventory tends to be dynamic, as devices are listed only while Apple has specific inventory on hand, and they tend to go quick once we link to them.
AP Photo/Alex Sanz
HOUSTON (AP) — A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's election technology, days before the state holds a closely watched congressional runoff vote on June 20.
The security failure left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, and may have been left unpatched for seven months. The revealed files might have allowed attackers to plant malware and possibly rig votes or wreak chaos with voter rolls during elections.
Georgia is especially vulnerable to such disruption, as the entire state relies on antiquated touchscreen voting machines that provide no hardcopy record of votes, making it all but impossible to tell if anyone has manipulated the tallies.
The true dimensions of the failure were first reported Wednesday by Politico Magazine . The affected Center for Election Systems referred all questions to its host, Kennesaw State University, which declined comment. In March, the university had mischaracterized the flaw's discovery as a security breach.
Logan Lamb, a 29-year-old Atlanta-based private security researcher formerly with Oak Ridge National Laboratory, made the discovery last August. They told The Associated Press they decided to go public after the publication last week of a classified National Security Agency report describing a sophisticated scheme, allegedly by Russian military intelligence, to infiltrate local U.S. elections systems using phishing emails.
The NSA report offered the most detailed account yet of an attempt by foreign agents to probe the rickety and poorly funded U.S. elections system. The Department of Homeland Security had previously reported attempts last year to gain unauthorized access to voter registration databases in 20 states – one of which, in Illinois, succeeded, though the state says no harm resulted.
It also emboldened Lamb to come forward with their findings. Lamb discovered the security hole – a misconfigured server – one day as they did a search of the Kennesaw State election-systems website. There, they found a directory open to the internet that contained not just the state voter database, but PDF files with instructions and passwords used by poll workers to sign in to a central server used on Election Day, said Lamb.
“It was an open invitation to anybody pretending to even know a little bit about computers to get into the system,” said Marilyn Marks, an election-transparency activist whose Colorado-based foundation participated in a failed lawsuit that sought to bar the use of paperless voting machines in next week's election.
The directory of files “was already indexed by Google,” Lamb said in an interview – meaning that anyone could have found it with the right search. Lamb said they notified the center's director, Merle King, who assured them the hole would be patched and who asked to keep their discovery to himself.
Politico reported that the center never notified the secretary of state's office, which oversees elections and contracts with Kennesaw State to manage the technology part. The Associated Press left a phone message and sent email to King seeking comment but they did not immediately respond.
Lamb said they decided not to disclose the problem at the time – mostly because they “didn't want to needlessly escalate things” prior to the Nov. 8 general election. But in March, a security colleague Lamb had told about the flaw, checked out the center's website and discovered that the vulnerabilities had only been partially fixed.
“We were both pretty floored,” said Lamb.
The researcher, Chris Grayson, said he, too, was able to access the same voter record database and other sensitive files in a publicly accessible directory. Grayson contacted a friend who is a professor at Kennesaw State. Two days later, the FBI was called in to investigate.
It did not bring charges against either researcher, finding no evidence of illegal entry . “At the end of the day we were doing what we thought was in the best interest of the republic – informing the parties that needed to be privy to this sort of issue,” said Grayson.
The special election next Tuesday will fill the seat vacated by Republican Tom Price after they were named Health and Human Services Secretary. It has attracted national attention, including that of President Donald Trump, for whom it could be a bellwether.
First-time candidate Jon Ossoff is a Democrat with a national security background. Their GOP opponent is former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel.
Comments
comments
EAGAN, Minn. — The Minnesota Vikings made a splash on the free agent market last month, with their fully guaranteed contract for quarterback Kirk Cousins and the signing of defensive tackle Sheldon Richardson for another instant upgrade for the starting lineup.
There's another addition coming, too.
Running back Dalvin Cook, their promising rookie season cut painfully short at four games because of a torn ACL in their left knee , has passed the six-month mark in their rehabilitation and remains on track for full action when training camp begins.
He'll be a limited participant in practices this spring and minicamp, head athletic trainer Eric Sugarman said, and has impressed the team at each stage of their recovery. There's no reason why they won't be ready to play in the season opener on Sept. 9.
"Dalvin's knocked the rehab out of the park," Sugarman said. "He's done a great job. He's been here every day since the injury occurred, post-surgery."
The Vikings started their off-season workout program last week at their sparkling new training facility, with state-of-the-art equipment that certainly hasn't hurt Cook's quest to come back as the same dual-threat player who was briefly on display last season after being drafted in the second round out of Florida State .
Cook took part in strength and conditioning activities on the indoor turf with the rest of their teammates on Tuesday, when the Vikings opened a portion of the workout to reporters.
"You've got to trust yourself and know that you did everything in your power to get your knee back to where it's at," Cook said.
"I attacked this thing every day, and I did what I needed to do to get to this point, so I had no doubt when I first touched the field that it was where I wanted to be at."
Cook had reconstructive surgery on Oct. 9. The first two weeks were the toughest part, with Sugarman pushing hard on their knee in the early struggle to regain that critical range of motion in the joint.
Villa Park has tapped the director of a county agency to run City Hall.
Steve Franks, 58 of Brea, will assume the city manager role starting March 8.
Director of OC Community Resources since 2008, Franks brings more than 30 years of local government experience to the role.
A graduate of UCLA, Franks started in the early ‘80s as an intern with the county. They climbed to budget manager, analyst manager, chief of staff for Supervisor Jim Silva and director of administrative services with the Orange County Health Department.
Franks is married with three children ages 8, 11 and 12. He's been a YMCA board member and volunteer basketball coach, among myriad other smaller community roles.
“Community is very important to me. I understand the value of community and the value of responsibility,” Franks said. “I understand the tremendous place that Villa Park is – it's all of those things wrapped in to one. It's a wonderful place to work, so I'm excited.”
In their early days on the job, Franks said they expect to spend much of their time listening, learning and meeting new people. He's particularly excited, they said, to get to know the city's residents – something previous city managers have done thoroughly.
Franks' hiring concludes a four-month search that began in October when previous city manager Jared Hildenbrand left to manage La Habra Heights. In December, the city was prepared to hire Jessica Binnquist, deputy city manager of Alhambra, but a Binnquist turned down the job after a last-minute contract change by the City Council.
Since Hildenbrand took up the job, the city manager has pulled double duty as city clerk.
The city will pay Franks a base salary of $127,000.
Contact the writer: jwinslow@scng.com
Wall Street's long campaign to chip away at the toughest trading restriction imposed on banks after the financial crisis is finally paying off under President Donald Trump.
The Federal Reserve Board, now led by Trump appointees, is set to take the most concrete step yet to roll back the Volcker Rule, which was key to Washington's efforts to make the industry safer after the 2008 meltdown. The Fed's vote, scheduled for Wednesday, would kick off an administrative process aimed at significantly reducing compliance costs for financial firms.
The rule is meant to bar banks with federally-backed deposit insurance from suffering out-sized losses by restricting their ability to bet with their own capital. Financial firms have said the rule is unnecessarily complex and almost impossible to adhere to.
Trump-appointed regulators have shown a greater willingness to listen to such grievances, and are set to propose a revamp that would give banks more leeway to presume their trades comply with the rule.
“The objective behind this proposal is straightforward: simplifying and tailoring the Volcker rule in light of our experience with the rule in practice,” said Randal Quarles, the Fed's point man on bank regulation. “This is a goal that is shared among all five agencies and among policymakers at those agencies with many different backgrounds.”
Quarles, appointed by President Donald Trump, also stressed that the revisions weren't just a rollback by the new administration, saying they were “the fruit of long and shared experience” and not “assumptions of a few recently appointed individuals.”
Over the next week, agencies including the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. are expected to also propose the changes. With legislative changes difficult to get through a politically divided Congress, regulators have been crucial to Trump's drive to dial back constraints like Volcker that impact the U.S.'s biggest banks.
Volcker, named for former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker, banned what's known as proprietary trading — the practice of banks investing for their own benefit rather than buying or selling securities to fulfill requests from customers. It also restricted lenders from investing in hedge funds and private-equity firms.
The proposed changes, which would be opened up for public comment for 60 days, would “broadly simplify and tailor” the rule without negatively affecting the safety of banks, according to a summary of the plan.
The proposal calls for the removal of an assumption included in the original rule that positions lenders hold for fewer than 60 days are proprietary. Meanwhile, the plan would scrap a component of the test for determining whether a trade is for a bank's account. It would be replaced with new criteria based on how the bank accounts for the trades, according to the summary.
Regulators are also proposing to make it easier to take advantage of exemptions, such as one that gives banks broad flexibility to execute trades that serve as hedges against potential losses. Banks now have to submit continuous and precise documentation to prove they are hedging, requirements they say are unreasonable.
The plan also calls for modifying exemptions that banks can seek for underwriting and market-making activity, according to the summary. Specifically, the plan would loosen the requirements for firms to take advantage of exemptions for activities “designed not to exceed reasonably expected near term demand of clients, customers, or counterparties.”The proposal also seeks to ease the impact of the rule on foreign banks' operations outside the U.S.
Fed Governor Lael Brainard, who worked at the Treasury Department during the Obama administration when the Dodd-Frank law was passed, said they supported the changes. The proposal, they noted, will ensure that the “core” of the regulation — prohibiting banks from speculative trading — is maintained.
“While the purpose of the Volcker rule is compelling, our experience with its implementation over the past few years suggests that the interagency rule has turned out to be needlessly cumbersome in practice,” they said in remarks prepared for a Fed meeting to consider proposing the changes.
While banks will likely welcome the changes, the revamp isn't expected to trigger a return of proprietary trading or prompt lenders to rehire some of the high-flying investors who fled for hedge funds after the financial crisis. A full repeal of Volcker is seen as improbable, because it would require an act of Congress.
Regulators generally give the public months to weigh in on their proposals to overhaul rules, and then must hold a second round of votes to make changes binding.
Quarles, the vice chairperson of supervision, said the plan was a “best, first effort” at simplifying the complex regulation. More tweaks may be in the offing.
“I view this proposal as an important milestone in comprehensive Volcker rule reform, but not the completion of our work,” Quarles said.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--The global cobalt sulfate market is expected to post a CAGR of close to 14% during the period 2018-2022, according to the latest market research report by .
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005154/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global cobalt sulfate market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
A key factor driving the growth of the market is the increasing demand for EVs which is expected to boost the market for lithium-ion batteries during the forecast period. Cobalt sulfate is mainly used in batteries. Therefore, the growth of the battery market is expected to directly drive the global cobalt sulfate market during the forecast period.
This market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook during the forecast period. Technavio classifies an emerging trend as a major factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
In this report, Technavio highlights the discovery of primary cobalt mines as one of the key emerging trends in the global cobalt sulfate market:
Global cobalt sulfate market: Discovery of primary cobalt mines
New cobalt mines are being discovered to meet the low supply of cobalt. With the increasing demand for EVs and energy storage devices, the demand for nickel, cobalt, and aluminum lithium-ion battery is increasing. This is leading to a higher demand for cobalt. However, the prices of cobalt have been increasing owing to the low supply of the metal. Many mining firms in Canada have identified new sources of cobalt and many primary cobalt projects are gaining attention. Similarly, eCobalt is developing the Idaho Cobalt Project, which is the only advanced primary cobalt development project in the US.
“Another trend is the recycling and cobalt recovery to meet the increasing demand for cobalt. Manufacturers are looking for different methods to meet the growing demand for cobalt and one such emerging technology is electrowin. It is one of the best ways of recovering cobalt from low-concentration solutions,” says a senior analyst at Technavio.
Global cobalt sulfate market: Segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the global cobalt sulfate market by application (battery, pigments, and others), and geographical regions (APAC, EMEA, and the Americas).
The battery segment dominated the market with a share of close to 83%, which is expected to increase by over 2% during the forecast period. The market share of the other two segments namely pigments and others will decrease by 2022.
APAC led the market in 2017 with close to 66% of the market share in 2017, followed by EMEA and the Americas respectively. The market in APAC is expected to exhibit the highest increase in its market share over the forecast period while EMEA and the Americas are expected to see a decline in their market share.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Some of the key topics covered in the report include:
Market Landscape
Market ecosystem Market characteristics Market segmentation analysis
Market Sizing
Market sizing Market size and forecast
Five Forces Analysis
Market Segmentation
Geographical Segmentation
Regional comparison Key leading countries
Market Drivers
Market Challenges
Market Trends
Vendor Landscape
Vendors covered Vendor classification Market positioning of vendors Competitive scenario
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005154/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM EUROPE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS NATURAL RESOURCES MINING/MINERALS
SOURCE: Technavio
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 09:04 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 09:04 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005154/en
NEW YORK (AP) — Massive ships carrying thousands of people have gotten all the headlines in cruising in recent years. But there's also been a boom in small ships, river cruises and what's known as expedition cruising on ships designed to sail in places like the polar regions.
Smaller ships often emphasize more upscale, personalized service and more of a focus on sightseeing in the destination than big ships, which can feel like floating cities.
Ten new river ships are launching this year from brands like AmaWaterways, Crystal Cruises, Uniworld and Tauck. New expedition ships, designed for cruising polar regions and other places with spectacular scenery or environmental challenges, are coming out from Ponant and Scenic Luxury Tours & Cruises.
MELCROFT, Pa. (AP) — The father of one of four people gunned down by a woman's jealous ex-boyfriend says the shooter had an altercation with their son at a bar hours before the deadly rampage.
Scott Porterfield tells the Tribune Review he's seen security footage from Tall Cedars lounge in Donegal, about 50 miles (80 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh, that shows the shooter placing their hand on their son Billy Porterfield's shoulder early Sunday morning.
They say a staff member asked Timothy Smith to leave.
Police say Smith soon after shot and killed Porterfield and three others at a self-serve car wash.
Twenty-five-year-old Chelsie Cline, 23-year-old Courtney Snyder and 21-year-old Seth Cline were killed, while another woman survived with minor injuries.
Porterfield's wife says that Chelsie Cline became involved with Porterfield last week.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Donegal is southeast of Pittsburgh, not southwest.
___
Information from: Tribune-Review, http://triblive.com
Australia's Speedo swimwear for next year's Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast has been unveiled at the Queensland Swimming Championships in Brisbane.
The swimwear will be worn by Australian swimmers and divers at Gold Coast 2018.
Cameron McEvoy, the double Olympic and Commonwealth Games medallist, was among the athletes who modelled the "fastskin" racing suits at the event at the Brisbane Aquatic Centre.
McEvoy was joined by fellow Commonwealth Games gold medallists Emma McKeon, Mack Horton and Brit Elmslie and Jake Packard, who won an Olympic bronze at last year's Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Divers Maddison Keeney and Domonic Bedggood, along with up and coming swim stars Clyde Lewis and Minna Atherton, also displayed the swimwear.
"Speedo and the Australian Commonwealth Games team have a long history of success together," Commonwealth Games Australia chief executive Craig Phillips said.
Cameron McEvoy was among the swimmers to model the Gold Coast 2018 swimwear ©Getty Images
"Speedo swimwear has been worn to success by so many Australian athletes in the pool at Commonwealth Games.
“We look forward to that success continuing at Gold Coast 2018, with memorable performances from our swimming and diving teams.
“The Speedo team has done a wonderful job creating a uniquely Australian design that our athletes can wear proudly in front of a passionate home crowd."
The swimwear is due to go on sale to the Australian public in February, two months prior to the Commonwealth Games, which run from April 4 to 15.
"The solar burst design is perfect for a game in Queensland the Sunshine state," said McKeon.
"I really like that the training suit design is also part of a replica range so that all swimmers can wear the same as their favourite Aussie athlete just like they can with their favorite team sports."
By Radio.com Staff
Future's Coachella set on Saturday night (April 15) attracted a lot of superstar fans; the V.I.P. section was filled with Travis Scott, Wiz Khalifa, G-Eazy, A$AP Rocky, Solange, Tyga, Katy Perry and Play.it podcaster Amber Rose were all there.
Related: Concert Review: Drake and Future Bring ‘Summer Sixteen' to New York
A few even joined Future on stage; Migos joined for “Bad and Boujee,” and soon after, Future's collaborator and one-time tourmate Drake joined for a three-song set, starting with “Jumpman.” And predictably, the Coachella crowd went crazy.
Watch the video below.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
6:05 p.m.
Missouri Lt. Gov. Mike Parson says he's planning a private swearing-in ceremony to take over after Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Greitens is resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Parson will take their place as governor. Both are Republicans who won separate races for their respective offices in 2016.
Parson says he's planning a private ceremony Friday because of time constraints. They said he'll plan a public event later.
Parson says he'll be working for the rest of the week and weekend on their transition to the state's top executive. They say he'll have discussions later about how the open lieutenant governor's seat should be handled.
___
5:30 p.m.
A former Missouri Supreme Court chief justice says a prosecutor's agreement to drop a criminal case against Gov. Eric Greitens following their resignation is "a good result for him."
Michael Wolff said Wednesday that it's possible that Greitens supporters were counting Missouri House votes on their impeachment and concluded they couldn't avoid it. Greitens plans to step down Friday.
Wolff also is a retired Saint Louis University law school dean. They said Greitens will leave office admitting to "doing nothing" and it's possible that in six months that they will say a "liberal cabal" pushed them out.
Wolff also said it's "surprising" that the agreement would protect the prosecutor and their staff from being sued over their actions.
They said, "I don't know if I've ever seen that."
___
4 p.m.
A former federal prosecutor says that an agreement to drop a criminal case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens when they resigned is a "fair resolution" to the case.
Jean Paul Bradshaw II said Wednesday that the St. Louis city prosecutor's office accomplished the "greatest public benefit" it could with Greitens' departure from office. Bradshaw is a Kansas City attorney who served as U.S. attorney for western Missouri in 1989-93.
Greitens plans to step down Friday. Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner agreed to drop a felony charge of computer data tampering. The charge accused Greitens of improperly suing a donor list for a charity they founded for their 2016 campaign.
Bradshaw said Greitens' resignation makes the agreement to drop the case appropriate because the state can "get back to doing business."
___
1 p.m.
A St. Louis judge has agreed to dismiss a felony computer data tampering case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Circuit Judge Rex Burlison on Wednesday approved an agreement reached by Greitens' attorneys and the St. Louis circuit attorney's office. Greitens announced their resignation on Tuesday. It is effective 5 p.m. Friday.
The dismissal agreement has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner and everyone in their office from civil liability.
Greitens also was indicted in February on invasion of privacy stemming from an alleged affair with their St. Louis hairdresser in 2015. The charge was dropped earlier this month. A special prosecutor is deciding whether to refile that case.
___
12:35 p.m.
A county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Gov. Eric Greitens and some of their staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem on Wednesday ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Greitens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and their top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports Beetem's ordered Pedroli and Thompson to present draft lists of the data on the phones by the end of the day.
Thompson had filed a motion seeking time to confer with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson about whether to continue to defend the case after Parson becomes governor Friday.
___
This story corrects the spelling of Greitens in one reference.
___
12:10 p.m.
A spokesperson for St. Louis' top prosecutor says the office agreed to drop a computer tampering charge against Gov. Eric Greitens after their attorneys suggested they would resign if the case was dismissed.
Susan Ryan, a spokesperson for Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, told The Associated Press that defense attorneys approached the office and Gardner agreed to their proposal.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." They didn't elaborate.
Martin says they expect a felony invasion of privacy charge against Greitens will be resolved soon as well. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile that charge.
___
This item corrects that Gardner agreed to the defense proposal.
___
11:30 a.m.
Defense attorney Jim Martin says he's happy "we've eliminated the issue" of the computer tampering charge against departing Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping that charge against Greitens. A special prosecutor is considering whether to refile an invasion of privacy charge against him. Martin says they think "we'll resolve that soon" but would not elaborate.
Martin says "it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal."
___
11:20 a.m.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt."
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping the computer tampering charge against Greitens, who is resigning on Friday. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile another criminal charge against him.
Gardner says they made the agreement to dismiss the computer charge after conversations with Greitens' attorneys. They say there was enough evidence to bring the charge but that if they were convicted, it's unlikely Greitens would have served any jail time due to their status as a first-time offender.
As for Greitens allegations of a witch hunt, Gardner said they reject their "shameful personal attacks" and "dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law."
___
11:05 a.m.
Missouri's top legislative leaders are meeting with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson to plan the transition in power when Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Parson met Wednesday with House Speaker Todd Richardson, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard and Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe.
The lawmakers said they have invited Parson to deliver a speech to a joint session of the Legislature in the coming weeks.
Greitens announced Tuesday that they were resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Among those meeting Wednesday with Parson was Sarah Steelman, Greitens' administration commissioner. Parson also was receiving enhanced security that is supplied to incoming governors.
___
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that they would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
___
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
They said Tuesday that their office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that they are resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted their grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest they would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that they are quitting with their mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LAGUNA BEACH Jason Allemann, principal of Dana Hills High School, will take over as Laguna Beach High School principal starting July 1.
The appointment was unanimously approved Tuesday by the Laguna Beach Unified School District Board of Education.
“I am honored and excited to work at such an innovative school and district that has an amazing network of support from the greater school community,” Allemann said in a statement. “I am eager to get to know the staff and students that make Laguna Beach High School a premier organization to work for and learn from.”
District officials said Allemann was selected in response to student, parent and staff surveys and their successful track record at Dana Hills High.
“The feedback I received from parents, students, and staff overwhelmingly focused on a principal who is visible on campus, focuses on continuous improvement and expanding educational opportunities for students, and has experience working in high performing schools,” said Superintendent Jason Viloria.
Allemann replaces Chris Herzfeld, who in April asked the school board for reassignment as a teacher. Herzfeld, who led the school for three years, will teach social studies at the high school in the fall, said Leisa Winston, assistant superintendent.
As principal, Herzfeld initiated programs to improve peer leadership and sportsmanship at athletic events. They started Link Crew, a program to make the transition to high school easier for freshmen. In the program, juniors and seniors acted as mentors to help freshmen develop ways to become more successful.
During that time, there were more students enrolled in AP classes, increases in ACT scores and the implementation of schoolwide testing, Winston said. Herzfeld was highly supportive of the athletics department, said Lance Neal, athletic director at the high school.
Allemann has more than 10 years experience as a high school principal. They were principal, assistant principal, and counselor in the Anaheim Union High School District before moving to Dana Hills, Winston said.
They earned a bachelor's degree from San Diego State University in psychology, a master's degree in social work from Cal State Long Beach and a doctorate in educational leadership from the USC.
Under Allemann's leadership, Dana Hills has expanded opportunities for students in career technical education industry pathways connected to the local community, Winston said.
They have experience working with students with diverse needs, including English Language Learners and special education, and has the knowledge, understanding and desire to support the success of all students, they said.
Seventeen immigrants were rescued from a stifling tractor-trailer in Texas on Sunday after being locked inside for as many as eight hours.
The undocumented immigrants were driven across the Mexican border before the tractor trailer stopped in Edinburg, Texas, according to police. Edinburg is about 20 miles north of the border.
Edinburg police said they received a call from Mexico reporting a relative was locked inside the trailer at about 11 a.m. on Sunday, ABC affiliate KRGV reported. Police said they found the trailer at a Flying J truck stop, knocked on the outside and heard a response. The immigrants had been inside the trailer for as long as eight hours, according to police.
The immigrants were from from Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras and Romania, KRGV reported.
None of the 17 people rescued from the truck required medical assistance, according to KRGV. Temperatures reached 102 degrees in Edinburg on Saturday.
Two suspects were taken into custody, according to police.
In a similar case, 10 illegal immigrants died in the back of a tractor trailer which was found parked at a San Antonio Walmart on July 23.
A "Celebration of Life" was held on Wednesday to remember the three women -- Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick, Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba -- who died at a veterans center in Yountville. At the memorial, Yountville Mayor John Dunbar said the three victims had an "unwavering commitment to helping others."
Bollywood actor Deepika Padukone, who recently won millions of hearts after their beautiful portrayal of Queen Padmavati in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's periodic drama Padmaavat, is overwhelmed after receiving a heartfelt note and flowers from none other than megastar and living legend Amitabh Bachchan.
In Bollywood, receiving awards and rewards is a common thing but it is something big when the living legend Amitabh Bachchan praises an actor for their work. It is indeed a very special moment for them when they receive a note or flowers from the megastar for their contribution to the cinema and their breakthrough performance in a film. The same happened with Padmaavat actor Deepika Padukone, who was overwhelmed on receiving a handwritten note and flowers from the superstar. Deepika Padukone, who played the role of Queen Padmavati in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's periodic drama Padmaavat, took to their Instagram account to share Amitabh Bachchan's note and flowers and wrote, “there are awards…there are rewards…& then there is THIS!Thank You Baba…🙏 @amitabhbachchan
Many Bollywood celebrities have praised Deepika Padukone for their phenomenal and flawless performance in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's magnum opus. Critics have also called their portrayal of Queen Padmini as one of the finest performances of their career. The film was released on January 25 this year. While ‘Padmavati' is Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone's third collaboration with Bhansali after Ram Leela and Bajirao Mastani, this movie marks Shahid's first movie with Bhansali. Directed by prominent Bollywood director Sanjay Leela Bhansali, the film was surrounded by a number of controversies ever since its inception.
One of the members of Karni Sena also announced reward money for anyone who would chop-off Deepika Padukone's nose if the film was released nationwide. They also threatened to behead filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali if at all the film was released. However, ever since its release, the film has been running successfully at the Box Office as well as overseas.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Back before Game of Thrones became the surprise juggernaut hit of the decade on HBO, fans of the books used to debate what format would serve best for an adaptation. Beyond those that used to say it just couldn't be done, a popular suggestion used to be turning it into an anime. Japanese cartoons tend to have less of an issue with violence, nudity, or a show that requires 50+ episodes of brooding characters questioning their life choices. Plus you can have as much dragon and direwolf action as you want without breaking the bank!
The idea never got further than internet forums (unless one of the five upcoming spin-offs is going to surprise us), so we'll have to settle for this instead: a fan-made imagining of the opening credits, done in the style of classic over the top animes like Naruto and Bleach. This video captures the best and worst from anime's often overwrought delivery, from the pensive shots of all your favorite Game of Thrones characters to shoehorned English like ‘Winter hating love!' and ‘Sex is free!'
LONDON (AP) — London police are considering a variety of criminal charges related to the June fire at Grenfell Tower that killed 71 people.
Police told an inquiry Monday that the possible charges include misconduct in public office, manslaughter, corporate manslaughter and breaches of fire safety regulation.
No one has yet been charged.
Jeremy Johnson, the lawyer representing the police at the inquiry, said the scope of the police investigation was "unprecedented" in a case that did not involve an extremist attack.
They said police are studying 31 million documents and 2,500 exhibits.
Johnson spoke at a hearing spelling out how a detailed inquiry into the disaster will be carried out.
Officials say the goal is to make sure there is never a repeat of the catastrophe.
14:47 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 EU: Safe to send Eritreans home Read more
European Union report says it's safe to send Eritreans home, returnees face no consequences. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Ilya Ilyin, stripped of Olympic gold medals at the Beijing 2008 and London 2012, will return to the sport in June and is aiming to compete at Tokyo 2020.
Ilyin, from Kazakhstan, said, "I'm still young, I'm 29 years old, at the height of my sporting career.
"I really want to return to the sport – this is my priority.”
They spoke of their desire to return to competition as soon as possible, though Kazakhstan is suspended from weightlifting until next October and Ilyin's hopes of competing in the Asian Games in Indonesia in August seem sure to be dashed.
"If I win, I'll go further," they told the today.kz website.
"I'm very happy that this has all finally passed."
The Weightlifting Federation of the Republic of Kazakhstan (WFRK) announced the news of Ilyin's suspension yesterday.
Ilyin was suspended for two years from June 10 in 2016, said WFRK, which had supported all eight of its athletes who tested positive in the retesting of samples from Beijing 2008 and London 2012, conducted by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The WFRK had worked with lawyers, sports law specialists and laboratory analysts in contesting the retest findings, it said, and because of their support Ilyin "has managed to keep all their non-Olympic achievements, prizes and awards".
Ilyin, who set many world records, was a world champion four times, a double Asian Games winner, and a multiple world weightlifter of the year.
Ilya Ilyin will return to weightlifting in June and is aiming to compete at Tokyo 2020 ©Getty Images
They last competed in December 2015, at the President's Cup in Grozny, Russia, where they broke two world records at 105kg, the weight at which they would have competed at Rio 2016 had they not been suspended.
Their image is used to promote the WFRK's website despite the positives, and they remain close to the President of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev.
In an interview for the Kazakhstan edition of Men's Health in November, Ilyin said they had suffered depression during the summer, when they were going through a divorce from their wife and had been constantly talking to lawyers in Switzerland.
"It was very difficult, I had a very heavy head," they said.
On Sunday they said: "To all the people who supported me, I am very grateful.
"Thanks to Nursultan Nazarbayev, the people, the Weightlifting Federation, we did a good job."
In recent months Ilyin has spent a lot of time in the United States and London, improving their English and giving informal advice to recreational weightlifters.
Four of the eight Kazakhs who were positive in the IOC retests won gold medals, all of them subsequently disqualified: Ilyin - twice at 94kg - plus London 2012 women's winners Zulfiya Chinshanlo at 53kg, Maiya Maneza at 63kg, and Svetlana Podobedova at 75kg.
Two of the eight were positive at both Beijing 2008 and London 2012 - Ilyin and Maneza, who did not make a total in 2008.
Kazakhstan's Zulfiya Chinshanlo is among several weightlifters stripped of medals after retests London 2012 ©Getty Images
Maneza, 32, and Chinshanlo, 24, were also banned for two years, announced in May, but Pobobedova had an eight-year ban, having tested positive in 2006 when they competed for Russia.
The standard ban for retest positives appears to be two years, while athletes who have been sanctioned for other offences by the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) face longer suspensions.
News of Ilyin's return comes five days after the IOC put weightlifting "on probation", and called for a further report on progress in its battle against doping in the sport.
Weightlifting provided 49 positives in the IOC's retests, 10 of them from Kazakhstan, which is one of the nations identified by the IWF as a "high-risk" country that has "historically featured a disproportionately high incidence of doping".
The IWF was asked last June to deliver a first report to the IOC by December, which it did 12 days ago.
It must provide another by June.
The IWF has adopted a new, hardline approach that includes the handing over of its anti-doping programme to an Independent Testing Authority.
Tamas Ajan, the IWF president, said last week: "We have started a new chapter in weightlifting's history and there is no looking back.
"In the period between now and the IOC Executive Board meeting in July 2018 and beyond, the IWF will continue to introduce every possible measure to protect clean weightlifters."
It's downright ironic to see a staging of “Follies” during Valentine's Day week, for most of the love portrayed in Stephen Sondheim and James Goldman's 1971 Broadway musical has gone sour.
The show is Sondheim's solemn nudge-wink toward the show-biz world, and it's a sure bet they see that world as hollow and superficial, capable of yielding only bitterness, sadness and regret – qualities imbued in their characters.
Those qualities come out in full force in One More Productions' staging of the show's “concert” version, directed by Damien Lorton with a sharp and knowing eye toward the follies and foibles of the story's characters.
The women who comprised the “Weismann Follies” circa 1941 reunite in 1971, gathering inside the soon-to-be demolished Weismann Theater, where ghosts of their younger selves appear at key moments in the action – and occasionally confront their current, older selves.
Though Sondheim and Goldman introduce us to a long list of characters, two married couples with emotionally and psychologically entangled romantic histories are the focus: The Plummers, Buddy (Lorton) and Sally (Adriana Sanchez), and the Stones, Ben (Tom Patrick) and Phyllis (Claire Perry).
The reunion of the quartet stirs unsettling memories of their youthful affairs – interactions and reactions that play out again in the present.
Lorton's staging potently communicates the show's themes: chiefly, the tenuous, fragile nature of love and the fleeting nature of life. OMP's Gem Theater staging reflects the double meaning of the show's title, and by putting the folly and foolishness of the “Follies” characters on full display, it creates something almost wrenchingly painful to witness.
“Follies” puts any cast through its paces, requiring pitch-perfect acting, vocals and dancing – and Lorton's entire cast is more than up to the task. Lorton, Sanchez, Patrick and Perry and their younger counterparts (Nicole Cassesso as Sally, Colby Hamann as Buddy, Bodrero as Ben and Ashley Montgomery as Phyllis) serve up the intended angst.
Notable among a bevy of outstanding supporting performances are Beth Hansen's resilient Carlotta, whose tour-de-force solo in the anthemic “I'm Still Here” expresses the character's cynicism, savvy, and sense of self-preservation, and Shannon Page, whose bold charisma as Hattie is best seen in the jazzy, bluesy '30s-style number “Broadway Baby.”
The songs provide audiences some of Sondheim's most ingenious, innovative and resourceful lyrics, and conductor Kevin Homma and the onstage 20-piece band expertly handle the variegated musical genres of Sondheim's challenging score.
The musical number “Who's That Woman?” (the so-called “mirror number”) is among the production's most stunning, as the current Weismann Girls and their younger selves execute choreographer Shauna Bradford and Heather Holt-Smith's rigorous dance routines.
The second half of Act Two, from the gaudy “Loveland” number through to the finale, projects a series of scathing, savage looks at the principal quartet, past and present, as the chief folly of each is mercilessly revealed in a succession of brilliantly staged, superbly sung musical numbers.
Visually, elegance and formality are the watchwords: Larry Watts' incredibly opulent costumes draw from a palette of black, white and silver, fixing the story in the movie industry's Golden Age, while set designer Wally Huntoon's partial spiral staircases, which anchor both ends of the stage, seem to recede into the past, serving as portals that allow the story's youthful ghosts access to the present.
Contact the writer: emarchesewriter@gmail.com
Brooklyn rapper Fabolous, 40, and Love And Hip Hop reality TV star Emily B, 37, were reportedly seen together at the Coachella Festival, despite the fact that they allegedly assaulted them not even a month prior.
Fabolous can be seen holding hands with a woman in a clip obtained by The Shade Room. While it's unclear if the woman is actually Emily, several fans took to Twitter to claim that they had seen the two together. Check out the video clip that people think shows Fabolous and Emily B back together, and judge for yourself!
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians, collected by Wendy Pearlman. Donate to order this gift now!
"A beacon of hope in the darkest of times." -- Sarah Jaffe. Donate to order this gift now!
Mr. Trump's demands are likely to be met with deep skepticism in Beijing.
President Xi Jinping is in the midst of an effort to strengthen laws on patents, copyrights and trademarks, giving fledgling firms in China new sources of revenue and prestige. The country is also pursuing an ambitious plan, called Made in China 2025, to become a global leader in areas like robotics and medical technology and kick off the next phase of China's development. The efforts reflect the view of Chinese officials that controlling global technologies and standards is on par with building military muscle.
Zhang Ping, a scholar of trade law at Peking University in Beijing, said the West had long used intellectual property laws as a “spear and shield” against Chinese companies, hurting their profits at home and blocking access to foreign markets. Now, they said, it is time for China to fight back.
“If you want to enter our market to cooperate, it's fine,” Ms. Zhang said, “but you can't grab us by the neck and not let us grow.”
Trademarks and patents protect companies and inventors, compensating them for their time, ideas and investment. While poorer countries have throughout history worked to obtain inventions from wealthier nations, sometimes running afoul of intellectual property laws, China has rewritten the playbook for acquiring advanced technology.
Since Deng Xiaoping, as leader, opened the Chinese economy to the outside world nearly four decades ago, the country has made it a priority to obtain ideas and inspiration from overseas.
Photo
Sometimes it has reverse-engineered what it wants. United States officials say that Chinese companies have also carried out extensive economic espionage through cyberattacks and other means. (Chinese officials have denied those charges.) More recently, China has used its growing wealth to buy into cutting-edge technologies, like genetically modified crops and the latest innovations from American start-ups, and to attract promising talent.
But since those early days, China has relied heavily on one tried-and-true method: forming joint ventures with foreign partners. Big-name companies like I.B.M. and Qualcomm are required to share advanced technology and research with domestic firms in order to set up shop in China. And to entice partners, the country offers access to its enormous market and hundreds of millions of consumers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Joint ventures helped China build whole industries out of scratch. After using them to explore high-speed rail technology, Chinese firms now dominate the global industry.
Chinese experts say those moves are simply smart deal-making, not violations of intellectual property laws, allowing the country to harness its leverage as the world's second largest economy to win practical knowledge.
But now China's efforts are moving beyond routine manufacturing into cutting-edge technologies — and the Trump administration has denounced the arrangements as coercive.
In April, the Office of the United States Trade Representative accused China of “widespread infringing activity,” including stealing trade secrets, tolerating rampant online piracy and exporting counterfeit goods.
Chinese commentators see hypocrisy in American criticism, noting that the United States was once one of the world's leading pirates, when it worked to challenge British industrial dominance after the American Revolution by obtaining designs for inventions like steam-powered looms. The state-run news media has highlighted the case of Samuel Slater, often called the father of the American industrial revolution, who brought British textile designs to the United States in the late 1700s.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Still, as China comes up with its own innovations, the country's leaders are embracing stricter laws on patents, copyrights and trademarks.
The government has created specialized courts to handle intellectual property disputes and awarded subsidies to entrepreneurs who file patent applications. In 2015, more than a million were filed, a record amount.
Li Jian, a vice president of Beijing East IP, a Chinese law firm, said mainland companies increasingly saw strong intellectual property protections as a tool to help protect inventions and earn royalties overseas.
“Many Chinese companies have realized that through patent protection they can gain an advantage in the market,” Mr. Li said. “They have more faith now in the Chinese government to protect their intellectual property.”
Photo
The rules have also benefited some foreign firms. New Balance won a landmark case this year against a Chinese company that used its signature slanting “N” logo. China's highest court last year gave Michael Jordan the rights to Chinese characters of theirs name.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Enforcement is still inconsistent, experts say. Local officials are often reluctant to aid foreign companies, worried about jeopardizing tax revenues from homegrown companies.
The Made in China 2025 initiative is a key reason the country is improving intellectual property rights. The plan focuses on sectors like electric cars, robotics, semiconductors and artificial intelligence.
By forcing foreign companies to hand over more technology and encouraging local companies to make new products based on that technology, Chinese leaders hope to cement the country's dominance in critical fields. They also see an opportunity to dictate the terms of the future development of technology and extract licensing fees from foreign firms that use Chinese-made technology.
Several trade organizations and governments have said the plan is protectionist. Some have called for reciprocity, arguing that the United States should impose on Chinese companies the same restrictions China places on foreign companies.
“There is an unmistakable national policy to boost the position of Chinese companies in cutting-edge areas,” said William P. Alford, a Harvard law professor and an expert on Chinese intellectual property laws.
Chinese experts have defended the strategy.
“To become an adult, you have to accumulate knowledge,” said Professor Zhang, of Peking University. “It's the same for a country.”
As China's power has grown, Chinese companies have started using intellectual property laws to fend off foreign rivals.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When the United States International Trade Commission last year began investigating Chic Intelligent Technology Company, a manufacturer of self-balancing scooters based in the eastern city of Hangzhou, the company's executives fought back. The commission was looking into claims that Chic had copied product designs of a California-based competitor, Razor USA.
Chic filed retaliatory lawsuits against American competitors, adopting many of the tactics that American companies have used for years to hobble Chinese competitors. The trade commission has since declined to ban imports of the Chic scooters. The lawsuit against Razor USA remains unresolved, according to Chic.
Chic made clear that it saw the investigation as an effort by the United States to use intellectual property laws to bully Chinese companies. In a statement, the company's leaders compared American regulators to Japanese invaders during World War II.
“The crazier the enemy,” the statement said, “the more we need to prove the necessity of our siege.”
With SaaS, the customer does not purchase a tangible object and does not download software to their system. Instead, they are accessing the software only via remote access. According to SearchCloudComputing.com, there are two common models for SaaS:
Hosted application management (Host AM): The software is hosted with the vendor and the customer accesses it via the Internet. Software on demand: Customers get “network-based access to a single copy of an application created specifically for SaaS distribution.”
According to TaxFoundation.org in a January, 2014 article, “states tax some kinds of software and exempt others, based on whether it is customized or off-the-shelf and whether it is on CD or downloaded.” Obviously, this is far more complex with SaaS and cloud computing, but retailers can take some concrete steps to determine if the services they sell are taxable.
BERLIN (AP) — German authorities say they have raided the apartments of four Islamic clerics suspected of spying on opponents of the Turkish government.
The federal prosecutors' office said the Wednesday morning raids in the states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Rheinland-Palatinate were carried out to collect evidence; no arrests were made. The unidentified targets are suspected of spying on supporters of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who is accused by the Turkish government of orchestrating a July 15 coup.
Prosecutors say the four men were affiliated with the DITIB, the union of Turkish-Islamic cultural organizations in Germany, but refused to give further details.
An Austrian lawmaker this week said information indicates Turkish diplomatic offices around the world are gathering information to try to undermine organizations loyal to Gulen, who denies involvement in the coup.
Sinegugu Sikhakhane stares at their reflection in the mirror of their bedroom, testing the makeup they will wear for their engagement party – a celebration of a proposal not made to her, or even with my knowledge.
Ms. Sikhakhane was a third-year university student when their boyfriend approached their family to ask for their hand in marriage, sealing their future with a cash payment. They were not part of the conversation.
They wouldn't get married for four years, when a bride price, paid in cattle, would be due, but no other man could ask to marry them
Recommended: Canvas cities: Does the world need a new model for refugee camps?
“I didn't choose – my family chose for me,” says Sikhakhane, a 22-year-old university graduate, pulling on their denim jacket and shaking loose their thick black hair.
“I love my fiancé. I do love him, but I wasn't ready for marriage. Now because they have already gone to my family, I have no choice,” they say.
Similar traditions, in which a groom's family makes a payment in livestock or cash before a marriage can take place, are practiced across much of Africa, from Libya and Morocco to Zimbabwe and South Africa. Here, it is known as lobola. The custom is part of a rich, elaborate tradition around marriage in some ethnic groups, one that has the power to forge bonds, supporters say. Critics, however, say it commoditizes women, thus disempowering them.
Many young women say they respect the traditions of their cultures, but chafe at a transaction that treats them as a commodity and binds them to a life commitment without their consent. They're addressing this in a variety of ways, from cohabiting to avoid traditional marriage and lobola altogether, to fighting legal battles to abolish lobola.
“We have the power to make decisions and we respect our culture,” says Sihle Hlophe, a documentary filmmaker living in Johannesburg. “When we question our culture it doesn't mean that we want to do away with it completely.”
Ms. Hlophe is working on a film due out in 2019, “Lobola: A Bride's True Price,” that explores the tension women face juggling choices about their lives and the pressure of customs. It tracks their own dilemma as they navigate the expectations of community and family while pursuing personal goals – something they say creates a “huge conflict.”
Some are taking up the issue in court. In Zimbabwe, Harare lawyer Priccilar Vengesai has asked the constitutional court to abolish lobola, or if that fails, to rule that the obligation to make a lobola payment might apply to either the bride or groom's family.
Ms. Vengesai said the terms of their previous marriages objectified them
“This whole scenario reduced me to a property, whereby a price tag was put on me by my uncles, and my husband paid,” they told Zimbabwe's Herald newspaper. “This demoralized me, and automatically subjected me to my husband's control, since I would always feel that I was purchased.”
Ms. Vengesai is not the first to make a legal challenge. A Ugandan court rejected an appeal to ban the practice but ruled that men can't ask for a refund in case of divorce. Zimbabwe passed a law preventing parents from accepting payment for daughters under the age of 18.
The practice has its pluses, acknowledges Hlophe, citing the bond that is created between families through the negotiation process.
“They have robust discussion and they bond and they eat together. They say that the people who are a part of your negotiation party are the people you turn to when you have problems, or when you know you have something to celebrate,” they say. “From that moment on, you are forever family.”
However, Hlophe, who is struggling with whether to consent to a lobola arrangement, or press their future husband for a civil marriage, dislikes that the bride price today is often paid in cash rather than in cattle.
“Cattle is a social currency,” they say, and it has symbolic value in traditional society. “Now in some instances lobola has become largely about money, and how much the bride is worth. I don't want to be commoditized.”
In a contemporary urban setting, it's not always realistic to negotiate in terms of cattle. Entrepreneurs have developed apps to calculate the cash equivalent of the cattle price, allowing users to adjust for factors such as education, virginity, and skills. A price of 11 cows, or about $7,000, is considered fair for someone who has finished school and is a virgin, according to the Lobola Calculator app, which was created as a joke but is used by some men to estimate an offer. That's the price Sikhakhane's boyfriend agreed to pay them family.
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was grilled by police investigators for over three hours at their office Monday night, opening what could be a politically damaging criminal investigation into suspicions that they improperly accepted gifts.
Netanyahu has repeatedly denied wrongdoing, but the arrival of the national fraud squad indicated questions raised about them are considered serious enough to merit an investigation. Police said Netanyahu was questioned "under caution," a term signaling that they are a suspect.
Police spokesperson Luba Samri said Netanyahu was questioned on "suspicions they received benefits." They said there would be no further details released at this stage.
The police team did not speak to journalists, but Israeli media said they are looking into suspicions that Netanyahu inappropriately accepted expensive gifts from two business people. A black screen was had been placed in front of the building in apparent anticipation of the investigators' arrival and to obstruct the view of journalists seeking to film them.
Netanyahu has denied what they call "baseless" reports that they received inappropriate gifts, a point they reiterated at a meeting of their Likud faction earlier in the day.
"We've been paying attention to reports in the media, we are hearing the celebratory mood and the atmosphere in the television studios and the corridors of the opposition, and I would like to tell them, stop with the celebrations, don't rush," they said. "There won't be anything because there is nothing."
Israel's Channel 2 TV has said that Netanyahu accepted "favors" from business people in Israel and abroad and that they are the central suspect in a second investigation that also involves family members.
The newspaper Haaretz said billionaire Ronald Lauder, a longtime friend of Netanyahu's, was linked to the affair. Channel 10 TV has reported that Netanyahu's oldest son, Yair, accepted free trips and other gifts from Australian billionaire James Packer.
In October, Lauder was summoned by police for questioning "related to a certain investigation conducted by them and in which Mr. Lauder is not its subject matter," said Helena Beilin, Lauder's Israeli attorney. "After a short meeting, they were told that their presence is no longer required and that there shall be no further need for additional meetings."
Israel's Justice Ministry declined to comment.
A campaign is underway by Erel Margalit, an opposition lawmaker of the Zionist Union party, seeking for Netanyahu to be formally investigated over suspicions of prominent donors improperly transferring money for the prime minister's personal use as well as reports that Netanyahu's personal attorney represented a German firm involved in a $1.5 billion sale of submarines to Israel.
Netanyahu has long had an image as a cigar-smoking, cognac-drinking socialite, while their wife, Sara, has been accused of abusive behavior toward staff. Opponents have portrayed both as being out of touch with the struggles of average Israelis.
Over the years, reports have been released about the high cost of the Netanyahus' housekeeping expenses.
In one case, they were chided for spending $127,000 in public funds for a special sleeping cabin on a flight to London. Even their costly purchases of scented candles and pistachio-flavored ice cream have been derided.
The Netanyahus have denied any wrongdoing, and say they are the target of a witch hunt by the Israeli media.
This Fourth of July, one clever road sign is reminding revelers to make good choices as they let freedom ring."You're not a firework. Don't drive lit," read an electronic sign spotted by local resident Michael Meitz above Interstate 95 in Stafford County, Virginia.Though the message may seem fun and clever, it's an important one. Over the Fourth of July holiday in 2016, nearly 200 people were killed in crashes involving a driver with a blood alcohol concentration of .08 or higher, according to the Department of Transportation Before you begin to celebrate, choose a designated driver to get you home safely. Taxis and ride-sharing services are also an option to help you get home safely, and Lyft is offering 20 percent off one ride to help partiers stay safe. In many cities, local organizations are also facilitating programs that offer residents free rides home to keep the roads safe.
The United Nations is warning that the cholera outbreak in Yemen is depleting aid resources to the point they won't be able to provide food to the famine-stricken country through the summer.
Jamie McGoldrick, U.N. humanitarian chief in Yemen, said Thursday that 923 people have died of the disease and there are now 124,002 suspected cases. They say that number could double by September.
McGoldrick says battling cholera in the country beset by civil war has pulled resources away from work the agency is doing to battle famine and by September could cut into the food aid pipeline to the country, the Arab world's poorest nation.
Aid agencies have received $600 million of the $2.1 billion they estimate is needed to avert widespread starvation and death by treatable disease.
A man about the age of 60 has died in the collision of a truck and another vehicle on Golomb Street in Jerusalem.
The Magen David Adom emergency service took them to Hadassah Ein-Kerem Hospital where they were pronounced dead. The accident is under investigation.
Choi Soon-sil (C), jailed confidante of South Korean President Park Geun-hye -- their daughter Chung Yoo-Ra has been arrested in Denmark (AFP Photo/AHN Young-Joon)
Seoul (AFP) - The daughter of Choi Soon-Sil, the woman at the centre of a corruption scandal that led to the impeachment of South Korea's President, has been arrested in Denmark after months in hiding, Seoul prosecutors said Monday.
Chung Yoo-Ra, the 20-year-old daughter of the woman dubbed South Korea's "Rasputin", is one of the figures in the influence-peddling scandal that sparked massive street protests demanding the removal of President Park Geun-Hye.
Danish police arrested Chung Sunday night for overstaying their visa, Korean prosecutors said, adding they were in talks with Danish authorities to have them deported to Seoul.
Choi, a secret confidante of Park, is accused of using their ties with the president to force top firms including Samsung to "donate" nearly $70 million to non-profit foundations Choi then used as their personal ATMs.
 They are also accused of using their influence to secure their daughter's admission to an elite Seoul university, with a state probe revealing the school had admitted Chung at the expense of other candidates with better qualifications.
The revelation touched a raw nerve in education-obsessed South Korea and prosecutors sought to question Chung over their admission to Ewha Women's University in 2014.
Park stands accused of colluding with Choi to extract money from the firms and also of letting them meddle in state affairs including nominations of top officials, but the president denies all charges against them
Parliament voted on December 9 to impeach Park over the scandal and their executive powers have been handed to an acting president, Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-Ahn.
The impeachment case is being considered by the Constitutional Court -- which has up to six months to reach a ruling -- but hundreds of thousands of South Koreans have joined weekly protests calling for Park's immediate departure from office.
If the impeachment is confirmed, a presidential election will have to be held within 60 days.
Choi, daughter of a controversial religious figure who was close to Park until their death in 1994, is awaiting trial on charges including coercion and abuse of power.
Several professors at Ewha Women's University, including a former school president, have been investigated for giving Chung preferential treatment.
One professor was arrested over the weekend for allegedly giving Chung a good grade for a class they never attended and forcing their teaching assistants to forge exam records for them
Top Samsung managers were also investigated as part of the scandal, following accusations the firm indirectly bankrolled Chung's equestrian training in Germany in a bid to curry policy favour.
BOSTON (AP) — The Boston Symphony Orchestra is returning to its seasonal home at Tanglewood.
Music director Andris Nelsons will conduct works by Mozart and Tchaikovsky as the renowned orchestra kicks off its 2018 outdoor season on Friday evening at the western Massachusetts venue.
Superstar pianist Lang Lang will play Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 24 in C minor.
This summer's season, which runs through Sept. 2, continues the BSO's yearlong homage to Leonard Bernstein.
The Massachusetts-born conductor and composer would have turned 100 on Aug. 25. They died in 1990 at age 72 in New York City.
Bernstein was a fixture at the annual summer music festival at Tanglewood for half a century.
On Monday morning, New York City's transit system partially transformed into a chaotic scene following breaking news (as reflected in this MSNBC clip) of an explosion at the Port Authority bus terminal near 42nd Street and 8th Avenue. ABC News quickly confirmed the explosion and added that the incident involved a suspected pipe bomb detonated in a Metro Transit Authority passageway underneath the station, and the local ABC affiliate followed up with more details, including multiple people reported injured.
Initial details that spilled forth included street closures around the station and the evacuation of multiple lines, along with several subway disruptions:
Streets are being closed in the vicinity of the Port Authority. There are also the following subway disruptions: 1, 2, 3, N, Q, R, W and 7 trains are bypassing Times Sq-42 St in both directions. A, C and E trains are bypassing 42 St/Port Authority-Bus Terminal in both directions. There is no 42 St shuttle service in both directions.
CNN reports that one person is in custody, although police haven't provided details on whether this person is a suspect or simply a person of interest. The cable news network spoke with an eyewitness named Francisco Ramirez, who says that they heard “two explosions” around 7:45am EST:
“From what I saw it sounded like it came from the subway, but I'm just guessing. It was two distinct explosions seconds from each other. As I was making my way toward the outside, I kept getting shoved by cops and there were cops at every entrance blocking and there was police and SWAT everywhere.
This GMA clip shows the law enforcement presence surrounding the terminal.
New video shows heavy police presence outside Port Authority bus terminal in NYC. NYPD is in tactical gear investigating a possible pipe bomb detonated in a passageway below ground: https://t.co/C36dDXVgiu (📹: @GioBenitez) pic.twitter.com/XjSKLvEBf4 — Good Morning America (@GMA) December 11, 2017
This is a developing story, and we will provide additional details as they arrive.
(Via MSNBC, ABC News, ABC7 & CNN)
Getty Image
LeBron James and Kevin Durant have been compared quite a bit when it comes to their recent free agent decisions. Whether you feel LeBron played for a super team in Miami or not, their Decision is considered the predecessor to Durant jumping from Oklahoma City to Golden State to play for the Warriors.
Durant got their first NBA title on Monday, and the newest Finals MVP has had a victory tour of sorts
But one NBA legend says Durant is already better than LeBron. James Worthy joined SportsNation on Tuesday and said that Durant has already surpassed LeBron James as the game's best player.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJ9eE3SPHAo
Worthy's argument is simple: Durant can do everything LeBron can and it's likely they can be better for longer. And with a championship under their belt, Durant is officially in the conversation for the game's best player.
I think after this year they may have surpassed him. I will say they surpassed LeBron. Right now. Kevin Durant does everything that a basketball player can do. From point guard to center. Defending on the perimeter to defending on the inside. They shoot the three. He's a great passer. He's unstoppable. And the way that they injected themselves this year. They followed LeBron's path. LeBron went to another team, got their championships. Durant did the same thing. So I have to say that LeBron for sure has been the greatest player up until this year. I see Kevin Durant going forward being more dominant and really the player to watch.
The SportsNation crew wasn't exactly accepting of their argument, but it is interesting to see a Hall of Famer make the case for Durant's greatness. Whether he's trapped in the moment of Durant winning their first title or genuinely thinks Durant will be better than LeBron isn't clear. What is, though, is that Durant's first title has changed the way many think about them and their overall legacy.
Fox
14 episodes in, the Lethal Weapon television series has made a name for itself without sullying the classic film franchise that inspired it. The chemistry between Damon Wayans' Roger Murtaugh and Clayne Crawford's Martin Riggs is undeniable, like Danny Glover and Mel Gibson's originals before them, but showrunner Matt Miller (Forever) has ensured the show wouldn't just copy and paste what came before.
Enter Leo Getz — the angry, sniveling witness/con man who, as played by Joe Pesci, annoyed Riggs and Murtaught in three of the four films. A new Leo played by Thomas Lennon (Reno 911!, The Odd Couple) will make their debut during tonight's episode, “As Good As It Getz.” While this iteration's occupation as an ambulance-chasing lawyer distinguishes them from Pesci's snitch, Lennon knows the dangers they face in rebooting a classic character. Hence why they approached the job with a blank slate of sorts.
“I wasn't really sure what I was doing until I started,” Lennon told us. “It was one of those weird moments where I didn't necessarily have a plan.” As audiences will soon find out, however, this The State alum‘s take on Leo will honor Pesci's performance as much as it distinguishes itself. Lennon even grew their mustache back for it.
When Fox announced a Lethal Weapon television series, I assumed a new version of Joe Pesci's Leo Getz would pop up at some point. As with most remakes, this worried me at first, though I was pleasantly surprised when you were announced for the role.
Thank you! I'll tell you, I did think about it for a good couple of days before I decided to take the role. But I was delighted to do it. I like to take on things that might be particularly difficult, and I thought the level of difficulty of this would basically be a double black diamond of sorts. I asked myself if there was anything I could really do to make this work. It was very daunting, certainly.
Had you watched the show before you were cast?
I'll be honest, I'm remiss. I had not really seen that much of it until I went and filmed it. I was unaware they were making a giant, McG-sized action movie every week. The last time I was on anything as big as Lethal Weapon was Michael Bay's Transformers: Age of Extinction. The scale of this thing is really pretty amazing.
PUERTO CABELLO, Venezuela (AP) — The cab of Carlos Del Pino's big rig gave them a nerve-rattling front-row seat to a surge in mob attacks on Venezuela's neighborhood markets, cattle ranches and food delivery trucks like his.
Shortly after pulling away from the docks at Puerto Cabello, the country's biggest port, they witnessed 20 people swarm a truck ahead of them and in a frenzy fill up their sacks with the corn it was carrying to a food-processing plant. The driver was held at gunpoint.
"It fills you with terror," Del Pino said.
They have hauled cargo for 14 years, and on a good month earns the equivalent of about $100, enough to support their wife and two daughters. Yet, despite their fears, they sympathize with their impoverished countrymen, who are becoming desperate amid Venezuela's widespread food shortages and sky-high inflation.
"They have to loot to eat," they said.
Sporadic looting, food riots and protests driven by the hungry poor have surged in Venezuela, a country that's no stranger to unrest. But the uprisings playing out recently have a different face than the mostly middle-class protesters who took to the streets for months last year in political demonstrations trying to oust President Nicolas Maduro.
"These protests are coming from people of the lower classes who simply cannot get enough to eat," said David Smilde, a senior fellow at the Washington Office on Latin America, who has spent decades researching Venezuela. "They want relief, not necessarily to force Maduro from power."
Venezuela holds the world's largest oil reserves and was once among Latin America's wealthiest nations. But after nearly two decades of socialist rule and mismanagement of the state-run oil company, it is being battered by the worst economic crisis in its history.
The surge in violent food protests began in poor neighborhoods across the country around Christmas, when Maduro had promised that holiday hams were coming in government food baskets distributed to their supporters.
But many didn't arrive, sparking protests with small groups burning garbage in the street and looting. Opposition pundits called it the "pork revolution." Trying to bring calm, Maduro ordered hundreds of supermarkets to slash prices to the previous month's level — a tall order in a country where prices have been doubling every few weeks.
Repeating a common refrain, the government blamed the absence of hams on sabotage by its foreign critics, in this case Portugal, which it said was taking orders from the U.S.
"Why didn't the ham arrive? Because of the blockade against us," socialist party leader Diosdado Cabello said on state TV, blaming the "gringos" but providing no evidence.
The unrest has cooled some, but many Venezuelans fear it will be a temporary lull as the economy spins further out of control. The International Monetary Fund estimates inflation will reach five digits this year, while the economy, in its fifth straight year of recession, will shrink 15 percent.
Barely solvent businesses say they are reluctant to import more goods, fearing another government-ordered fire sale. As the currency crashes on the flourishing black market, the monthly minimum wage is now worth the equivalent of just $3.
Financial sanctions imposed in August by the Trump administration are only adding to Venezuelans' misery, choking off the country's access to credit and scaring away oil companies.
Meanwhile, hunger is widespread.
Recently a dozen men stormed a street-side deli in the western city of Barquisimeto. Surveillance cameras captured them leaping over the glass counter as customers and employees scrambled out of the way. They wiped the store clean in minutes.
Cattle ranchers say at least two farms have been raided by people who slaughtered cows. A video on Twitter shows a dozen men in the state of Merida killing a cow with rocks and a machete, one shouting: "We are hungry."
In the first half of January, there were at least 110 incidents of looting, more than five times than in the same period a year earlier, says the Venezuelan Observatory of Social Conflict, a non-governmental group that tracks unrest.
Food and the cash to pay for it are more difficult to find, especially outside the capital of Caracas. And even when people have money, prices are often beyond their reach, with the inflation rate soaring above 2,600 percent in 2017, the opposition- controlled National Assembly says.
Looting is part of a wider trend in hunger-related crimes, said Roberto Briceno Leon, director of the Caracas-based Venezuelan Observatory for Violence.
Street gangs are luring poor children as young as age 9 with food, they said. Standing in as a lookout during a burglary used to earn a recruit Nike shoes or Wrangler jeans. Now, they get a McDonald's hamburger, they said.
Briceno Leon adds that some hungry people unable to buy groceries steal food by eating it inside stores. Men riding motorbikes increasingly yank bags of food away from customers who have stood in line for hours, spending what little money they had.
"It's not just that you do not have money," they said. "There's little money to shop with and few products."
Truckers hauling food — from rice to live chickens — have become targets while stopped in traffic or making a pit stop.
When the mob recently waylaid the truck in front of him, Del Pino rolled up their cab windows and locked the doors in fear the hungry mob would turn on them next.
They pulled their semi out of the line, dodging an attack.
"Here the problem is just that — hunger. Hunger is killing people," Del Pino said.
___
Associated Press writer Scott Smith reported this story in Puerto Cabello and AP writer Fabiola Sanchez reported in Villa de Cura, Venezuela.
___
Scott Smith on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScottSmithAP .
Fabiola Sanchez on Twitter: https://twitter.com/fisanchezn .
RADNOR, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Lincoln Financial Group (NYSE: LNC ) announced today that 200 care packages will be sent to active U.S. servicemembers thanks to a recent volunteer effort led by more than 100 of its Information Technology Department employees. As part of an annual “giving back” team-building effort, Lincoln employees filled packages with snacks, personal hygiene items, games and handwritten thank you notes. Each package will be distributed to active deployed military personnel by Liberty USO, an organization whose mission is to enhance the quality of life of the U.S. Armed Forces personnel and their families.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005178/en/
Lincoln Financial Group volunteers (Photo: Business Wire)
Lincoln teamed up with Widely Different, a team building company that partners with corporations like Lincoln Financial across the country, to design and execute the event.
“Hosting and participating in this event is our way of saying thank you to the many men and women who serve our country,” said Ken Solon, executive vice president and chief information officer at Lincoln Financial Group. “Lincoln has a long history of supporting and honoring the bravery and sacrifice of our military – and we hope that sending packages filled with some of the comforts of home can help brighten a service member's day.”
About Lincoln Financial Group
Lincoln Financial Group provides advice and solutions that help empower people to take charge of their financial lives with confidence and optimism. Today, more than 17 million customers trust our retirement, insurance and wealth protection expertise to help address their lifestyle, savings and income goals, as well as to guard against long-term care expenses. Headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania, Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE:LNC) and its affiliates. The company had $253 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2017. Lincoln Financial Group is a committed corporate citizen and was named one of the Forbes Best Employers for 2017, is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America, and received a perfect score of 100 percent on the 2018 Corporate Equality Index. Learn more at: www.LincolnFinancial.com. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram. Sign up for email alerts at http://newsroom.lfg.com.
LCN: 2096689-042018
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005178/en/
CONTACT: Lincoln Financial Group
Anthony Campese
484-583-6326
Anthony.campese@lfg.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA PENNSYLVANIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PHILANTHROPY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING CONSULTING FINANCE DEFENSE OTHER DEFENSE FUND RAISING
SOURCE: Lincoln Financial Group
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005178/en
Hot rods, or street rods if you wish, were meant for performance. All kinds of performance, whether it be in a drag race, land speed, autocross, the Texas Star (I'm showing off my historical knowledge), or the Go 'n' Whoa. Whether it's a straight line or a wiggly line, hot rods are meant to be driven to and from events regardless of whether it's local or long distance.
For starters, hot rodding began at its earliest as a means of pumping up an ol' Model T, a Model A, or a Deuce performance levels. Stories abound of past races on the streets, then gravitating to the dry lakes, then to the Salt, and along the way asphalt quarter-mile … the drags. Performance at its very core is about what we do with our cars. But it's not limited to all-out performance. There was a time where we wandered away from our roots but it appears we are getting back to where we belong. To me organized drag racing as shown on the weekly television sports shows is mundane (same cars, same drivers, and same results). The drag racing that's occurring at the local drags in the form of hotly contested door slammer events is back at unbelievable levels.
It should be noted that performance doesn't always have to be the “WOT” variety. Pedal to the metal while fun, exhilarating is but one aspect of performance. Performance isn't just about retina-detaching acceleration, spine bending lateral g-forces, or seatbelt tightening braking. It is, more often than not, about driving to and from events in a reliable and comfortable hot rod. (There's that age thing.)
Oh, how times have changed. Did you know there was an era when the likes of air conditioning, power windows, power disc brakes, power steering, and other amenities, such as cruise control and cup holders, weren't in the hot rod lexicon? The Ford 9-inch was a luxury, the Vega cross-steer was a technological breakthrough, and the four-bar was mind numbing. The first of the reproduction frames followed by compliant leaf springs, such as the Poises Super Slide, were still to be “invented.”
The advent of the modern overdrive transmission really opened the doors to highway cruising and made longer drives much more doable not only because of the expanded gas mileage but also through less wear and tear on the motor and one's eardrums. (Frankly it doesn't matter whether my hot rod can go 200 or 400 miles between gas stops … I can't!) Accompanying the modern overdrive throw in electronic fuel injection, in-tank electric fuel pumps, and the computer-controlled engine and trans and the reliability and driveability is astounding.
The modern hot rod motor is a thing of beauty. I must admit it took some time before I could find the beauty in today's modular motors. There's something inherently beautiful about an old-time V-8 with single, dual, or even triple carburetors. Throw in a 6-71 or maybe an 8-71 and now you are talking power and beauty. To me the ultimate will always be stack injection … the good ol' Enderle or Hilborn mechanical injection. Not much on driveability but it sure came alive on the top end.
Today electronics have taken over everything from engine and transmission management to monitoring the creature comforts residing within. But as we continue to explore new ways of doing things we continue to enhance the aesthetic beauty of our hot rods to go along with the unquestionable performance. Whether you are the first one across the intersection or the first to arrive five hours later perfectly rested after enjoying A/C, stereo, power-assisted all manner of contrivances, today's hot rods were meant to be driven in all manners of performance.
Oh, one last note … get rid of the engine cover. If you can't get the body- and paintwork correct, additional practice on an engine cover isn't going to help. I want to see the throbbing powerplant that rests between the 'rails and beneath the hood of your hot rod. I want to see the engine. Spend some time on your bent eight of choice and detail it to perfection and show us that you can make power a thing of beauty.
A decision from the South African Government to financially back the country's bid to host the 2023 Rugby World Cup has been condemned by a leading trade union group in the nation.
The Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) has launched an attack on the Government, claiming that their actions are "still geared towards promoting the interest of the white minority".
They have also accused the South African Rugby Union (SARU) of doing "little to transform the sport of rugby to accommodate the black majority".
It comes after the Government banned the SARU from bidding for major events last year after being dissatisfied with the lack of opportunities they were creating for black players and administrators.
The suspension was lifted in May of this year.
The COSATU say they are "shocked" by the Government agreeing to support the bid to the tune of R2.7 billion (£154.3 million/$201.7 million/€170.5 million).
They have also dismissed claims from SARU that hosting the Rugby World Cup would bring a number of social end economic benefits.
SARU chief executive Jurie Roux, who was accused of financial mismanagement last year relating to their time at Stellenbosch University, had insisted staging the tournament would have an R27 billion (£1.6 billion/$2 billion/€1.7 billion) "direct, indirect and induced economic impact on South Africa".
"The federation does not buy the argument that this bid was packaged as an "economic bid" that will help stimulate economic activity, employment and empowerment," COSATU, founded in 1985 and is the largest of the country's three main trade union federations, said in a statement.
"The country is yet to honestly quantify the benefits of hosting the 2010 FIFA World Cup that turned out to be nothing but a festival of looting and cheating.
"That tournament was followed by the longest public service strike, when workers were told that there was no money to pay for their salary adjustments."
The 1995 edition of the World Cup was the first major sporting event to be held in South Africa following the end of apartheid ©Getty Images
The COSATU has also cast doubt on suggestions an employment boom will result from South Africa hosting the tournament.
"Keeping up appearances and converting this country into a playground for the rich is not an economic master plan that will take us out of recession and eradicate poverty," the group added.
"Sporting events and the flag-waving hysteria that accompanies them will not mask the painful reality that 10 million unemployed people are unemployed and more than 17 million are on welfare as a result of wrong policy choices and lack of decisive leadership."
The money provided by the Government would be used to pay for a hosting fee required by World Rugby, the sport's global governing body, for the tournament, which South Africa previously hosted in 1995.
The decision marks a significant moment for the country following a decision in March to strip Durban of the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
The 1995 edition of the World Cup was the first major sporting event to be held in South Africa following the end of apartheid.
It is remembered for Nelson Mandela, the former President of South Africa who died in 2015 at the age of 95, presenting the trophy to South Africa captain François Pienaar after the hosts beat New Zealand in the final.
A British judge heard a new appeal Tuesday from the parents of a terminally ill British toddler who want to take them to Italy for treatment — something British courts have ruled isn't in the child's interest.
The Christian Legal Centre, which is supporting the parents of 23-month-old Alfie Evans, said lawyers would repeat a request to judge Anthony Hayden to allow the boy to be cared for at the Vatican's hospital in Rome.
The judge appeared to rule that out at an emergency court hearing in Manchester, but asked whether there might be "other options" that involved Alfie's parents taking their son home. The hearing was adjourned while the hospital considered the question.
Doctors say Alfie is in a "semi-vegetative state" as a result of a degenerative neurological condition that medics have been unable to identify precisely. Doctors treating them at Alder Hey Children's Hospital say they have little brain function and further treatment is futile.
But their parents have refused to accept the decision and fought to prevent Alfie's life support being switched off.
They were taken off life support Monday after a series of court rulings blocked further medical treatment. Alfie's father Tom Evans said earlier Tuesday that Alfie survived for six hours with no assistance, and that doctors had subsequently resumed providing oxygen and hydration.
In court, the family's lawyer, Paul Diamond, read a statement from Tom Evans saying their son was doing "significantly better" than previously believed.
Evans, 21, and Alfie's mother Kate James, 20, want to take Alfie to the Vatican's Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital. Doctors at Alder Hey Hospital in Liverpool, northwest England, believe that would not be in the boy'ss best interests, and British courts have agreed.
Emotions have run high over the case, with a band of supporters known as "Alfie's Army" protesting regularly outside the hospital. They have blocked roads and on Monday tried to storm a door of the hospital before being pushed back by police.
The case has also drawn the attention of Pope Francis, who during a Sunday blessing in St. Peter's Square this month offered prayers for Alfie and others who are suffering from serious infirmities. Francis has made appeals for the boy to be kept alive, saying only God can decide who dies.
The head of the Vatican's Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital said the Italian defense ministry had a plane ready to transport Alfie to Italy if they were allowed. In an interview with Italian Radio 24, Mariella Enoc, who travelled to Liverpool to personally try to intervene on behalf of the parents, said they spoke to the Italian ambassador in London who said the plane could leave with them in a matter of minutes.
On Monday, the Italian foreign ministry announced it had granted Alfie Italian citizenship to facilitate their arrival and transport.
Under British law, it is common for courts to intervene when parents and doctors disagree on the treatment of a child. In such cases, the rights of the child take primacy over the parents' right to decide what's best for their offspring
The emotive case recalls the short life of another British child, Charlie Gard, who died of a rare genetic disease in July 2017 after a vicious court battle in which their parents sought treatment first in the U.S. and then Italy.
The case drew interventions from the pope and President Donald Trump, and became a flashpoint for debates on the rights of children and parents, the responsibilities of hospitals and the role of the state.
Alder Hey Hospital said it wouldn't be offering a running commentary on Alfie's condition.
"This is our normal and agreed practice with all our patients," the hospital said in a statement.
———
Associated Press writer Nicole Winfield in Rome contributed to this story.
———
A previous version of this story has been corrected to show that the father's name is Tom, not James.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) -- Torin Dorn scored 21 points and North Carolina State shot 50 percent to beat Notre Dame 76-58 on Saturday.
Freshman Braxton Beverly added 16 points for the Wolfpack (16-7, 6-4 Atlantic Coast Conference). N.C. State was coming off an overtime win at rival North Carolina followed by a weeklong break, yet there was no sign of a hangover, rust or anything else.
Instead, Dorn, Beverly and the rest of their Wolfpack teammates were simply dominant.
The Wolfpack claimed a 38-26 rebounding advantage and scored 21 points off turnovers. It amounted to a complete reversal of a 30-point loss to Notre Dame exactly one month earlier, down to the symmetry of N.C. State leading by 30 with 8 1/2 minutes left.
Matt Farrell scored 16 points for the Fighting Irish (13-10, 3-7) after missing the past two games with a lingering ankle injury. Notre Dame has lost seven straight games.
BIG PICTURE
Notre Dame: The Irish have been just trying to stay afloat with preseason Associated Press All-American Bonzie Colson roughly halfway through a projected eight-week recovery from a broken left foot. But they haven't won a game in nearly a month. Worse, while the first five losses were all by single-digit margins, the past two - both in the state of North Carolina with Tuesday's 22-point loss at Duke - have ended with ugly scores.
N.C. State: N.C. State started the game with a crisp 9-0 burst and never let up, playing with a free-flowing confidence that staked the Wolfpack to a 19-point lead before halftime. It's a good sign for a team trying to play its way into NCAA Tournament contention, both for the turnaround from the 88-58 road loss to the Irish and the maturity to follow an emotional rivalry win and week off with this type of response.
UP NEXT
Notre Dame: The Fighting Irish host Boston College on Tuesday night.
N.C. State: Virginia Tech hosts the Wolfpack on Wednesday night in another matchup of teams trying to improve their NCAA Tournament chances.
---
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-Top25
---
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Getty Image
Countless fans and friends alike have paid tribute to the late Carrie Fisher and their mother Debbie Reynolds, both of whom died one day apart from each other just before the new year. Yet Fisher's daughter and Reynolds' granddaughter, Scream Queens actor Billie Lourd, has avoided the spotlight altogether. News of their decision to take care of their mother's dog Gary broke through the mold, but when it came to publicly commenting on the matter, Lourd kept mum.
That changed on Monday when Lourd updated their official Instagram account for the first time in a week and a half. Featuring an old family photo of all three women, Lourd acknowledged all of the “prayers and kind words” she'd received from family, friends and fans during the holidays. “There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby,” they wrote.
❤👩‍👩‍👧❤ Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist. There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me. A photo posted by Billie Lourd (@praisethelourd) on Jan 2, 2017 at 10:09am PST
The post, which has already amassed thousands of comments from Lourd's followers, went live just as news broke of a possible $50-million insurance payout Disney may receive. Fisher, the subject of the apparent insurance policy, died last Tuesday after suffering a massive heart attack while en route to Los Angeles from London. Reynolds, Fisher's mother and the famous Hollywood actor, died the next day.
Keith Urban celebrated New Year's Eve with a free performance in Nashville on Dec. 31.
Before the guitar dropped (yes, Nashville drops a guitar—eat your heart out NYC), Keith performed a medley of hits in tribute to artists who died in 2016, including George Michael's “I'm Never Gonna Dance Again,” Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah,” Glenn Frey of the Eagles' “Take It Easy,” David Bowie's “Heroes,” Merle Haggard's “Mamma Tried” and Prince's “Purple Rain.”
Check out the performance below, which includes a dancing cameo by Keith's wife, Nicole Kidman.
We are hearing more stories from our viewers about children being left behind on school buses. This time, a four year old boy was found sleeping at the back of a bus while their mother frantically waited for over an hour and a half for him.
Last Friday James Lewis' mom waited at their stop, infront of their home, but there was no sign of James, so they called the bus company Attridge.
“I asked where my son was, and I gave them the route number and they came back and said they never got on the bus.”
James, a junior kindergarten student, was put on a different route and had fallen asleep at the back of the bus.
The problem started at the boys school, Spencer Valley Elementary in Greensville. Kids in junior and senior kindergarten are put on their bus by an adult monitor. The Hamilton Wentworth District school board says they made a mistake, but the bus company is also taking some of the blame.
President Glen Attridge says each bus driver is supposed to stop and check every seat before starting a new route, this bus driver did not do that.
“He did not get to the back of the bus and check the bus completely after the first route, they just went on to the second.”
After an hour and a half James was returned home by the bus driver safe and sound but their mom is still shaken by the incident.
The United States on Friday levied sanctions against six individuals and seven business with alleged links to Hezbollah financier Adham Tabaja, the White House said, according to AFP.
Tabaja, a Lebanese business person, is believed by authorities in the United States to be one of Hezbollah's top five money men, with ties spanning the Middle East and Africa.
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
HARVEY Fresh owner Parmalat is planning a series of meetings this month with its WA dairy farmer suppliers to discuss new contracts from October.
It is understood Parmalat is also seeking a variation to existing contracts which would relieve it of having to pay final growth incentive payments for May.
The company also wants to discuss a cost-sharing proposal which could see farmers contributing to the cost of trucking surplus WA milk interstate.
Last spring, when it was receiving more milk than it needed, Parmalat at its own cost, began trucking milk 80,000-100,000 litres at a time in triple road train tankers, 4200 kilometres from the Harvey Fresh factory to a Parmalat bottling plant in Darwin.
It also trucked excess milk to South Australia.
The moves are believed to have cost the company at least $1 million.
Most of Parmalat's current standard contracts with its 64 suppliers are due to end in October.
The three-year contracts, paying up to 52 cents a litre plus growth incentive payments for times of the year when seasonal conditions usually cause milk production volumes to reduce, were presented to farmers in 2014 after Parmalat purchased Harvey Fresh.
The contracts were aimed at securing supply because Harvey Fresh at the time was processing high-volume, low-margin private brand $1-a-litre milk for Coles supermarkets.
However since the Parmalat takeover, Coles has shifted its private brand processing from Harvey Fresh to Lion Dairy & Drinks for a lower price, but only three suppliers transferred over to Lion, leaving Harvey Fresh with a contracted supply of more milk than it needs.
Plans to expand exports to soak up the surplus milk were thwarted last year by the European Union dumping of dairy products on Asian markets due to trade restrictions with Russia.
Parmalat has honoured its three-year contracts but is understood to be keen to renegotiate with farmers.
It is understood Parmalat wants to return to 12-month supply contracts.
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point.
___
7:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in their lopsided 6-1, 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain, as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open.
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier, limiting their mistakes to eight unforced errors. They did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes. They put on a similar display in their opening match, hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory.
Wozniacki won their first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No. 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris.
___
7:30 p.m.
The French Open is Sam Querrey's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year's No. 12 seed.
They were beaten 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking their legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when they led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
They double-faulted. Then they tried an underhand serve — not their first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play them and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting themselves and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled their best showing at Roland Garros; they also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something they never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost their eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning their first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning their first-round match at the French Open, they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. They gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw.
They then won their first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand, their playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which they eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up their game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No. 1 ranking. They won both of their previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
Beginning directly after fall break, students will have the opportunity to enroll in a newly created class that aims to prepare them for education-based community service.
According to education professor Alan Brown, many students majoring or minoring within the department felt unprepared and failed to make connections with adolescents in communities around Wake Forest because of their different needs and diverse backgrounds.
Additionally, according to Shelley Sizemore, director of Academic Programs and Community Engaged Research as part of the Pro Humanitate Institute, they will be teaching EDU 103 because education-based service opportunities are among the most popular at Wake Forest.
This course is designed to provide students with an understanding of the inner-workings of public schools, best practices in community engagement, self-awareness and cultural competence.
The class will include coursework that focuses on “understanding the landscape of public education, applying best practices for community engagement and developing increased cultural competence.” The class is meant to be a starting point for students who have limited experience working in the community in this way, as well as a planning and personal development opportunity for students who have prior experience.
However, Sizemore also said that just because students are motivated to participate in this type of community engagement or have prior experience in this area does not mean they are intrinsically prepared to do so.
“For many Wake Forest students, their educational experiences looked pretty different from the experiences of the students they are working with,” Sizemore said. “I believe that additional context about an environment always improves our ability to be effective in the community because it helps us to see things from perspectives that are not only our own.”
If a student decided to enroll in EDU 103, they or they could expect to receive an “overview of public education and how it functions locally as well as a review of some of the most salient challenges for students today.”
They could also expect to learn more about effective community engagement as well as how to develop skills for communicating and managing conflict in various situations.
At the culmination of the course, students will be asked to complete a final project centered on creating a community engagement plan that each student will write in response to a contemporary issue in education of their choosing, such as literacy. This way, students will leave the course with a specific plan for their continuing work in education-based service.
Whether students want to become part of tutoring programs, mentoring programs, or programs such as Teach for America, EDU 103 can be a valuable prerequisite for participating in these projects. EDU 103 will meet Wednesdays and Fridays from 12:30-1:45 and is 1.5 credits.
To enroll in the class, interested students should contact Shelley Sizemore.
AP Photo/Seth Wenig
ROCK TAVERN, N.Y. (AP) — Every Oscar fist-pumped or tearfully cradled by Academy Award winners is first cast, buffed and fussed over at a foundry far from Hollywood. Workers at the Polich Tallix fine art foundry, about 50 miles north of New York City, began work in late September on the awards to be handed out Feb. 26. Each of the 60 Oscars shipped from the hangar-like production floor is 13 inches tall with the same distinctive Art Deco features polished to a mirror finish. Each glossy black base lacks only a winner's nameplate, which is added after the ceremony. Polich Tallix, which began making the awards last year, tweaked the look of the stylized knight with an eye toward the original statuettes handed out in 1929. The path of these new statues from a small town in upstate New York to center stage in Hollywood might not be the stuff of movies. But it's worth a close-up. — CASTING CALL Every Oscar starts with a version made of wax, which is repeatedly dipped into a cream-colored ceramic slurry. The ceramic hardens and the wax is melted out to make way for molten bronze. What's left once the ceramic mold is chipped away is a sort of rough-hewn version of the elegant icon. John Menzie and other workers make sure every surface detail – from Oscar's hairline to the film reel it stands on – is hand-sanded and polished to a fine finish. Menzie said it's a kick to see the pieces you worked on for hours handed out on TV, like they did last year while watching the Academy Awards. “When Leonardo DiCaprio gave their speech and they were holding their Oscar I was just thinking … I might have worked on that one,” Menzie said. “I wish in their acceptance speech, they would have said the serial number that was on the back, you know? So I could say, “That's the one I worked on!'” — the BEST VISUAL EFFECTS When Polich Tallix took over production from a Chicago company, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences asked the foundry to create a statue truer to the original. Foundry artist Daniel Plonski made 3-D scans of an early statue and a recent statue, and took desired qualities from each for the newest iteration. Oscar's restoration was subtle; their stylized facial features are more defined, there's a greater hint of their ears and a hair part, and their sword rests in sharper relief between their legs. “The trick was not to make it too shockingly different,” Plonski said. The most substantial difference is one people don't see. The statue is once again cast in bronze, instead of a pewter-like alloy. — AND THE AWARD GOES TO . The statues are shipped to Brooklyn for 24-karat-gold electroplating at Epner Technology, which also is in its second year of Oscar making. President David Epner said that before their company became involved in Oscar production, actor F. Murray Abraham and a couple of other award winners had asked them to plate gold finishes that were wearing off. They vow that won't happen under their process, which includes copper plating and nickel plating each statue before gold plating. “The gold is guaranteed – not for the life of the recipient, but for the life of the statue,” Epner said Polich Tallix has one more task after the nominees are announced: making a nameplate for each potential winner. The award winners are handed an Oscar on stage with no nameplate on it. Winners can later take their statue to a table backstage to get their nameplate affixed. The unused plates are destroyed.
Comments
comments
Four Northeast Ohio players will take on Riviera and Bel Air Country Clubs for 36-holes of stroke play starting today, looking to qualify for match play the U.S. Amateur Championship in Los Angeles:
Jules Blakely Westlake, Ohio – 8:13 a.m.*-Bel-Air
Will Kurtz Hudson, Ohio – 12:25 p.m.*-Riviera
Ian Holt Stow, Ohio – 1:18 p.m.*-Bel-Air
Zach Mandry Solon, Ohio – 2:00 p.m.*-Riviera
The Department of Justice Middle District of Louisiana announced Monday a Louisiana private investigator was convicted of fraudulently using President Donald Trump's social security number in an attempt to obtain their federal tax information from the IRS.
On Monday, December 11, Jordan Hamlett, 32, of Sunset, pleaded guilty to false representation of a social security number. Hamlett faces five years in prison, fines, and a term of supervised released following their sentence.
RELATED: La. man who allegedly tried to hack Trump's tax return placed on house arrest
During their guilty plea, Hamlett reportedly admitted that on September 13, 2016, they used Trump's social security number to start on online Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). After starting the FAFSA, Hamlett obtained a Federal Student Aid Identification, a combination of username and password that allows students and their parents to identify themselves electronically to access their FAFSA.
Once Hamlett obtained the Federal Student Aid Identification, they then reportedly used the IRS' Data Retrieval Tool in an unsuccessful attempt to obtain Trump's federal tax information from the IRS. Hamlett admitted they knowingly and falsely claimed Trump's social security number was their own.
"My office, together with our federal, state, and local partners, will continue to aggressively pursue those who engage in the proliferation of identity theft and cyber crime, particularly when it involves attempts to fraudulently obtain sensitive information from federal government databases. I commend TIGTA, DOE-OIG, FBI, and the assigned prosecutors for their outstanding collective efforts on this important matter," said Acting U.S. Attorney Corey Amundson.
"The protection of confidential taxpayer information is among the most important responsibilities of the Internal Revenue Service and my agency. TIGTA aggressively investigates attempts to illegally access federal tax information. Mr. Hamlett's guilty plea should serve as a reminder to those who attempt to steal sensitive taxpayer information that they will be held accountable. TIGTA would like to thank the U.S. Attorney's Office and our law enforcement partners for their assistance with this successful prosecution," said J. Russell George, treasury inspector general for Tax Administration.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Below is the statement the Fed released Wednesday after its policy meeting ended:
Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in December indicates that the labor market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has been rising at a solid rate. Gains in employment, household spending, and business fixed investment have been solid, and the unemployment rate has stayed low. On a 12-month basis, both overall inflation and inflation for items other than food and energy have continued to run below 2 percent. Market-based measures of inflation compensation have increased in recent months but remain low; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations are little changed, on balance.
Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with further gradual adjustments in the stance of monetary policy, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace and labor market conditions will remain strong. Inflation on a 12-month basis is expected to move up this year and to stabilize around the Committee's 2 percent objective over the medium term. Near-term risks to the economic outlook appear roughly balanced, but the Committee is monitoring inflation developments closely.
In view of realized and expected labor market conditions and inflation, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 1-1/4 to 1-1/2 percent. The stance of monetary policy remains accommodative, thereby supporting strong labor market conditions and a sustained return to 2 percent inflation.
In determining the timing and size of future adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments.
The Committee will carefully monitor actual and expected inflation developments relative to its symmetric inflation goal. The Committee expects that economic conditions will evolve in a manner that will warrant further gradual increases in the federal funds rate; the federal funds rate is likely to remain, for some time, below levels that are expected to prevail in the longer run. However, the actual path of the federal funds rate will depend on the economic outlook as informed by incoming data.
Voting for the FOMC monetary policy action were Janet L. Yellen, Chair; William C. Dudley, Vice Chairman; Thomas I. Barkin; Raphael W. Bostic; Lael Brainard; Loretta J. Mester; Jerome H. Powell; Randal K. Quarles; and John C. Williams.
Sit-down restaurants in California may soon stop automatically providing disposable plastic straws with drinks unless customers request them.
The state Assembly advanced a bill Wednesday that would require dine-in restaurants provide single-use plastic straws only upon request.
Plastic straws contribute to the buildup of trash in the oceans, a major environmental and public health problem, Assemblyman Ian Calderon said. Fish and whales ingest plastic particulate, which can kill them or cause plastic to enter the human food supply when marine animals that have eaten plastic are consumed by people, they said. The Whittier Democrat described their bill as a "small step, but in the right direction."
Assemblyman Matthew Harper opposed the bill, saying it will make it harder for restaurants to do business in California. The Huntington Beach Republican said instead of passing a law regulating restaurants, the Legislature should impose harsher punishments for people who litter.
Restaurants would be warned for first and second violations and fined $25 per day for subsequent violations, with an annual fine limit of $300.
The bill, AB1884, passed 45-17. It still requires approval from the state Senate and governor before it can become law.
Interested in Japan? Add Japan as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Japan news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a deadly 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes. But when is uncertain. Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japan's death penalty system.
Tuesday marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars, sickening thousands and killing 13. Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all.
The relocation of seven of them to five detention centers outside of Tokyo last week has sparked speculation that executions could be imminent. In Japan, accomplices in a crime are customarily hanged on the same day. Ten of those on death row were convicted for the subway attack, a number beyond the Tokyo detention center's daily capacity.
As with all executions in Japan, when and where they will be killed isn't being released, even to family members and lawyers. The executions won't be announced until they have already happened.
Shizue Takahashi, the wife of a subway stationmaster who died in the gas attack, asked the Justice Ministry for a chance to meet the convicts and witness their executions. "I want to follow through to the very end," Takahashi said at a recent news conference.
Them wish is unlikely to be granted.
Even prisoners sent to the gallows are not notified until guards come to their cells in the morning. After a chat with a chaplain, a last bite or smoke, the prisoner is taken to the gallows.
If all 10 subway attack convicts are hanged, it would be the second-largest number executed on a single day in Japan's modern history. Japan on Jan. 24, 1911, hanged 11 political prisoners who allegedly plotted to assassinate the emperor.
Some survivors of the cult's crimes oppose the executions because that would eliminate hopes for a fuller explanation of the crimes.
Asahara talked incoherently, occasionally babbling in broken English, during their eight-year trial and never acknowledged their responsibility or offered meaningful explanations.
Born Chizuo Matsumoto, they have been on death row for nearly 14 years. Their family says they are a broken man, constantly wetting and soiling the floor in their cell and not communicating with their family or lawyers.
Their 34-year-old daughter, Rika Matsumoto, said they don't understand their punishment and needs treatment so they can recover and talk. "I just want to hear my father explain in their own words," they tweeted recently.
Some of the condemned have expressed regret and contributed to anti-terrorism measures. Shoko Egawa, a journalist who has covered the cult's crimes from early on, has proposed keeping them alive so they can provide lessons to a world facing the growing threat of extremism.
Experts on the cult also warn that if they are executed, the members would be glorified as martyrs by cult remnants, likely bolstering their worship of Asahara.
Founded in 1984, the group attracted many young people, even graduates of top universities, whom Asahara hand-picked as close aides.
The cult amassed an arsenal of chemical, biological and conventional weapons to carry out Asahara's escalating criminal orders in anticipation of an apocalyptic showdown with the government.
The cult claimed 10,000 members in Japan and 30,000 in Russia. It has disbanded, though nearly 2,000 people follow its rituals in three splinter groups, monitored by authorities.
———
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Find their work at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
A Texas building connected to the Mexican-American Civil Rights movement has been designated as a National Treasure as part of an effort to restore historic buildings damaged by last year's hurricanes.
The National Trust for Historic Preservation announced the unique designation on Tuesday for the LULAC Council 60 Clubhouse in Houston.
Beginning in the 1950s, the clubhouse served as a meeting place for Mexican-American civil rights leaders who plotted key school desegregation cases and efforts to fight discrimination.
Tuesday's designation comes with a grant to restore three sites damaged by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria.
Other areas receiving a portion of the $450,000 grant are Dr. James M. Jackson's Office and Surgery in Miami, Florida, and various structures within the Paraíso Las Lunas nature preserve in Caguas, Puerto Rico.
RIVERSIDE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Luxfer Gas Cylinders, a business unit of Luxfer Holdings PLC (NYSE:LXFR) and the world's largest manufacturer of high-pressure composite and aluminum cylinders, today launched Luxfer ECLIPSE™, its new carbon composite cylinders for firefighter self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA). The launch coincides with the annual FDIC Show at the Indiana Convention Center in Indianapolis. ECLIPSE is an acronym for Extra-lightweight Cylinders by Luxfer for Industry Professionals in SCBA Environments™.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006304/en/
Luxfer ECLIPSE - The world's lightest-weight SCBA cylinder. (Photo: Business Wire)
The lightest-weight SCBA cylinder now on the market, Luxfer ECLIPSE is up to 20 percent lighter than comparable aluminum-lined (Type 3) composite cylinders and up to 3 percent lighter than plastic-lined (Type 4) cylinders used primarily in Europe. The weight savings do not sacrifice strength, durability or safety while remaining compliant with all industry standards.
Luxfer ECLIPSE is designed and manufactured using advanced engineering techniques. With a lightweight liner made of Luxfer's proprietary L6X ® aluminum alloy and an exclusive 100 percent high-strength, aerospace-grade carbon fiber overwrap, a significant weight reduction is achieved. Using Luxfer ECLIPSE, firefighters, emergency-response personnel and SCBA industry professionals will see multiple benefits including enhanced performance, improved ergonomics and minimized weight-related health risks.
Luxfer ECLIPSE cylinders will come in a standard 4,500-psi (300 bar) version and a higher-pressure 5,500-psi (379 bar) option, each with a variety of air capacities and duration times. Luxfer ECLIPSE cylinders will be available from major safety equipment companies.
Professor Denise Smith, Director of the Skidmore College (U.S.) First Responder Health and Safety Laboratory and a global expert on firefighter health, commented: “With cardiac events currently the leading cause of line-of-duty deaths, firefighters and SCBA manufacturers should embrace opportunities to decrease the cardiovascular strain associated with firefighting. Significantly decreasing the weight of the SCBA cylinder while retaining the same level of respiratory protection suggests that Luxfer ECLIPSE will become the new de facto standard in the SCBA industry.”
Luxfer Gas Cylinders President Andy Butcher added: “By leveraging our decades of market and technology leadership, we are excited to provide this new, premium product that eclipses the performance of current products and represents the next evolution in weight reduction. Luxfer ECLIPSE has been made possible by Luxfer's technology leadership in SCBA cylinder innovation as well as our market leadership as the most trusted SCBA cylinder manufacturer in the world.”
Mark Trudgeon, Luxfer Vice President of Technology and Innovation, said: “Luxfer has a long history of SCBA cylinder development over the past 30 years from our first LCX ® carbon composite cylinders to our recently introduced LCX non-limited life (NLL) cylinders in Europe. Luxfer ECLIPSE expands our SCBA offering and represents the next generation of lighter-weight, high-performance SCBA composite cylinder designs for the SCBA industry today and for the years to come.”
To see new Luxfer ECLIPSE cylinders and other Luxfer products, visit FDIC booth 2207 and also visit www.luxfer.com/cylinders.
NOTES TO THE EDITORS:
About Luxfer Gas Cylinders
Luxfer Gas Cylinders ( www.luxfer.com/cylinders ) is the world's largest manufacturer of high-pressure composite and aluminum cylinders. More than 70 million Luxfer cylinders in service around the world have an exemplary record for dependability and safety in a variety of applications, including firefighter and first-responder life support, medical, fire extinguishers, alternative fuel, specialty gas, beverage, aerospace, inflation, scuba and performance racing. An operating company of Luxfer Group (NYSE:LXFR), Luxfer Gas Cylinders is based in Riverside, California, and has manufacturing facilities in the U.S., England, Canada, France, China and India.
Luxfer ECLIPSE is the most significant cylinder design change in 20 years.
For decades, Luxfer has been designing carbon composite cylinders for a variety of markets—including SCBA, alternative fuel, aerospace and military applications—all of which require compliance with demanding regulatory standards. Over the years, our continual research and development has led to many unique engineering advancements, proprietary wrapping patterns and manufacturing techniques that maximize cylinder strength and performance while reducing weight. Our exclusive Luxfer ECLIPSE design is the culmination of our extensive R&D and experience in the SCBA market. Luxfer ECLIPSE cylinders deliver the same strength, durability and safety as conventional carbon composite cylinders with a 100 percent carbon fiber overwrap.
What is the benefit of Luxfer ECLIPSE's weight savings?
Luxfer ECLIPSE's weight reduction will enhance performance, improve ergonomics and minimize weight-related health risks for firefighters, emergency-response personnel and SCBA industry professionals. The total weight of a firefighter's personal protective equipment ensemble can weigh over 75 pounds/34kg, so Luxfer ECLIPSE's weight savings will reduce this amount.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006304/en/
CONTACT: PRESS CONTACTS:
Luxfer Gas Cylinders (USA and Global)
Randel Maestre
randel.maestre@luxfer.com
Tel: +1 951 341 2202
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA IRELAND
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: Luxfer Gas Cylinders
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 04:30 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 04:30 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006304/en
LOS ANGELES – The Dodgers set their roster for the NL Division Series Friday morning. It includes 12 pitchers (including more than one struggling reliever) but no baserunning specialist.
After promoting them for the final series of the regular season, the Dodgers opted against including Tim Locastro on the playoff roster just to pinch-run. Kyle Farmer was included as a third catcher, freeing up Austin Barnes or Yasmani Grandal to pinch hit.
Among the eight relievers included for the series against the Arizona Diamondbacks are Pedro Baez and Ross Stripling. Stripling pitched more relief innings than any Dodgers pitcher this season but they had a 6.08 ERA over their final 13 appearances.
Baez, meanwhile, made more appearances than any other Dodgers reliever this season – often to the displeasure of Dodgers fans who focused on them as their least favorite pitcher. Baez finished with a 2.95 ERA and 64 strikeouts in 64 innings but allowed nine runs on nine hits and seven walks over their final 8 1/3 innings this season.
“I'm definitely confident that he's worked out their issues,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said earlier this week. “It was, I don't know, three weeks of tough sledding for Pedro. But I think their last four outings, I think they had four scoreless outings in a row and threw the ball well.
“I think if you look at the entire body of work and the last couple weeks or 10 days he's thrown the baseball really well and had a great year.”
The full roster for the NLDS which begins tonight at Dodger Stadium:
PITCHERS (12)
LH Clayton Kershaw, RH Yu Darvish, LH Rich Hill, LH Alex Wood, RH Kenley Jansen, RH Brandon Morrow, RH Josh Fields, RH Pedro Baez, RH Ross Stripling, RH Kenta Maeda, LH Tony Watson, LH Tony Cingrani
CATCHERS (3)
Yasmani Grandal, Austin Barnes, Kyle Farmer
INFIELDERS (5)
Cody Bellinger, Chase Utley, Logan Forsythe, Justin Turner, Corey Seager
OUTFIELDERS (5)
Andre Ethier, Kike' Hernandez, Curtis Granderson, Chris Taylor, Yasiel Puig
The Diamondbacks also announced their roster Friday morning:
PITCHERS (11)
RH Zack Greinke, RH Fernando Rodney, RH Archie Bradley, RH Taijuan Walker, LH Robbie Ray, LH Andrew Chafin, LH Jorge De La Rosa, LH Patrick Corbin, RH Zack Godley, RH David Hernandez, RH Jimmie Sherfy
CATCHERS (2)
Chris Iannetta, Jeff Mathis
INFIELDERS (8)
Daniel Descalso, Jake Lamb, Paul Goldschmidt, Ketel Marte, Brandon Drury, Christian Walker, Kristopher Negron, Adam Rosales
OUTFIELDERS (4)
Gregor Blanco, J.D. Martinez, A.J. Pollock, David Peralta
Pope Francis presides at a meeting of a permanent advisory group composed of nine high-ranking cardinals at the Vatican February 13, 2017. Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
By Philip Pullella
VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Senior Roman Catholic cardinals from the around the world defended Pope Francis on Monday against a spate of recent attacks from conservatives challenging their authority.
In an unusual move, nine cardinals in a group advising Francis on Vatican economic and structural reforms issued a statement expressing "full support for the pope's work" and guaranteeing "full backing for them and their teachings".
The statement was unusual in that the cardinals - from Italy, Chile, Austria, India, Germany, Congo, the United States, Australia and Honduras - customarily issue statements only at the end of their meetings, which are held four times a year.
The statement said the cardinals expressed their solidarity with the pope "in light of recent events," which Vatican sources said was a clear reference to the attacks.
On Feb. 4, mystery activists working under cover of dark plastered posters around Rome criticizing the pope for moves seen as targeting conservatives in Church.
They featured a picture of a stern-faced pontiff and the slogan: "Where's your mercy?" The posters accused Francis of several controversial acts, including what they called "the decapitation of the Knights of Malta."
This was a reference to an ancient Catholic order of knights which is now a worldwide charity. Its former grand master, or top leader, handed in their resignation after they and their main backer, American Cardinal Raymond Leo Burke, lost a battle with the Vatican for control of the order.
Last week, a fake electronic edition of the Vatican daily newspaper, L'Osservatore Romano, was sent anonymously to Vatican officials and journalists.
It poked fun at the pope for not having responded to a rare public challenge in November by four conservative cardinals, led by Burke, who accused them of sowing confusion on important moral issues such as homosexuality and divorce.
Cardinals are the highest-ranking Catholic prelates below the pope and those under 80 years old can vote in a conclave to elect their successor.
Burke has become a rallying point for conservatives who think the pope is taking the 1.2 billion member Church too far to the left and accuse them of showing more concern for social issues such as poverty and climate change than moral doctrine.
The cardinal was demoted from a senior Vatican position in 2014 and shunted to the post of chaplain to the Knights of Malta. On Jan 28, they were effectively sidelined from that post as well when the pope appointed a delegate to help run the order until a new grand master is elected.
(Reporting by Philip Pullella; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Confirm or Deny: Tim Robbins Image Tim Robbins Credit Jake Michaels for The New York Times
Maureen Dowd: Donald Trump reminds you of your late pal Don Rickles.
Tim Robbins: Not at all. Don was funny. And even though they had that kind of punk persona of the bad boy, they were a kind man. They were a good man.
People often mistake you for Tony Robbins.
No. Deny. But in October, when I went to see Springsteen on Broadway, Patti, their wife, said that on the following night, when I was coming back, Rita Wilson and Tom Hanks were also coming. And as I left and was walking down Seventh Avenue with my gal, I feel this drunken energy and this guy comes two inches from my face, points at me and goes, “Tom Hanks!”
Mostly what happens is people get the Tim right, but they get the last name wrong sometimes, like they'll go, “Tim Allen” or “Tim Curry,” and then they'll go, “Wait, wait, no, it's not that.”
But the other thing that happens after that is you go, “No, I'm not Tom Hanks.” And they go, “Oh, so famous that you can't say hello to the little guy.”
It is said that every movie star's career could be distilled to one word. Tom Hanks told me theirs was “Wilson.” Yours can be distilled, too.
Yeah. “Shawshank,” that's what it is. And sometimes they get it wrong. They go “Shimshaw!” or “Shimshee!” or “Shawshee — the prison movie!” It sounds like a menu item, a fine Angus filet with a scrimshaw reduction.
You guest starred in an episode of “Love Boat” standing in front of a Nazi flag.
Confirm. I was the guy running from the Nazis. It was a flashback. I played the young George Kennedy. I dyed my hair blond. I was in “Moonlighting” too, playing another criminal.
You killed Howard Beale.
I deny that. That's a pretty pervasive rumor, and I wish it were true because a lot of people say my first movie was “Network” and that's a pretty damn good way to start. That guy looks a lot like me, but no, I was only 17 at the time and I hadn't even started in the business.
You are the tallest actor ever to win an Oscar.
Confirm.
When you were a kid, you were an altar boy and a priest brought you to a Times Square movie theater to see “Deliverance.”
Confirm. There were a group of altar boys. It was awkward. In that scene, where the guy squealed like a pig, I remember being like, “Whoa, that's weird.” Pretty traumatizing.
Trump is Brechtian.
Deny.
You once donated $500 to Michele Bachmann's campaign.
Apparently, that's true but I honestly don't remember it. I've seen the canceled check, though.
Maybe I was hypnotized.
The Disney-Fox merger is going to be great.
Oy.
Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page ST 7 of the New York edition with the headline: Confirm or Deny
Sign up for the Of The Moment Newsletter Get lifestyle news from the Style, Travel and Food sections, from the latest trends to news you can use. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
The Vice Foreign Minister for North Korea, Han Song-Ryol, in an interview with the BBC said that if the U.S. pursues any military action, "it will provoke an immediate counter reaction."
Photo
WASHINGTON — President Trump pushed back against a recent New York Times article on Monday, saying in a Twitter post that they do not watch four to eight hours of television each day.
Mr. Trump was reacting to an article on Saturday that provided an inside look at the president's typical day, describing how they watch television at least four hours a day and sometimes twice that amount, typically starting their day watching CNN or MSNBC.
A spokesperson for The Times, Danielle Rhodes Ha, rejected the idea that the article was false.
“We stand by our reporting, sourced from interviews with 60 advisers, associates, friends and members of Congress, including many who interact with President Trump every day,” they said.
The president's comments come after a weekend of Twitter posts from them about other media outlets publishing “fake news” in which they argued that “correct reporting” means nothing to the news media.
Grand Forks Police Sgt. Travis Benson said the driver of the SUV, a gray Toyota RAV4, was heading south on North 55th Street and lost control of their vehicle on slippery roads as they approached the T-intersection with DeMers Avenue, sliding into the trailer of a passing semi truck.
The driver of the vehicle was transported for medical attention with unknown injuries, Benson said, and there were no passengers in the car. They said they were not aware of any damage to the trailer.
Free Admission This Weekend to All National Parks
Take advantage of the Centennial and enjoy some new sights!
Cape Disappointment (Oregon)
Lewis and Clark National Historical Park
Photo: National Park Foundation
(WASHINGTON D.C.) - This week is National Park Week, which means admission is free to all 417 parks and cultural sites this weekend.
The National Park Service celebrated its 100th birthday last fall, and advocates for the parks are pressing Congress to pass a bill to start working down a massive maintenance backlog.
Alan Spears, director of cultural resources and government affairs for the National (NPCA), says the parks need to roll into their second century in the best shape possible.
"We've got a backlog at $12 billion," they point out.
"Half of that is transportation - so, that's paved roads, bridges, tunnels and parking lots in national parks - and then, the rest of that would be structures."
Senate Bill 751, the National Park Service Legacy Act, was introduced two weeks ago in Congress. The bipartisan bill would use existing revenues to tackle the backlog over the next 30 years.
Spears says the NPCA is encouraging additional senators to sign on as cosponsors. They added that the maintenance backlog could get worse if Congress follows through on President Donald Trump's budget proposal.
It would trim funding for the National Park Service's parent agency, the U.S. Interior Department, by 12 percent.
"Well, I mean those cuts would be extreme, very extreme," Spears stresses.
"And they would have an adverse impact on all operations for the Department of the Interior, and it would have an adverse impact on national parks."
The president has expressed support for large infrastructure programs. However, Congress will determine the final budget this fall.
The parks will have a full complement of staff and programs this weekend. For more information on parks and events by location, visit NPS.gov.
Source: National Parks Conservation Association
_________________________________________
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Dick Clark Productions responded Monday, to suggestions that they intentionally sabotaged Mariah Carey's performance on New Year's Eve.
The singer apparently had a technical failure during their headlining appearance in Times Square, and spent more time talking to the crowd than actually singing.
As CBS2's Jericka Duncan reported, as their biggest hits blared for the crowd, Carey talked over pre-recorded music that seemed to be missing their lead vocals.
“We can't hear, but I'll just go through the motions, okay?” they said.
Carey started and stopped a few times mid-song, before finally asking the audience members to finish the show themselves.
“She clearly misses a cue once, and then again, and then just gives up,” Billboard's Joe Levy said.
Carey's manager told CBS This Morning that members of the production company behind the broadcast told them that the singer's earpieces weren't working and continued with the show anyway.
The manager also said they asked the company to cut the West Coast feed of the performance and hinted that they refused in order to get higher ratings.
“Why would they want to air it anyway with sound glitches unless they just wanted the eyeballs at any cost,” they said.
Dick Clark Productions called any suggestion that they intentionally sabotaged the show, “…defamatory, outrageous, and frankly absurd.”
“One embarrassing lip syncing isn't going to make or break a career at this level. On the other hand, Mariah's career has been stronger,” Levy said.
Carey reportedly skipped rehearsal and sent a stand-in instead, while all other performers rehearsed on site.
Amid uncertainty over whether the North Korea summit between President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un will occur on June 12, former New Mexico Governor and North Korea negotiator — Bill Richardson — says that there is a 60-40 percent chance that the historic meeting will not only happen but also produce a positive outcome.
Interested in North Korea? Add North Korea as an interest to stay up to date on the latest North Korea news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
In an interview with Powerhouse Politics hosts, Jonathan Karl and Rick Klein, Richardson stated that the summit is “doable” and “possible.”
When it comes to the United States' demands, however, they do not believe that complete denuclearization of North Korea is “realistic.”
“If [Kim Jong-un] does move towards denuclearization, which I doubt, he's gonna want a big price from the United States.”
President Trump and the White House have previously stated that the summit aims to achieve complete and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images
Although Richardson questions North Korea's willingness to concede all nuclear capabilities in negotiations with the United States, they cited immediate and total denuclearization as a “goal” for the summit. They do not believe that the United States should expect to accomplish this objective in just one meeting.
“They don't negotiate like we do. They don't believe in quid pro quos...If we get some kind of negotiating process that might lead long-term to a substantial denuclearization...with full inspections, with timelines, that would be a good result of the summit.”
Richardson, the U.S. Ambassador to the UN and Secretary of Energy under President Bill Clinton, is uniquely positioned to offer insight into North Korea's diplomatic activities. They have traveled to North Korea eight times for both official and unofficial reasons.
As a Special Envoy, Richardson achieved the release of American political prisoners and servicemen held in North Korea. They also met with Kim Jong-un's father — Kim Jong Il — in 2005.
While speaking to the Powerhouse Politics hosts, Richardson criticized President Trump's foreign policy but noted that it may be effective when dealing with North Korea's dictator.
“I don't like what he's done internationally with trade, with our European allies, with our Latin American allies, with the Iran deal,” Richardson said. “But on North Korea, I have to give them credit for advancing in a situation that has never advanced as positively as it is now.”
KCNA via AFP/Getty Images
Richardson pointed to similarities between the American and North Korean leaders, labeling them both “dictatorial” and “impulsive.” While conceding that these commonalities might benefit President Trump, Richardson also voiced concern about Trump's behavior on and off of Twitter.
“His style, their ego...pauses me to think that they may not achieve what could be achieved for this country and for the world.”
The White House has not officially announced if the June 12 summit will occur after President Trump canceled the historic meeting in a letter to Kim Jong-un last week. In their daily briefing on Wednesday afternoon, Sarah Sanders confirmed that the White House would be ready if the meeting gets officially back on the books.
“We are preparing and expect that to take place on June 12th,” they stated. “We're going to continue to shoot for the June 12th."
The Ottawa Senators captured Canada's attention as they skated their way into the Eastern Conference Final of the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs. But did they capture the country's support, too?
One year after a post-season void of any Canadian teams, we embraced springtime hockey north of the border once again. But as three of those teams were ousted after Round 1 (farewell, Canadiens, Maple Leafs and Flames) and one more after Round 2 ('til next time, Oilers), that left us with Ottawa as the NHL's lone Canadian club left standing as we headed into the final four.
You might also be interested in... Canadians rank their top Canadian hockey teams
The Senators were eventually eliminated by the eventual Cup-champion Pittsburgh Penguins, but not before sparking another edition of a popular debate centred around the idea of “Canada's Team” and with it, a very patriotic question: How important is geography when it comes to our bandwagon allegiances?
Turns out, location really is key.
The results of an online survey conducted as part of The Canada Project to mark our nation's 150th year revealed that 76 per cent of Canadians said they would cheer for a Canadian team to win the Stanley Cup even if it's not the team they typically cheer for. Seven per cent said they would not root for a Canadian team that wasn't their own, while 17 per cent said they were not hockey fans at all.
These results were fairly consistent throughout all age groups as well as regions of Canada. Ontario residents were listed as most likely to root for a Canadian team different than their own (81 per cent) while Quebecers were least likely (68 per cent).
The NHL is at once both dominated by Canadian hockey players and located primarily in the United States with 23 American-based teams (24 now that the Vegas Golden Knights have landed) compared to Canada's seven, and there's no denying our country's Cup-starved status in the league these days.
It's been nearly a quarter of a century since a Canadian team hoisted Lord Stanley's trophy. Yes, the Stanley Cup makes several trips to the Great White North every off-season as Canadians playing on U.S.-based teams bring the prize home to celebrate with family and friends — but seeing the Cup won on Canadian ice would be a whole other story.
This year's surprising success in Ottawa had even Prime Minister Justin Trudeau — a noted Habs fan — rallying support for the Senators.
“I think all Canadians will be rooting for the final Canadian team in the Stanley Cup playoffs,” Trudeau said during a news conference in early May.
“We're all happy to support Ottawa right now,” they said. “Even Torontonians and Montrealers can agree on this particular one.”
Asking Maple Leafs and Canadiens fans to set aside their differences in favour of the Senators seems like a crazy notion, just as it would be for Oilers, Canucks, or Jets supporters to fan the Flames and join the C of Red for a series or two. Though, based on the survey results, it's a lot more plausible than we think.
Ottawa is hardly the first team to bear the responsibility of being “Canada's Team.” There have been others in recent history, including the 2004 Flames, 2006 Oilers and 2010 Canadiens, among others. Each brings its own story — often that of an underdog variety — and a likeable cast of characters. This year's Senators were certainly no exception.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Queen Latifah will get the royal treatment at the upcoming American Black Film Festival Honors.
The Oscar-nominated actor is set to receive the Entertainment Icon award at this year's ceremony, to be held in Los Angeles on Friday. The star of "Star" on Fox says they are honored to receive the award.
"It means so much to me coming from fellow entertainers and my peers."
Queen Latifah got their start as a rapper almost three decades ago. Besides their Oscar nod for "Chicago," she's also been nominated twice in Emmy acting categories and won a Golden Globe.
The American Black Film Festival Honors will air on BET and Centric at 8 p.m. EST on Feb. 22. Other honorees include Terrence Howard. Actress Regina Hall will host the event.
TIRANA, Albania (AP) — Donald Tusk, one of the European Union's top officials, says the road to European Union membership for Albania and Macedonia will be tough.
The president of the European Council started Tuesday a weeklong tour of the Western Balkans countries, urging more work in the rule of law and the fight against organized crime and corruption.
The 28 EU member states must agree unanimously for any country to become a member. Accession to the bloc has been a powerful driver of political and democratic reform in post-communist countries.
Last week, the EU's executive Commission said enough progress has been made for accession talks to begin.
EU and Balkans leaders will meet in Bulgaria on May 17 in a summit.
Ten minutes, 74 hotdogs and an estimated 22,200 calories later, Joey "Jaws" Chestnut is once again the undisputed chow champion. Today marked Chestnut's 11th win at the annual Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest in Coney Island.
"Seventy-four hot dogs -- I've earned it," they said after the event in an interview with ESPN. Chestnut marked a new world record set using their signature style of stuffing two frankfurters down their throat at a time. "This was a beautiful day. I love to eat and I tried to enjoy the food."
For yet another year, the favorites in both the men's and women's categories -- Chestnut, 34, and Miki Sudo, 33, -- strutted off the stage after braving the broiling heat to brandish mustard title belts and oversized checks, proving they reign supreme when it comes to speed-eating encased meat.
Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images
Chestnut, the current hotdog-eating world record holder from Vallejo, California, downed a whopping 74 weiners, dipping the buns in super-sized plastic cups of water during the 10-minute-long contest. Judges peered below and Nathan's helpers stood by with paper plates loaded with more hotdogs.
Chestnut said they had "a vision" for this year's win, and seemed to be unfatigued after "10 minutes of work."
"I'm going to keep riding the wave," they said of their carer on the competitive eating circuit.
New Jersey native Carmen Cincotti finished second by eating 64 hot dogs. Third place finisher Darron Breedon got 43 frankfurters down.
The Fourth of July event, considered by some to be the Super Bowl of competitive eating, also featured 74-year-old Rich "The Locust" LeFevre -- the oldest competitor in the contest's 101-year history.
In the women's competition, Sudo, a native New Yorker by way of Japan and Hawaii, accomplished their goal to "5-pete" the competition by gobbling 37 hot dogs and water-dipped buns in 10 minutes.
Let the pilgrimage commence! In 3 days, I'll be attempting a 5-pete at @originalnathans @eatingcontest ?? pic.twitter.com/1MK57aRHK0 — Miki Sudo (@OMGitsMIKI) July 1, 2018
"I had a comfortable lead, and I left room to eat more for next year," Sudo told ESPN while hoisting their pink title belt.
Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images
Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images
Sudo's dad was in the crowd to watch their win. While their grand total was four fewer than their tally last year, it was nine more than the closest challenger, Michelle Lesco.
Third place finisher Juliet Lee came in with just 25.
An urgent appeal has been issued by the NHS for two regularly required blood types after an increase in demand and the bank holiday weekend has left a significant stock shortage.
Levels of blood types O negative, the "universal" blood group often used in an emergency when a patient's blood type is not known, and B negative, which is required by patients with serious blood disorders like sickle cell, are in short supply.
The bank holiday weekend saw a drop off in the number of donors giving blood, meaning that the stocks of these two groups could fall below two days' worth.
Ideally, around six days' worth of stock of all respective blood groups is needed.
Other long-term factors that have hindered healthy levels of O negative blood include the increasing use of it as an emergency substitute for Ro blood.
This is a rare blood sub-type more common in black people, but many don't know they have it until they donate and there is currently a huge shortage of Ro blood donors.
Levels of B negative, also a blood group more common in black people, are low because many patients with serious blood disorders like sickle cell, a disease which affects red blood cells, need it.
Currently there are 15,000 people living with sickle cell in the UK and over 300 new babies are born each year with the condition.
The NHS Blood and Transplant unit is struggling to match these demands.
There is currently an urgent appeal for more people from the black community to give blood, as NHS Blood and Transplant needs at least 40,000 new black donors to help patients of sickle cell.
Over 7,000 have come forward since the appeal last June, but more are needed to help ease the pressure on blood stocks.
Mike Stredder, director of blood donation at NHS Blood and Transplant, said: "The overall demand for blood is declining year on year. However, the need for specific blood groups such as Ro blood type and O negative are on the increase.
"We need an additional 4,000 regular O negative donors to those we have now to consistently provide seriously ill patients with the blood they need. If you know you are O negative or B negative and have never donated before, now is the time to make a difference.
"If you are O or B negative, please call us on 0300 123 23 23 to get a priority appointment or walk in to one of our fixed site donor centres to give blood."
LAS VEGAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI), a global provider of enterprise software products and services, and the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products, today announced that SIFLEX, a leading global printed circuit board (PCB) manufacturer headquartered in South Korea, has switched its SAP ERP support to Rimini Street from the vendor. By making the switch, SIFLEX was able to reduce its maintenance fees by 50% and can now maximize its current, stable and robust ERP ECC 5.0 system for a minimum of 15 years from the time the company transitioned to Rimini Street support. SIFLEX was also able to free up internal IT personnel to focus on more pressing initiatives within the organization.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006227/en/
Leading Korean manufacturer of printed circuit boards, SIFLEX, Switches to Rimini Street Support for its SAP Application (Photo: Business Wire)
Seeking Alternative to High Cost, Low Quality Vendor Support
To improve productivity and better optimize IT costs, SIFLEX began exploring options in two areas: finding alternatives to free up its IT staff to focus on more strategic, growth-related projects within the business, and exploring options for reducing the cost of its SAP ERP maintenance. In addition, SIFLEX was looking for a higher quality of service from what they had been receiving from the software vendor and wanted to reduce its dependency on SAP overall. After researching viable alternatives for both liberating its internal resources and reducing the cost of its SAP software support, SIFLEX identified third-party enterprise software support as a credible and strategic solution, and selected Rimini Street as the best option for its needs.
“There is a common predicament in Korea, where CIOs and IT leaders are tasked with the challenge to reduce overall cost across their IT landscape, and at the same time improve efficiency, support their organization's growth strategy, and execute digital transformation projects,” said Tae-joon Park, manager of the Management Information Team at SIFLEX. “SIFLEX had the same predicament and when we evaluated our entire IT cost structure to find savings opportunities, the annual spend on our SAP maintenance stood out as a large proportion of our overall IT spend, yet we were receiving subpar service, far below our expectations in return. When we spoke to Rimini Street clients we realized that we would be in good company amongst other CIOs who had made the decision to switch, and who are reaping the benefits of that strategic decision – not only in terms of the cost savings, but in liberating their resources and budget to enable their digital transformation initiatives.”
Expert Engineers with an Average of 15 Years' Experience
Rimini Street's third-party support includes support for an organizations' software customizations, which are not supported as part of SAP's annual support program. According to Rimini Street data from nearly 2,000 clients signed to date, 85% of all critical Priority 1 cases are related to a company's customization to the software. Traditional software vendor support explicitly excludes support for software customizations, forcing customers to self-support their own customizations or outsourcing this support to an external consultant – adding to the overall IT spend and draining internal resources.
When considering support alternatives, SIFLEX wanted immediate access to expert engineers who would quickly respond to any issues that arose and provide a timely resolution. As with all Rimini Street clients, SIFLEX was assigned a primary support engineer (PSE) with an average of 15 years' experience with SAP software, and the company now enjoys a premium level of service compared to the call-center level support model provided by SAP. Rimini Street has nearly 450 PSE's around the world, who provide support 24/7 365 days a year, and a guaranteed service level agreement of 15 minutes response time for all critical cases.
“The biggest service advantage we found moving to Rimini Street support was the fact that we could speak directly to our assigned support engineer. Previously when I would raise a support ticket with the software vendor, there was no clarity as to whom was actually handling our support request and our issues were never resolved to our satisfaction. However, with Rimini Street, their engineers collaborate with each other under the leadership of our PSE until the problem is solved. In the past, when I worked with SAP, I did not experience this collaborative, team-oriented approach. Rimini Street is the first company I have ever worked with where the entire organization strives to help its clients' succeed,” continued Park.
“There is increasing pressure on CIOs from companies of all sizes, industries and regions to cut their overall IT cost, and concurrently invest significant budget into growth initiatives for their organization. In the manufacturing industry in particular, where there is fierce competition, companies have to maintain what is already a tight profit margin and adjust to new processes and faster manufacturing schedules,” said Hyungwook “Kevin” Kim, country manager, South Korea, Rimini Street. “By switching to Rimini Street's award-winning support, SIFLEX was able to unlock significant resources in both time and money for IT transformation projects. As with all of our clients, SIFLEX receives Rimini Street's market leading, ultra-responsive support for their mission-critical system for at least 15 years from the date they switched to Rimini Street.”
About Rimini Street, Inc.
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, and the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products. The company has redefined enterprise software support services since 2005 with an innovative, award-winning program that enables licensees of IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP and other enterprise software vendors to save up to 90 percent on total support costs. Clients can remain on their current software release without any required upgrades for a minimum of 15 years. Over 1,560 global Fortune 500, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries currently rely on Rimini Street as their trusted, third-party support provider. To learn more, please visit https://www.riministreet.com, follow @riministreet on Twitter and find Rimini Street on Facebook and LinkedIn. (C-RMNI)
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements included in this communication are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as “may,” “should,” “would,” “plan,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “continue,” “future,” “will,” “expect,” “outlook” or other similar words, phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our first quarter and annual 2018 revenue guidance, industry, future events, future opportunities and growth initiatives, estimates of Rimini Street's total addressable market, and projections of customer savings. These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations of management and are not predictions of actual performance, nor are these statements of historical facts. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding Rimini Street's business, and actual results may differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, changes in the business environment in which Rimini Street operates, including inflation and interest rates, and general financial, economic, regulatory and political conditions affecting the industry in which Rimini Street operates; adverse litigation developments or government inquiry; the final amount and timing of any refunds from Oracle related to our litigation; our ability to refinance existing debt on favorable terms; changes in taxes, laws and regulations; competitive product and pricing activity; difficulties of managing growth profitably; the loss of one or more members of Rimini Street's management team; uncertainty as to the long-term value of RMNI common stock; and those discussed in Rimini Street's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2018 under the heading “Risk Factors,” as updated from time to time by Rimini Street's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings by Rimini Street with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There may be additional risks that Rimini Street presently knows or that Rimini Street currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements provide Rimini Street's expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this communication. Rimini Street anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Rimini Street's assessments to change. However, while Rimini Street may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Rimini Street specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Rimini Street's assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this communication.
© 2018 Rimini Street, Inc. All rights reserved. “Rimini Street” is a registered trademark of Rimini Street, Inc. in the United States and other countries, and Rimini Street, the Rimini Street logo, and combinations thereof, and other marks marked by TM are trademarks of Rimini Street, Inc. All other trademarks remain the property of their respective owners, and unless otherwise specified, Rimini Street claims no affiliation, endorsement, or association with any such trademark holder or other companies referenced herein.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006227/en/
CONTACT: Rimini Street, Inc.
Michelle McGlocklin, +1 925-523-8414
mmcglocklin@riministreet.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CANADA NEVADA SOUTH KOREA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE INTERNET NETWORKS SOFTWARE SEMICONDUCTOR MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING
SOURCE: Rimini Street, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 07:00 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 07:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006227/en
Seth Meyers assumed that Congress and the gun lobby were merely ignoring pleas for reasonable gun safety regulations. But it turns out they just couldn't hear.
On Wednesday, the “Late Night” host ridiculed the GOP for pushing new legislation that would deregulate gun silencers, which are currently restricted under the National Firearms Act.
Supporters argue that silencers protect hunters and recreational shooters who may experience hearing damage due to the loud noise. Opponents, like former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, say silencers would make mass shootings even more deadly.
The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots.
Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get. — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 2, 2017
Given gun enthusiasts' potential hearing issues, Meyers suggested that gun control advocates take a different tact:
Watch Meyers' full response in the video above.
It may not look like much now, but soon, the sight of a big yellow bus rolling through neighborhoods in Livingston Parish will bring smiles. “We don't want to be set and put in one place,” said Beth Clark, CEO and co-founder of Mighty Moms Go. “We want to be able to get out in the entire parish.”
Right now, Mighty Moms Go serves children in the Livingston Parish School District through their Full Tummy Project, with the help of the school counselors, anonymously. “They find the kids that are susceptible to childhood hunger over the weekend," Clark explained. "Those guidance counselors get the bags through the Full Tummy Project and send them home on Fridays.”
The group serves about 700 children per week, spending about $10,000 per month and $100,000 per year. Leaders say the organization is entirely funded by monetary and food donations from the community. Organizers say although it might seem like they serve a large number of children, they believe their reach has probably only scratched the surface.
So the leaders of Mighty Moms Go have decided to dig a little deeper to make hunger history. “I think it's a way for our community to come together,” said executive director and co-founder, Dawn Birdsong.
The group is widening their already broad reach with another program. Their food pantry expansion includes a bus. Currently, the food pantry is only available one Saturday per month. Leaders hope to have this up and running soon, but the visibly unpleasing bus needs to be converted into a mobile food pantry. The dream is to stuff the school bus with pantry items and non-perishable food.
This bus will allow the group to visit food insecure parts of the parish on a weekly basis. “There are so many people that aren't able to get to us and this is a way that we could get to them,” Clark said.
Right now, Birdsong says this non-profit is looking for a company to help them carry out their vision and help with their efforts. "We're in it for the long haul," Birdsong said. “We need to have this bus on the road.”
Find out how you can help this group here.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
The Latest on nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards (all times local):
6:15 a.m.
The Golden Globes nominations for best actor in a television drama have been announced. They are: Caitriona Balfe, "Outlander"; Claire Foy, "The Crown"; Maggie Gyllenhaal, "The Deuce"; Katherine Langford, "13 Reasons Why" and Elisabeth Moss, "The Handmaid's Tale."
The nominees for best actor in a television drama are: Jason Bateman, "Ozark"; Sterling K. Brown, "This Is Us"; Freddie Highmore, "The Good Doctor"; Bob Odenkirk, "Better Call Saul" and Liev Schreiber, "Ray Donovan."
———
6:05 a.m.
The Golden Globes nominations for best actor in a film comedy or musical have been announced. They are: Judi Dench, "Victoria & Abdul"; Helen Mirren, "The Leisure Seeker"; Margot Robbie, "I, Tonya"; Saoirse Ronan, "Lady Bird"; Emma Stone, "Battle of the Sexes."
The nominees for best performance by an actor in a film comedy or musical are: Steve Carell, "Battle Of The Sexes"; Ansel Elgort, "Baby Driver"; James Franco, "The Disaster Artist"; Hugh Jackman "The Greatest Showman" and Daniel Kaluuya, "Get Out."
———
6:00 a.m.
Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era fairytale "The Shape of Water" swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes, while the HBO drama "Big Little Lies" led the television nominees with six nods.
The nominees for best picture drama are: "Call Me By Your Name," ''Dunkirk," ''The Post," The Shape of Water" and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri."
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: "The Disaster Artist," ''Get Out," ''Lady Bird," ''The Greatest Showman," and "I, Tonya."
The Globes are the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape. Among the supporting actor nominees is Christopher Plummer, who has replaced Kevin Spacey in Ridley Scott's "All the Money in the World." Scott, too, was nominated for best director.
———
5:55 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture drama actor have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: Jessica Chastain, "Molly's Game"; Sally Hawkins, "The Shape of Water"; Frances McDormand, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"; Meryl Streep, "The Post" and Michelle Williams, "All the Money in the World."
The nominees for best actor in a motion picture are: "Timothee Chalamet, "Call Me By Your Name"; Daniel Day-Lewis, "Phantom Thread"; Tom Hanks, "The Post"; Gary Oldman, "Darkest Hour" and Denzel Washington, "Roman J. Israel, ESQ."
———
5:47 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture drama have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: They are "Call Me By Your Name," ''Dunkirk," ''The Post," The Shape of Water" and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri."
———
5:45 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: "The Disaster Artist," ''Get Out," ''The Greatest Showman," ''Lady Bird" and "I, Tonya."
———
5:40 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for the best television drama series have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: "The Crown," ''The Handmaid's Tale," ''This Is Us," ''Stranger Things" and "Game of Thrones."
———
5:35 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best actor in a television comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: Anthony Anderson, "black-ish"; Aziz Ansari, "Master of None"; Kevin Bacon, "I Love Dick"; William H. Macy, "Shameless" and Eric McCormack, "Will & Grace."
———
5:30 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best actor in a television comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: Pamela Adlon, "Better Things"; Alison Brie, "Glow"; Rachel Brosnahan, "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel"; Issa Rae, "Insecure" and Frankie Shaw, "Smilf."
———
5:28 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best limited television series or movie have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: "Big Little Lies," ''Fargo," ''Feud: Bette and Joan," ''The Sinner" and "Top of the Lake: China Girl."
———
5:25 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best animated feature film have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: "The Boss Baby," ''The Breadwinner," ''Coco," ''Ferdinand" and "Loving Vincent."
———
5:22 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for foreign language film have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are "Fantastic Woman," ''First They Killed My Father," "In the Fade," ''Loveless" and "The Square."
———
5:20 a.m.
The reading of Golden Globe nominations has begun in Beverly Hills, California. The nominees for best TV comedy series are: "black-ish," ''The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel," ''Master of None," ''Smilf" and "Will & Grace."
———
5 a.m.
Decked in a large cozy sweater, actor Kristen Bell is sipping coffee and staying warm before they take the stage to announce the nominees for the 75th Golden Globe Awards.
Journalists gathered early Monday at the Beverly Hilton Hotel for the reading of the nominations, which honor acting and other work in film and television.
The hotel is a flurry of activity in these early hours with publicists and members of the press chatting and grabbing a little bite of fruit, bagels and croissants before the nominations announcement begins.
Photographers and camera crews took test shots of the stage where Bell, Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund, and Sharon Stone will read the nominations in 25 categories beginning at 5:15 a.m.
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton.
———
12 a.m.
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards will be announced Monday morning from Beverly Hills, California.
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. Eastern, with a second batch of nominees announced live on NBC's "Today" show. Among the favorites are Steven Spielberg's "The Post" and Christopher Nolan's "Dunkirk."
In the television categories "The Handmaid's Tale" and "Big Little Lies" could be in for a big morning.
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
My own term for the Minsky cycle is the “shampoo economy”: bubble, bust, repeat. Before the housing bubble, there was the dot-com bubble, and before that, another real estate bubble. Scholars have documented centuries of this cycle in action.
The only way to block the cycle is to regulate the sector, dialing up the oversight when amnesia sets in. Yet, largely behind the scenes, President Trump and the Republican majority are busily dismantling many of our newest guardrails. As Stephen Hall of the financial watchdog group Better Markets recently put it: “We are in the early stages of a major wave of financial deregulation that will, without question, increase the likelihood and severity of another financial crisis and once again inflict devastating losses on millions of everyday Americans.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The most visible attack on the financial regulatory system is the administration's attempt to take down the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency that has returned about $12 billion to 29 million people ripped off by the abusive practices of consumer lenders (for example, the bureau fined Wells Fargo $100 million for setting up millions of phony accounts at depositors' expense).
Less visible efforts include a recently introduced bill, one with some bipartisan support (Democrats are not immune to the Minsky cycle), that draws a much smaller corral around lenders deemed to pose systemic risk to the system. A potentially fatal error here is mistaking the size of a bank's holdings instead of its interconnectedness as the determining factor for regulatory scrutiny (Lehman Brothers, whose collapse helped set off the 2008 meltdown, was never the biggest bank on the street).
Then there's the Choice Act, passed by the House last June, which rolls back much of Dodd-Frank, including the Volcker rule, which prevents government bailouts of banks whose liabilities are insured by taxpayers, and the ability of regulators to safely liquidate failed banks that pose systemic threats. Even further behind the scenes, the Trump administration is engaged in broad-based deregulation at the regulatory agencies, installing industry-friendly appointees and dismantling Obama-era rules.
In a revealing development that moves from Minsky to Orwell, Mr. Trump's Treasury Department recently argued that the term “shadow banking,” which refers to financial firms outside the regulatory boundaries, should be replaced by “market-based finance.”
The finance-market amnesiacs are not just attacking the prevention side of the Minsky equation. They're also going after the ability of the government to intervene after the next crisis. The House Financial Services Committee just approved two bills that restrict the Federal Reserve's ability to provide emergency liquidity in a credit freeze (the Fed would need congressional approval, politicizing what should be an independent judgment by the central bank), and to buy any securities other than Treasury bonds (had this been in place, the Fed would not have been able to provide essential credit to the housing market after that bubble burst).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At the same time, fiscal space to support the economy during the next downturn has been diminished by the deficit-financed tax cut. Moreover, President Trump has announced that one of their administration's next priorities is “welfare reform,” code for hacking away at the safety net, Social Security and Medicare.
Simply put, the Republicans' agenda is to deregulate, transfer tax revenues from the Treasury to their donors and shrink government. In year nine of our aging economic expansion, the timing of this agenda is coinciding with the point in the Minsky cycle where risk aversion has flipped to underpriced risk taking amid an aggressive attack on the measures put in place after the last crisis to meet just this moment.
Unless we quickly regain our memories of what happened at the last Minsky moment, this can only end badly.
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Europe's top human rights institution is urging Turkey's leaders to "urgently change course" and reverse violations of media freedoms and the rule of law, voicing alarm over democracy in the country.
The call comes as Turkey is set to hold a referendum in April on switching to a presidential system — a move critics fear will concentrate too many powers in the hands of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The Council of Europe's Commissioner for Human Rights, Nils Muiznieks, said in a report released Wednesday that Turkey's already worrisome state of media freedoms and freedom of expression had reached "seriously alarming" levels since a state of emergency was declared following a failed coup attempt.
The commissioner also expressed concerns over the constitutional amendments that will be voted on in the referendum.
It was unclear what Mr. Trump meant by “horrible statements” on ABC.
It was the first time the president, who previously had called Ms. Barr to congratulate them on the success of their sitcom's reboot, had weighed in on the fallout over their Twitter post.
[Read more about Ms. Barr's Twitter post and ABC's decision to cancel their sitcom.]
But Mr. Trump did not acknowledge the specifics of what Ms. Barr wrote, and later deleted on Tuesday, in reference to Valerie Jarrett, a former senior adviser to President Barack Obama.
Ron Covell (aka “Professor Hammer”) will be traveling the country again this year, teaching a wide variety of topics related to metalworking. There is no prerequisite for any class, and you can count on a full day of instruction, filled with often unexpected approaches to shaping metal and solving common problems. You can get more information on Ron's website (www.covell.biz) or give them a call at (831) 768-0705.
Metal Union, Atlanta, GA March 10 Advanced Steel March 11 Advanced Aluminum Creative Metalworks, Blaine, MN April 7 Track Nose Buck April 8 Track Roadster Nose Enigma Rod Shop, Billerica, MA May 19 Beginning Steel May 20 Beginning Aluminum Thun Field Rod & Custom, Tacoma, WA July 14 Beading Machine Intensive July 15 Complex Metalshaping Bob Smith Coachworks, Gainesville, TX October 13 Track Nose Buck October 14 Track Roadster Nose Macy's Garage, Tipp City, OH October 20 Beginning Steel October 21 Beginning Aluminum New Metal Coachworks, Windsor, CA November 17 Beading Machine Intensive November 18 Complex Metalshaping
Women's issues are at the forefront of many of the hotly debated concerns in the U.S., but one woman's issue that remains mainly untouched is sex work. While prostitution remains illegal and shunned by society, the oldest profession in the world remains an active industry. But for Devon Angus and Ivy Anderson, a former Ojai resident, the story of one particular sex worker played a key role in their new book, Alice: Memoirs of a Barbary Coast Prostitute. Angus and Anderson will be hosting a reading and discussion of their book on June 22 at Bart's Books in Ojai.
Angus and Anderson discussed their book, women's issues, the current political atmosphere and more this week.
How did you find out about Alice? Them original story was published over 100 years ago.
Our discovery of Alice Smith's memoirs began with our shared fascination with Jack Black's infamous criminal memoir, You Can't Win, an underground classic from the 1920s that later inspired William Burroughs and the early Beat movement. Jack Black was a protégé of the San Francisco Bulletin editor Fremont Older (1856-1935). Hoping to give voice to marginalized and ostracized members of society, Older published a series of memoirs from those who were underrepresented and ignored by the media. Alice Smith's memoir was one of these, and from what we can tell, few, if any, have read their words in the last hundred years. We had to scan through reels and reels of microfilm before we finally found it. “A Voice from the Underworld” ran for three months in the summer of 1913, six days a week, as a serial. According to the Bulletin, upward of 3,000 letters in response were received by the paper, including hundreds penned by other sex workers and working class women.
Why did you feel it was important to revisit Alice's story now?
We were immediately struck by the clear feminist narrative of Alice's story, which stands strong as a rare historical document of a working class woman — a sex worker — during the Progressive Era, reflecting on their role in the world of politics, economics, gender norms and societal standards of morality. “Alice Smith,” which is a pseudonym, was addressing many of the same questions that the women who marched on Washington last January were asking. How do women survive, poor women especially, in a society that has stacked the cards against them? Alice's era was an idealistic era of reform where women's voices, after countless years of struggle, were actually listened to, both through the ballot box and through media. What we have discovered through our research, however, is that there were classes of women who were underrepresented or silenced on the larger stage of political and social discourse. Alice Smith, and the dozens of sex workers who wrote into the Bulletin felt that their needs were being dismissed by the greater feminist movement. This conflict brought up a number of nuanced questions about what a truly equitable women's movement looks like.
What have you learned about the struggles facing women and their personal choices between then and now?
“A Voice from the Underworld” and the many letters written in response cover a lot of ground as far as the many ways women struggled for representation, equality, empowerment and basic survival in society. We learned quite a bit from these stories regarding such wide-ranging issues as access to reproductive health care, expectations of subservience in the realm of marriage and the home, sexual double standards, the vast divide in wages offered to women and men, as well as draconian societal expectations, some of which today seem outdated, but many of which continue to resonate. It is no question that women have gained ground in society since 1913; but Alice's story really forced us to reconsider the assumption that things are vastly better for women now. . . . When Alice recounts being hit on by their boss, but demuring their advances in order to keep their job (this is before they turned to sex work), we think any woman alive can relate to this experience.
What do you think of the current political climate, lack of respect when it comes to legislating women's access to affordable health care, etc.?
There is a stunning image of Trump at a press conference announcing the repeal of the Affordable Care Act in the House of Representatives, where they are joyfully flanked by a group of white men — and only white men. Once again, we are in the position where a group of wealthy, white men are calling the shots on how women, as well as trans and genderqueer individuals, can regulate their own bodies. This issue just get more nuanced when you think about who will be impacted the most by policies that destroy access to basic wages, basic health care, basic housing rights: the poor. In 1913, women were demanding a voice in politics because they believed that their needs simply could not be legislated upon by those who did not understand the conditions of their lives. And sex workers turned around and began to organize because they felt the same sort of political alienation from women's rights organizers.
What are some of the highlights from your book that you will share at the event?
Alice Smith's memoir is an important historical document, but is only a piece of the puzzle. The letters to the editor by sex workers and women from all classes of society published alongside Alice's memoir are equally important. Due to the constraints of the book form we could only publish 12 of the nearly 300 letters published by the Bulletin during the memoirs run, so we'll be sharing some of the unpublished highlights. We'll also talk some about who “Alice Smith” was.
Devon Angus and Ivy Anderson will have a book reading and signing of Alice: Memoirs of a Barbary Coast Prostitute on June 22, from 7 to 8 p.m., at Bart's Books at 302 W. Matilija St., in Ojai. For more information, go to www.voicesfromtheunderworld.com.
The Nationals, on the other hand, claimed the N.L. East crown for the fourth time in six years, and did so in early September thanks to a weak division, a strong rotation and a powerful lineup.
Much like the Cubs, Washington knows what it's like to wait for a championship. Although the Nationals have been in existence only since 2005, a Washington baseball team has not won a World Series crown since 1924.
Behind a rotation that featured Max Scherzer, Gio Gonzalez and Strasburg, the Nationals liked their chances this fall. But because of a hamstring injury in their final start of the regular season, Scherzer was pushed back to Game 3 of this series. This prevented Scherzer, who has a shot to repeat as the N.L.'s Cy Young Award winner, from starting twice in this series.
The Game 1 assignment was instead given to Strasburg, who enjoyed perhaps the best regular season of their career but had made only one career postseason start before Friday because of a team-ordered shutdown in 2012 and an arm injury last year.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
For the first five innings on Friday night, Strasburg and Hendricks were locked in a true pitchers' duel. Hendricks, whose fastball sits in the high 80s, had allowed two hits, but flummoxed the Nationals' lineup with a mixture of movement and location. Strasburg was more dominant, carving through the Cubs' lineup with cartoonish pitch movement and velocity in the high 90s.
But in the top of the sixth, the Cubs' Javier Baez led off with a ground ball chopped to Anthony Rendon, the Nationals' slick-fielding third baseman. They dropped it.
The mistake would change the game. Hendricks moved Baez to second base on a sacrifice bunt, and then Ben Zobrist flied out. With two outs, however, the scoring opportunity fell to Bryant.
And they came through, sending a 96-mile per hour fastball that moved back over the plate into right field for a run-scoring single to break up Strasburg's no-hitter. Bryant astutely took second base on the throw home and Rizzo then smacked a high fastball into right field for another run-scoring single.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While Hendricks kept the Nationals off the scoreboard for seven innings, Rizzo notched another critical hit in the eighth inning, driving in Jon Jay with a two-out double off reliever Ryan Madson. The Cubs were back to their recent October ways.
“Last year, I don't care what anyone says, the pressure we didn't really let it affect us,” Rizzo said before the series. “But you look back and it was through the roof. From breaking the curse to the way we did it, the series we went through, the teams we beat. I don't see it being any easier this time around, but I think we're built for it and I think we're ready for it.”
So far, they certainly are.
U.S. businesses stockpiled more goods in December and posted the biggest sales increase in nearly six years.
The Commerce Department says that business inventories rose a seasonally adjusted 0.4 percent in December, led by an increase in stockpiles at stores that sell food and beverages. Auto and auto parts dealers trimmed inventories 0.6 percent; furniture and appliance stores also cut back.
Companies also reported a 2 percent monthly sales increase, best since March 2011.
Manufacturers reported that sales rose 2.2 percent in December; retailers posted a 1.2 percent gain.
U.S. economic growth was hobbled much of last year by inventory cutbacks. But businesses rebuilt stockpiles in the October-December period, accounting for more than half of fourth-quarter economic growth.
The Preds said this week that Boston would be a good test to open the season and it was as the Bruins handed the Preds an opening season los…
New York (AP) — Silver futures trading on the NY Merc Wednesday:
(5,000 troy oz.; cents per troy oz.)
If someone asked a group of drag racers to describe what comes to mind when thinking about the hash tag #turbomoparmafia you will get all types of answers. Most wouldn't include a Dodge Omni however James Reeves isn't like most. The engineer from Augusta Ky. Is a certified car nut, and over the last 20+ years has been racing and tinkering on all sorts of different machines.
When I asked James about the Omni they said “I had a 1970 Nova it was tubbed, had a powerful 350, cage, etc. But when I went to the track it seemed like there was 50 other Novas there. I wanted something different.”
In 1998 James picked up the Omni GLH (Goes Like Hell, as Dodge named it!) and the little car has seen a few different setups over the years. Almost all of the work has been done by James and their friends. When they got the car it ran 15s since then it has run the best of 9.99@143mph.
The front-wheel drive car has a 2.5L (3.48” bore x 4.09” stroke) 4-cylinder engine under hood, last time it was on the chassis dyno the car made 577whp and 551ft.lbs at the tire! In a small, light weight car it makes for some great ETs and 30+ mpg while pulling a trailer.
James has attempted and completed Drag Week 3 times however each year has presented a variety of issues and haven't always been easy. In 2013 the car was on survival mode trying to finish and learn about the event, running on wastegate pressure only the little Omni was running low 11 second ETs when the alternator decided it had enough. After phoning every parts store for miles they found a larger alternator that just barely fit in the car. They qualified for the top 32 in the Street Machine Eliminator class.
James returned to Drag Week in 2015 and started turning the car up as the week went on and running mid 10s. The car actually ran was running great, that isn't to say their little trailer was going to let them finish the week without issues. The well used trailer broke apart and flipped on the interstate, this sent all of their tools, wheels, tires and supplies across the highway. The Omni took a small dent in the back and the #turbomoparmafia quickly helped to clean up the mess off interstate.
2015 had the heads-up shoot out on Saturday. James managed to run the car all out and made their personal best pass of 9.99@143mph. They managed to make a pressure regulator from their air tank work with their boost controller and got 38 psi of boost on that pass.
For 2016 things weren't so nice for James from day 1 they had problems. After swapping to an MLS headgasket before Drag Week the car was pushing water and missing. After limping through to Michigan James met up with a friend and used their air conditioned shop to swap the headgasket on the car.
At US131 the car was still missing and had developed an issue going into third gear. After arriving in Indy and used another friends garage to rebuild the transmission. After replacing some pieces and getting the car back together they were able to get to the hotel at 5 am. When they got up at 7 and headed to the track the car was still missing. James finished off the week way off of their usual ET numbers, and drank a lot of beer while cheering on the #turbomoparmafia.
As it would turn out the o2 sensor had fouled and was flooding the car, once they changed that the car was back. They just didn't find out until long after Drag Week.
For 2017 James plans to return once again. They may not be bringing the Omni though the transmission issues still plague them and as James says “I have a 96 Viper GTS just begging for some drag radials and nitrous”
Throughout all of this James couldn't have done it without the support of their very understanding wife Katie Jo, their mom and dad, Tim Floyd of Creative Fabrication, Steve Menegon. Mike Oaks, Aaron Miller and the NTH Moto Team, Warren Hall, SDAC.org and Drag Week Team 707. This group of people have been there to get the car sorted, supported James and allowed them to enjoy themselves even when its 5 am and the car is in pieces.
The peak season of the mosquito-borne West Nile virus threat should be nearing its end, but state and local agencies are warning people to keep up the fight against mosquitoes.
There were 47 new cases of the disease reported across the state in the past week. Nearly all were in Southern California.
You can see the state totals here.
The Mosquito and Vector Control Association of California is warning people that West Nile virus cases have spiked this fall in Southern California, and three deaths from the disease were reported last month. In addition to fatalities, 88 percent of the reported infections in Los Angeles County have required hospitalizations.
Peak season
Cases of West Nile virus in 2016 by week in the U.S.
Most cases of the virus are reported in the warm summer months, but local vector agencies are warning people of a spike in cases this fall.
So far the Mosquito and Vector Control Association of California has reported successful mosquito abatement in many parts of the state via aerial larviciding. In some places, aerial larviciding reduced mosquito populations by half in the two weeks after spraying occurred.
Another risk is that Asian tiger mosquitoes have been found in several more Southern California cities. Asian tiger mosquitoes are more dangerous because they aggressively pursue people during the day and the evening. They are known transmitters of West Nile virus, dengue and Zika virus.
Mosquito-disease threats, particularly West Nile virus, are higher in Southern California than in other areas of the U.S. The majority of West Nile virus cases do not have symptoms, but 30 percent of people infected will have mild symptoms.
The map below is from the CDC and shows where West Nile virus has infected people by county in 2016.
Things you can do
Wear bug spray
Install window screens
Remove stagnant water where the insects breed
Most at risk:
Adults over 50 years of age and those with compromised immune systems, such as organ transplant recipients, are at a higher risk of a West Nile virus infection.
Bad bugs
The mosquito is the most deadly animal in the world. The World Health Organization estimates that 725,000 people die every year from diseases carried by mosquitoes.
Human cases in California
Orange County as of Aug. 4
Orange County as of Sept. 25
Orange County as of Oct. 3
Visit the OC Vector Control site here.
Visit the Greater Los Angeles County Vector Control District here.
Visit the Riverside County Vector Control here.
Visit the San Bernardo Vector Control here.
Sources: California Department of Health, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Orange County Vector Control, Los Angeles County Vector Control, UC Davis, Mosquito and Vector Control Association of California
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Thursday:
1. HIGH-STAKES DIPLOMACY PLAYING OUT
A senior North Korean official arrives in New York in the highest-level official visit to the United States in 18 years, as President Trump and Kim Jong-un try to salvage their on-again, off-again nuclear summit.
2. 'I'M STILL ALIVE'
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko walks into a news conference a day after police said they had been assassinated. Authorities say their death was staged to foil a plot on their life by Moscow's security services.
3. GRAND JURY INDICTS HARVEY WEINSTEIN
The indictment on rape and criminal sex act charges furthers the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
4. WHICH CONSPIRACY THEORY IS BEING DEBUNKED
There's no evidence that the FBI planted a "spy" on Trump's 2016 campaign, a senior House Republican says, despite the president's repeated assertions.
5. IN MIDEAST, AN UNEASY TRUCE
With a cease-fire declared, Israel and Hamas appear to have avoided — for now — a fourth war after a day of intense rocket fire and airstrikes.
6. WHY DRUG COMPANY ISN'T TAKING BLAME
The maker of Ambien says that "racism is not a known side effect" after Roseanne Barr cited the insomnia drug in explaining the tweet that led ABC to cancel them show.
7. WALMART WORKERS GET COLLEGE ON THE CHEAP
America's largest private employer is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
8. WHAT'S FUELING TRADE TENSIONS
Europe braces for the U.S. to announce restrictions on imported steel and aluminum, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs.
9. BELTWAY ABUZZ OVER MELANIA'S WHEREABOUTS
The first lady tries to tamp down speculation about why she's not been seen in public in nearly three weeks, tweeting that she's "feeling great."
10. WHOSE CAUSE REALITY TV STAR IS CHAMPIONING
Kim Kardashian West visits the White House to advocate on behalf of a woman serving a life sentence for drug offenses.
LONDON (AP) — Watched by the Premier League's biggest-ever crowd, Tottenham scored one of the competition's fastest goals.
Manchester United hadn't even had a chance to touch the ball when Christian Eriksen put the ball in the net after 10.5 seconds at Wembley Stadium on Wednesday.
On a night when Jose Mourinho's side was outrun and new recruit Alexis Sanchez struggled to make an impact, United's pitiful performance was summed up by the own-goal that gifted Tottenham a second goal in a 2-0 victory. Phil Jones inadvertently turned Kieran Trippier's cross into their own net in the 28th minute when the United defender was under no immediate pressure.
It was a damaging defeat for Jose Mourinho's team, with Manchester City allowed to surge 15 points clear of its second-place neighbor by beating West Bromwich Albion 3-0.
This was rarely a contest in front of 81,978 at Tottenham's temporary north London home for the season.
Tottenham set the tone with its explosive start, producing the third fastest goal since the Premier League's inception in 1992.
After the kickoff, Jan Vertonghen's high, long pass from inside their own half reached Harry Kane who headed to Dele Alli and the midfielder flicked the ball across for Eriksen to finish.
It was timed at only 0.1 seconds slower than Alan Shearer's 2003 10.4-second goal for Newcastle against Manchester City. Tottenham does hold the record, with Ledley King netting after 9.9 seconds at Bradford in 2000.
For a Tottenham side that couldn't even beat fourth-tier Newport in the FA Cup on Saturday — drawing 1-1 — beating United so convincingly reasserted its top-four credentials. Tottenham is two points outside the Champions League places in fifth.
HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. & LOUISVILLE, Ky.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Leading health and well-being company Humana Inc. (NYSE: HUM) is teaming up with home-based medical care company Landmark to offer an in-home medical, behavioral and palliative care coordination program for Humana Medicare Advantage members with multiple chronic conditions in seven states. The program gives patients the opportunity to receive quality care in the privacy and comfort of a residential setting.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005029/en/
Landmark physicians and advanced practice providers (Complexivists®) utilize an integrated care model to treat the whole patient. The company also employs pharmacists, nurses, social workers, behavioral health clinicians, and dieticians to provide care management in support of, and in coordination with, the patient's existing primary care physician - Landmark does not replace patients' regular doctors, but augments their care plans in the home.
The program will be available to eligible Humana Medicare Advantage HMO and PPO members with complex health needs - due to multiple chronic conditions such as diabetes, coronary heart disease, cancer, and end-stage renal disease – who live in select counties in Washington (starting in May); Kansas and Missouri (starting in June); Kentucky and Ohio (starting in July); and Louisiana and Mississippi (starting in August).
Available services will include urgent house-call visits 24 hours a day, seven days a week; maintenance visits to proactively monitor conditions; post-hospital discharge visits to assist with transition back into the home; and continuity-of-care in coordination with the patient's primary care physician or specialist.
“This is a very exciting opportunity for Landmark for two key reasons,” said Landmark Chief Business Officer Eric Van Horn. “First, we are aligned in our beliefs that clinical excellence and coordinated care will help people reach their best health outcomes. Second, Humana offers us the opportunity to reach more chronically-ill patients with the type of care we'd want for our own loved ones.”
“We're pleased to work with Landmark to bring this kind of coordinated, at-home care model to our Medicare Advantage members for the first time,” said Humana Health Guidance Organization Vice President Chuck Stemple, D.O. “This collaboration will provide care in a comforting setting with the benefit of an entire care team working in coordination with the patient's existing primary care physician in a holistic approach.”
The agreement with Landmark is part of Humana's longstanding commitment to value-based care, which emphasizes:
More personal time with health professionals and personalized care that is tailored to each person's unique health situation; Access to proactive health screenings and programs that are focused on preventing illness; Improved care for people living with chronic conditions with a focus on avoiding health complications (watch Humana's “Better Chronic Management Through Value-Based Care” video); Leveraging technologies, such as data analytics, that connect physicians and help them work as a team to coordinate care around the patient; and Reimbursement to physicians linked to the health outcomes of their patients rather than solely on the quantity of services they provide (fee-for-service).
Humana has an extensive and growing value-based care presence. As of December 31, 2017, Humana has 1.9 million individual Medicare Advantage members and approximately 140,000 commercial members who are cared for by 52,000 primary care physicians in more than 1,000 value-based relationships across 43 states and Puerto Rico. Humana reached its 2017 calendar year goal of having 66 percent of Humana's 2.9 million total individual Medicare Advantage members seeing primary care physicians in value-based payment relationships. Humana's total Medicare Advantage membership is approximately 3.3 million members, which includes members affiliated with providers in value-based and standard Medicare Advantage settings. For more information, visit humana.com/valuebasedcare.
About Landmark
Landmark is an industry leader of home-based medical care for patients with complex health needs, covering more than 80,000 lives. Its community-based, physician-led medical teams specialize in house calls and deliver medical, behavioral, social and palliative care to individuals with multiple chronic conditions wherever they reside, and wherever they need it. Landmark's teams of mobile clinicians collaborate with patients' families, caregivers and other medical providers to bring coordinated healthcare to people who need it the most. Landmark operates nationally, expanding coverage to reach 13 states in 2018. For more information, visit www.landmarkhealth.org.
About Humana
Humana Inc. is committed to helping our millions of medical and specialty members achieve their best health. Our successful history in care delivery and health plan administration is helping us create a new kind of integrated care with the power to improve health and well-being and lower costs. Our efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with Medicare, families, individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large.
To accomplish that, we support physicians and other health care professionals as they work to deliver the right care in the right place for their patients, our members. Our range of clinical capabilities, resources and tools – such as in-home care, behavioral health, pharmacy services, data analytics and wellness solutions – combine to produce a simplified experience that makes health care easier to navigate and more effective.
More information regarding Humana is available to investors via the Investor Relations page of the company's web site at www.humana.com, including copies of:
Annual reports to stockholders Securities and Exchange Commission filings Most recent investor conference presentations Quarterly earnings news releases and conference calls Calendar of events Corporate Governance information
Additional Information
Humana is a Medicare Advantage HMO and PPO organization with a Medicare contract. Enrollment in a Humana plan depends on contract renewal. The benefit information provided is a brief summary, not a complete description of benefits. For more information, contact the plan. Limitations, copayments and restrictions may apply. Benefits, premium and member cost-share may change on January 1 of each year. The Formulary, pharmacy network, and/or provider network may change at any time. You will receive notice when necessary.
Y0040_GHHK6QKEN Accepted
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005029/en/
CONTACT: Landmark Health
Jessica Diaz, 657-234-8416
jdiaz@landmarkhealth.org
or
Humana Corporate Communications
Alissa Krinsky, 312-441-5576
akrinsky@humana.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CARIBBEAN CALIFORNIA PUERTO RICO KANSAS KENTUCKY LOUISIANA MISSISSIPPI MISSOURI OHIO WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH OTHER HEALTH NURSING GENERAL HEALTH MANAGED CARE
SOURCE: Landmark Health
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 10:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 10:00 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005029/en
By KEVIN FREKING
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia is warning bankers that legislation rolling back financial rules put in place after the 2008 economic crisis could stall.
Warner says legislation revamping the law known as Dodd-Frank "will not pass if it comes back to the Senate" for another vote.
Warner's comments are a warning shot to House Republicans. They want to amend Senate-passed legislation that would provide regulatory relief for banks.
But Warner tells members of the American Bankers Association that 17 Democrats who voted for the Senate bill have taken "an awful lot of heat." They're not anxious to revisit the debate.
The bankers are in Washington for a conference. Warner tells them the Senate bill contains several House provisions and "we've stretched this about as far as we can go."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In a joint operation by Border Police and the Israel Nature and National Parks Protection Authority, two Palestinian Authority residents without permits to be in other parts of Israel were caught "red-handed" in the illegal hunting of goldfinches in the Lower Galilee.
Their arrest resulted in the discovery of a gang of hunters and traffickers, whose members included a Jordanian citizen with a residency permit and an Israeli citizen from Jerusalem's Shu'afat neighborhood.
Interested in Trump Administration? Add Trump Administration as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Trump Administration news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The Senate on Tuesday confirmed President Donald Trump's pick to lead the National Security Agency and the U.S. Cyber Command.
On a voice vote, the Senate approved Paul Nakasone for one of the nation's top intelligence posts. They also approved their military promotion to general.
Nakasone, a longtime member of the cryptologic community, has a strong background in cyber issues.  They are replacing the current director, Mike Rogers, who is retiring.
During their confirmation hearing, Nakasone said China, Russia and other nations that launch cyberattacks against the United States aren't worried about retribution and see no reason to change their behavior.
"They don't fear us," they said at the hearing, adding that the U.S. must impose costs on those adversaries to make them stop.
Nakasone previously commanded the U.S. Army Cyber Command and held military intelligence positions in Afghanistan, Iraq and the Republic of Korea.
10:47 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Israelis back pardon for Elor Azariya Read more By double-digit margin, Israelis favor presidential pardon for Elor Azariya. Israelis also back Hotovely following controversial comments. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Notre Dame High in Riverside has an enrollment of 450.
Everybody pretty much knows everybody else at a school that size.
Or so you'd think …
“People at school I've never talked to are saying ‘Congratulations' and ‘Great job,' ” said Notre Dame junior Anthony Holland.
Holland is a starter on Notre Dame's boys basketball team. That team is on a heck of a run. The Titans have won 25 games in a row, including a CIF Southern Section championship game.
Notre Dame (33-3) will play in a CIF State boys basketball championship game for the first time. The Titans face Pleasant Valley of Chico (31-2) in the Division III final at Golden 1 Center in Sacramento on Saturday at 4 p.m.
Jessica Barrow is experiencing the same newfound fame at Sunny Hills in Fullerton, where they are a starting junior forward. Sunny Hills is in a CIF State girls basketball championship game for the first time. The Lancers (24-10) play West Campus (28-7) of Sacramento on Friday at 2 p.m. in the Division III championship game at Golden 1 Center.
Barrow is receiving greetings and platitudes from longtime school friends, casual acquaintances and even from “people I've never even seen before at school,” they said. “They're coming up and saying ‘Congratulations' and ‘Thank you.'”
Sunny Hills finished third in the Freeway League. That's a good girls basketball league, but nobody predicted the Lancers would still be playing at this point in the season. This is a “came out of nowhere” team.
“It's been unreal,” said Sunny Hills coach Jae Byun.
Byun played basketball and football at Sunny Hills, and remembers as a 10-year-old watching the 2004 Sunny Hills boys basketball team, a “came out of nowhere team” that started 3-9 and won a CIF-SS championship and advanced to a regional championship game.
“After every game we win,” Byun said, “I wake up the next morning and say, ‘Oh, my gosh, our season's still going on!' ”
Barrow and Byun can hardly avoid knowing the season still is going on. A video board in the quad at Sunny Hills has been showing highlights of the team's playoff games.
“It's just surreal right now,” Barrow said.
Also surreal for Sunny Hills is the opportunity to play in an NBA arena. Golden 1 Center is the home of the Sacramento Kings. That can work negatively on the minds of high school players in the biggest game of their lives.
“This is what I'm going to tell my teammates,” Barrow said. “ ‘When the ball goes up it's time to focus only on the court – no TV cameras, no fans, nothing else. Just on the game.' ”
Holland also is trying to grasp the reality of playing in an NBA setting.
“It's been a dream of mine for a long time,” said Holland, a 6-5 forward averaging 18 points and seven rebounds a game. “I've always wanted to play on an NBA court. This is a dream come true.”
Chino Hills' boys basketball team has had plenty of success in recent seasons. Few would have predicted it would have further success in the present.
Before the season started, Chino Hills basketball was a national story when self-serving media personality LaVar Ball decided that their youngest son, LaMelo, would leave the school and go play pro basketball in Lithuania with their older brother, LiAngelo.
Those who thought Chino Hills was just a Ball team were wrong. The Huskies (25-11), CIF-SS Division 1 champs, are playing in the CIF State Division I boys basketball championship game against Las Lomas (31-3) of Walnut Creek on Friday at 8 p.m.
“We're still here,” said Chino Hills' Onyeka Okongwu, a 6-foot-8 junior who is among the nation's top recruits in their class.
Chino Hills first-year coach Dennis Latimore said the Huskies probably did not need additional gas to light their fire.
“Most teenagers have a chip on their shoulder, anyway,” Latimore said. “They're already mad at the world. But these kids, they've been extra motivated.”
So the Huskies had that “nobody believes in us” mantra going all season. Now they are playing for a second state boys basketball championship, having won one in 2016.
“It feels good,” said Okongwu, a first-year student starter on the 2016 state title team. “A lot of people doubted us, but we'd dealt with a lot of adversity already.”
Chino Hills' students are becoming believers, too.
“Throughout the season, more and more people are telling us about how well we're going,” Okongwu said. “More and more people are coming to our games.”
It's been more like sudden stardom around Riverside for Notre Dame's players.
“I didn't know it was going to be like this,” Holland said. “Little kids are coming up to talk to me, and they know everything about me. It feels like I'm a celebrity.”
FILE - In this Saturday, Dec. 3, 2016 file photo, Demetrious Johnson reacts after defeating Tim Elliott during a mixed martial arts flyweight bout in Las Vegas. Demetrious Johnson chasing an unprecedented 11th title defense and a headline fight that could decide Conor McGregor's next opponent top a UFC 216 card set for Saturday, Oct. 7, 2017 in Las Vegas, an event playing out in a city still reeling from a mass shooting in which 58 people were killed and nearly 500 were injured. (AP Photo/John Locher, File)
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Demetrious Johnson chasing an unprecedented 11th title defense and a headline fight that could decide Conor McGregor's next opponent top a UFC 216 card set for Saturday in Las Vegas, an event playing out in a city still reeling from a mass shooting in which 58 people were killed and nearly 500 were injured.
The mixed-martial arts promotion has pledged $1 million to help victims and their families, UFC President Dana White said. The pay-per-view card is one of many events that quickly resumed in Las Vegas after the shooting on Sunday, including a major casino conference, magic shows and concerts and a Los Angeles Lakers practice game set for Sunday in the same T-Mobile Arena where UFC 216 will take place.
"I'd say to the people outside of Las Vegas: Don't be afraid to come here," White told TMZ as they pledged the donation.
The main event will be a contest for the interim lightweight title, as second-ranked Tony Ferguson (22-3) fights seventh-ranked Kevin Lee (16-2). Ferguson has a nine-fight win streak coming into the bout, and the winner could ultimately fight against megastar Conor McGregor to unify the belt.
Ferguson has already been arguing for that for the winner on Saturday, as McGregor mulls their return to MMA after a highly popular crossover boxing match against Floyd Mayweather in late August.
"The real righteous thing to do is to make sure the belts become unified," Ferguson said. "That's what really needs to happen."
Johnson, nicknamed "Mighty Mouse," is tied with MMA legend Anderson Silva with 10 consecutive title defenses, which Silva accomplished in the middleweight division. Johnson, 31, is considered by many to be the top pound-for-pound fighter in the sport, having not lost a fight in more than six years.
 They are the only flyweight champion in UFC history, winning the inaugural title against Joseph Benavidez in 2012 as the promotion expanded weight divisions. Johnson has rarely been tested during this run and is a heavy favorite facing third-ranked flyweight Ray Borg (11-2).
The two were originally scheduled to fight at UFC 215 one month ago, but Borg fell ill shortly before the fight and withdrew. The fight was quickly rescheduled and added as the co-main event for this weekend.
"I'm happy the UFC got it rescheduled super-fast," Johnson said.
Johnson seems unfazed by the delay and said they thought Borg deserved the fight rather than a fill-in opponent on the original card.
"I mean, guys, it's only been four weeks and nothing's changed. They got sick and it happens," Johnson said.
Borg says he's confident even despite the delay and Johnson's formidable streak.
"Nothing has changed in my mind. My mind is still to go out there and win that belt," they said.
The North Korean crisis is about to reach the point of no return. It appears, however, that it will be up to China to say the last word before it happens.
If we look at the chain of events of the North Korean crisis in chronological order, one should probably go back to August 8, when tensions between the US and the DPRK started to develop too rapidly.
On August 8, it was reported that an intercontinental ballistic missile of the DPRK can be equipped with a nuclear warhead. Angered by the UN sanctions, Pyongyang pledged to respond with "physical actions." The US president could not miss that and promised "fire and fury" to the DPRK.
Pyongyang then said that its Hwaseong-12 missiles could destroy a US army base on Guam. Trump understood that their warning seemed "not tough enough," and promised "things will happen to them [the DPRK] like they never thought possible."
More military news comes from the US again. "Military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong-un will find another path!" the American president wrote on their Twitter on Friday. A couple of hours later, they retweeted a photo of B-1B bombers on Guam. Pentagon chief confirmed Washington's readiness for most decisive actions.
As we can see, the world is getting ready for another war. Australian officials said that they fully support actions of the United States. NATO is also ready to make a decision in USA's favor, but Germany called for restraint and warned against a nuclear war. Japan alerted the Patriot missile system to combat readiness. Pyongyang immediately responded with a threat to launch four medium-range Hwaseon-12 missiles on Guam through Japan.
The voice of another major regional player - China - seemed to have been lost in the battle of words. The position of China was subsequently described in an editorial for the Global Times: "It needs to make clear its stance to all sides and make them understand that when their actions jeopardize China's interests, China will respond with a firm hand," the article said.
At the same time, the Chinese leadership explained that China would remain neutral should the North Korean missiles threaten the USA. Yet, as soon as Washington and Seoul, wishing to overthrow the North Korean regime, aim their missiles at the DPRK, China will do everything to prevent this.
One does not need to read between the lines to understand it: China will take every effort to defend North Korea. The Chinese have done this in the past: in 1950-53, China took the side of North Korea against the Americans, who used the UN flag in they conflict.
Washington has embarked on another crusade against China. The US has opened investigation into China's violations of intellectual property rights. The announcement does not mean that the US is ready to impose sanctions on China. It certainly means, though, that the announced investigation will lead to an increase in duties on the import of Chinese goods to America and European countries.
Last night, a telephone conversation between Chinese President Xi Jinping and US President Donald Trump took place, in which the Chinese leader directly called on their American counterpart to avoid harsh words and actions against the DPRK and stated that China could respond to America's hostile actions against the DRPK.
Meanwhile, Congressman from Rhode Island Rep. David Cicilline urged Speaker Paul Ryan to call back the House from its August recess to debate legislation that would require congressional approval for a US pre-emptive strike.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
COSBY (WATE) – The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation is investigating the circumstances surrounding an officer involved shooting Sunday night.
According to the TBI, the incident occurred on Middle Creek Road around 7:30 p.m. Agents said a Cocke County deputy responded to reports of a man with outstanding warrants walking along Middle Creek Road.
When the man saw the deputy, TBI said they ran into a wooded area. At some point during foot chase, agents said the suspect confronted the deputy with a weapon which resulted in the deputy firing shots that struck the man.
The suspect was taken to the Newport Medical Center where they later died. According to Cocke County Sheriff Armando Fontes, the officer involved is fine.
No identities have been released. The statement did not include the names of the deputy or the man.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Transcript for A family of Eagles fans surprise their father with tickets to the Super Bowl
patriots fans winning is nothing new. But for eagles fans, after decades of defeat, this is a once-in-a-lifetime chance. Here's Eva pilgrim. Reporter: For eagles' fans, it's a moment they've been waiting a lifetime to see. I think most of the country is on our side. That's just the way I feel. New England, how many do they want to win? Reporter: The birds have never won the super bowl. These notorious fans, starved, desperate to call themselves champions. And anyone who can get to the bold north making it happen. This video, two sons surprising their dad with tickets, going viral. I'm going, I'm going! Reporter: Jim Mulhern is 75 years old. He's cheered for the eagles their whole life. I just went bananas and I had not done that in a very, very long time. Reporter: So, when their beloved team made it, their sons knew they had to get their dad there. I just gave them a hug, and there was a lot of excitement and laughter, and it's been a long time coming for the eagles. Reporter: This love for the birds a family affair passed down from generation to generation. Wearing green a badge of honor. So you have forced it on your children, as well? Good parenting. But the road to the championship has one obstacle -- beating football royalty, legendary qb Tom Brady and coach Bill Belichick going for their sixth ring. But being the underdog is something eagles' fans are comfortable with, even relish. E-a-g-l-e-s! Eagles! Reporter: Eva pilgrim, ABC news, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Those fans are fired up. Thanks so much for watching. I'm Tom llamas in New York. "Good morning America" and "This week" in the morning. I'll see you right back here tomorrow night. Have a great evening. Good night.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The real fun will come before the fight, and what a spectacle it should be. Put Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor on a stage together to promote their fight and anything can happen.
Put them together in a ring, though, and it's an absolute mismatch.
That's the first thing to consider when all the talk begins about what a devastating puncher McGregor is. The first thing to think about when it's suggested that Mayweather may have lost some of their skills after two years of traveling the world in their private jet.
If you thought you were snookered out of $100 when Mayweather fought a snoozer against Manny Pacquiao, you might keep a firm hand on your wallet. The greatest defensive fighter of their time against a guy who has never thrown a punch in a pro boxing match?
Let the yawning begin.
This could be 12 rounds of tedium on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas that makes Mayweather-Pacquiao look like Hagler-Hearns in comparison. It might be some kind of bizarre disqualification when McGregor finds out Mayweather doesn't stick their chin out to be hit the way some UFC fighters do or really does try to kick Mayweather when he's down.
What it won't be is any kind of legitimate fight, no matter how much rabid UFC fans want desperately to believe it will be.
That's no knock on McGregor, who is a ferocious puncher in the octagon with a personality to match their power. Indeed, they would likely be heavily favored over Mayweather had the two decided to do the fight under UFC rules.
One of the great trash talkers, too, who was just warming up on Wednesday when they told UFC chief Dana White what their intentions are.
"Conor told me this morning the McGregor clan has been taking over villages for 300 years," White said, "and that Floyd's village is next."
Good stuff, and there's lots more to come. McGregor can turn a phrase as well as they can throw a punch or a water bottle at an opponent.
If this was a reality show it would be a hit in the ratings. Just imagine the scene when McGregor rolls into Mayweather's new strip club in Las Vegas and mimics their propensity for throwing cash around.
But this is a boxing match, and Mayweather is a masterful boxer. They were throwing punches before they could walk, and if they had elected to stay in retirement he'd still be considered one of the top 10 fighters ever.
Two years out of the ring won't change that. Age won't be a factor, either, and Mayweather has never let themselves get out of shape.
Oddsmakers in this gambling city understand that, setting the initial line at a whopping 11-1 in Mayweather's favor. It would be even higher than that, but UFC fans will be lining up with $20 bills in hand to bet their man as an underdog.
"Realistically if we were just putting up a number and didn't have to take bets on it, Floyd would be 100-1," said Nick Bogdanovich, oddsmaker for the William Hill chain.
Mayweather was out on a run in Los Angeles when the fight was announced, training intensely already like they always do. Someone else will have to watch over the strip club for a few months while they focus on the task at hand.
There's huge money at stake, even for a fighter who made more than $200 million for beating Pacquiao. No one is making predictions, but it's likely the hybrid fight will at least end up in second place in pay-per-view sales behind the $400 million or so brought in by the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight.
Balance that against the chance McGregor may ruin their brand — and that of the UFC — by being embarrassed by Mayweather in the ring, and the money wins out.
Even White, who was initially skeptical about putting their star in a boxing match, seems ready now to push the idea that they could actually win.
"I've stopped doubting this kid a long time ago," White said. "The reason he's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone, anywhere, at any time."
Give McGregor credit for doing that, but give them even more credit for what turned out to be a masterful plan to make the fight happen. It was two years ago that they first suggested they could beat Mayweather in a boxing ring, and he's trolled Mayweather ever since, jabbing at every opening until they finally got them to sign on the dotted line.
Sure, it's a freak show of sorts, bordering on something you see in WWE. But both fighters know their roles, and they will play them well.
So enjoy the ride, because it should be a wild one.
Just understand that the fun almost surely ends when the opening bell rings.
———
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at tdahlberg@ap.org or http:twitter.com//timdahlberg
The Fourth of July is a time to get away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life to enjoy barbecues, fireworks, and time with friends.
But the question of what to play at your Independence Day celebration can be a tricky one.
You may have already added songs like Miley Cyrus' "Party in the U.S.A.," Katy Perry's "Firework," or the Guess Who is a classic "American Woman" to your playlist. Or perhaps you've taken a more current route and are listening to Childish Gambino's new anthem, "This Is America," or Sting and Shaggy's "Dreaming in the U.S.A." Still, to help you round things out, here are a few patriotic numbers you may have forgotten to help you celebrate the holiday.
“America” – Simon & Garfunkel (1968) This anthem, taken from the album “Bookends,” perfectly captures a couple trying to find themselves in the midst of a journey. Its classic, soaring melody creates a sense of open-ended optimism.
“American Girls” – Counting Crows (2002) Taken from 2002's “Hard Candy,” this is easily Counting Crows' bounciest and most glee-filled single. Sheryl Crow's background vocals further add to this song's beach-ready brightness.
“American Soul” U2 Featuring Kendrick Lamar (2017) This is U2's rallying cry to the country featuring a sermon-like intro from Kendrick Lamar.
“Bleed American” – Jimmy Eat World (2001) This thunderous alt-rock classic is a hard-hitting anthem to the American work ethic. Perhaps it contains a touch of menace, but it will get the party started.
“4th of July, Asbury Park (Sandy)” – Bruce Springsteen (1973) This is one of Springsteen's best tracks, anchored by a strong sense of lyrical detail and thick with romanticism. You can almost feel the boardwalk breeze as you listen.
“American Baby” – The Dave Matthews Band (2005) This song is full of emotional tension and tight orchestration. Perhaps it is more intense than bright, but it sounds downright cinematic in its approach.
“Kids in America” Kim Wilde (1981) A synth-pop anthem to youthful boredom, this hit from Kim Wilde became essential listening in the early '80s. Blending a danceable beat and a seething punk attitude this song (in either version) still packs a punch.
“Firecracker” Ryan Adams (2001) Taken from their alt-country classic, “Gold,” this Dylan-esque workout has a strong Americana core as Adams pleads, “I just want to be your firecracker,” using the imagery as a metaphor for unabashed passion.
“American Girl” Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers (1976) All you have to do is hear the first few seconds of the guitar riff and you'll no doubt be filled with a sense of youthful enthusiasm. Few songs are this iconic.
Tesla is bringing photovaltaic panels and Powerwall batteries to U.S. retail giant Home Depot . According to Bloomberg, "The tech pioneer is beginning to roll out Tesla-branded selling spaces at 800 of the retailer's locations. The areas, which will be outfitted during the first half of this year, are staffed by Tesla employees and can demonstrate its solar panels and Powerwall battery." From the report:
Spotted bass are some people's favorite and other people's least favorite bass. They were originally native to the Tennessee and Coosa River basins and have been widely introduced to other watersheds across the Southeast.
AMC
Fear The Walking Dead (Sunday, AMC 9:00 p.m.) — Fear The Walking Dead has really found its footing in its third season by focusing on different characters and growing what really works. Part of this success has been the focus on Alicia, who has really come into their own as a compelling protagonist this season. It's a cinematic world where anyone can be killed, but the showrunners would be wise to continue their focus on the most interesting member of the Clark family.
Once Upon A Time (Friday, ABC 8:00) — After losing its trio of main characters, Once Upon A Time is looking to shake up the formula with an older Henry, Cinderella, and another curse. So much for everyone's happy ending last season.
Macgyver (Friday, CBS 8:00 p.m.) — Riley disappears during their first solo mission, so the rest of the team comes together to find them
Hell's Kitchen (Friday, FOX 8:00 p.m.) — 16 contestants compete in individual challenges, learning how to handle the heat of the kitchen and the ferocity of Gordon Ramsay's disdain.
The Brave (Friday, NBC 8:00 p.m.) — The team heads to Russia to find a CIA operative who's been attacked by rebels.
Marvel's Inhumans (Friday, ABC 9:00 p.m.) — The Inhumans are trapped in Hawaii (tough break) and desperate to find each other after Maximus threw everything into chaos.
Hawaii 5-0 (Friday, CBS 9:00 p.m.) — An injured police dog is the only witness to a drug bust gone wrong.
The Exorcist (Friday, FOX 9:00 p.m.) — Tomas and Marcus try to make their escape while also finishing Cindy's exorcism.
Halt And Catch Fire (Saturday, AMC 9:00 p.m.) — Cameron helps Donna pack up and Joe helps Haley find an old keepsake. Bos makes chili.
Saturday Night Live (Saturday, NBC 11:30 p.m.) — Wonder Woman‘s Gal Gadot hosts with musical guest Sam Smith.
Matt Gaudet scores 4, Yale beats Duke 13-11 for NCAA title Yale players pose with the trophy after defeating Duke in the NCAA college Division I championship final lacrosse game, Monday, May 28, 2018, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. (AP) -- No need for Yale to continue referring to its last ''national championship'' in lacrosse.
The Bulldogs claimed an undisputed title with a 13-11 win over Duke in the NCAA lacrosse championship game on Monday, scoring 36 seconds in and fighting off every rally the Blue Devils could put together.
''It's just an incredible, incredible experience,'' said Yale captain Ben Reeves, who closed out their college career with a goal and three assists.
Jack Tigh scored 36 seconds into the game for their first of three goals in the opening half and Matt Gaudet scored four goals for Yale, which last claimed a lacrosse national title in 1883 - long before the NCAA existed.
The third-seeded Bulldogs (17-3) scored the first three goals and struck first in all four quarters while holding off the three-time national champion Blue Devils. Jack Starr made nine saves for Yale, which led 10-5 midway through the third period and never let Duke (16-4) get closer than two.
''We were one of the better teams at the start of the season and now we're the best team at the end. That, to me, is mission accomplished,'' said Yale coach Andy Shay, who has taken the Bulldogs to six of their nine NCAA tournament appearances.
Yale never made it passed the NCAA quarterfinals before beating top-seeded Albany 20-11 on Saturday in the semifinals, when Gaudet scored six and Reeves had five goals and four assists. Gaudet got their first on Monday with 9:13 left in the first period, after Tigh had already scored two, and added three more in the second half.
''As soon as I saw the back of my defender's helmet, I just went under him,'' Gaudet said. ''They'd be able to draw the slide and I was able to get my lay-ups.
''I just owe it all to my teammates.''
Yale is the first Ivy League school to win the title since Princeton in 2001.
Story Continues
Justin Guterding and Joey Manown had two goals and an assist each for Duke, which fell to 3-3 in the championship game.
''They played great and they came out hot,'' Guterding said. ''We started on our heels. It's tough to play from behind.''
Manown's goal with 5:59 left in the third period was the first of three straight goals for Duke that brought the Blue Devils from down 10-5 to 10-8 in less than three minutes.
Yale was back up 12-9 after three quarters and Gaudet scored again with 8:11 left in the fourth, giving Yale enough cushion to hold off Duke's attempts to rally.
Danny Fowler had six saves for the Blue Devils. Joe Robertson, Peter Conley and Kevin Quigley scored two goals apiece for Duke, which was in the title game for the first time since clinching back-to-back championships with an 11-9 win over Notre Dame in 2014.
Tigh scored the first two goals of the game and picked up their third before halftime, giving Yale a 6-4 lead entering the second half.
Reeves scored their first of the game with 13:33 left in the third and added an assist on Matt Tevlin's goal 1:35 later to put the Bulldogs up 8-4. Yale needed less than two minutes to go up 9-4 when Gaudet scored from the left side of the net off a pass from Reeves while Duke was a man down because of a slashing call on Reilly Walsh.
''They were winning face-offs. They had more possessions and we weren't picking up some of the ground balls that I think we would have liked,'' said Brad Smith who had a goal and an assist for Duke in their final game. ''It's tough to play from behind against anybody. They were smart with the ball and kind of took the air out of it a little bit.''
The Blue Devils won the faceoff and Guterding scored 10 seconds later, but Gaudet struck again for Yale for their 40th goal of the season, putting the Bulldogs up 10-5.
''We came out hot in the third quarter and we knew Duke was going to respond shortly after,'' Reeves said. ''We were able to make a couple plays late in that third quarter to kind of stretch that lead and thankfully hold on to it.''
Duke climbed back in it with three straight goals. Yale's Jason Alessi atoned for a penalty with a goal with 27 seconds left and Yale led 12-9 after three.
''It was an absolute battle. We jumped out on them and they grinded and we responded by grinding,'' said Shay, who called the title a going-away present for Yale athletic director Tom Beckett, who hired Shay 15 years ago and is retiring at the end of the academic year.
Shay asked Beckett as they entered the postgame news conference if they would agree it was an ''outside-the-box hire.''
''Not now I won't,'' Beckett responded with a smile.
I'll admit it – I'm addicted to shooting steel targets. I hardly ever shoot paper anymore. Even if I'm zeroing a new gun I'd rather shoot a freshly painted steel target rather than stapling paper and looking for tiny holes. Reactive and moving steel targets are even better.
Birchwood Casey recently rolled out their Bushwacker target at SHOT Show 2018. It's simple, yet fun and reactive. Constructed of AR400 1/4″ steel, it's only for .22LR. But it's more than just a bouncing spring paddle or static steel plate. The Bushwacker is two pivoting/falling plates with a lever between them. Besides the hinged paddles the only moving part is the rocking lever secured by a grade 5 bolts. It has staking holes to keep the target from shifting around. Simply stake and shoot.
Since it's reactive you get a little bit of target transition practice along with the rewarding “PING” when it's wacked. I also thought it was neat how the bullet spalling (no ricochets) dug a nice clean tiny ditch right in front of the target. We shot it several hundred times this past Youth Marksmanship Camp without any issues. I imagine it will last a long while.
See it in action here:
It's simple, durable, rewarding, and affordable. It was retailing $102.30 direct from Birchwood Casey however I found it here for a much more practical $64. So get you one, or two, and let the kids enjoy some reactive rimfire practice.
The strange case of a Hong Kong pro-democracy activist who claimed mainland Chinese agents stapled their legs as a warning has taken another twist after police arrested them Tuesday on suspicion of providing false information.
Howard Lam made waves last week with their eye-catching allegations, which rekindled fears about Beijing interfering in Hong Kong despite promising it considerable autonomy since the 1997 handover from Britain. But police said their story didn't check out.
"The victim's reports about their activities on that day and the investigation's results do not match," police said in a statement, "At this time, there's no evidence that anyone was illegally detained in Hong Kong."
Lam, 42, had intended to send a signed photo of Argentine soccer star Lionel Messi to Liu Xia, the widow of late Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo, and posted their plans on Facebook. They said received a call early last week from an acquaintance on the mainland warning them not to send the photo.
Lam said that on Thursday, unknown Mandarin-speaking men abducted them from a busy street in Cantonese-speaking Hong Kong and rendered them unconscious. They said they beat them and warned them not to follow through on their plan.
They said they also stapled Xs into their thighs because they are Christian. They displayed their wounds to reporters at a press conference Friday, flanked by members of their Democratic Party, before filing a police report and going to a hospital.
Police said Tuesday that they arrested Lam on suspicion of providing false information to mislead police after carrying out an investigation, including checking surveillance footage from cameras in the area.
Lam's case stirred concerns that Beijing is tightening its hold on Hong Kong, following other recent cases including the secret detention of a group of Hong Kong booksellers and a Chinese-Canadian tycoon whose whereabouts are unknown. In both cases, mainland security agents are suspected of taking them across the border, in violation of Hong Kong's constitution.
———
Follow Kelvin Chan: www.twitter.com/chanman
by Capt Tony Shepherd and Capt Rocky Fulmer
Little River Guide Service
The lake is currently at full pool for the first time in a while. There is an abundance of brush, grass and other cover that is now submerged and providing habitat for prey and predators alike. The herring spawn only recently kicked into high gear around the last week of April, but looks as if it will be ending soon.
General conclusion is that the herring staged in normal locations but stayed deeper due to cold nights. The seagulls, loons and migratory spawning stripers and hybrids typically arrive at the same time every year to await the frenzy that is the herring spawn. This year, the gulls and loons departed hungry. The majority of the stripers went ahead and carried out their false spawning activities and then returned to deeper water to recover. The majority of hybrids continued to follow the herring but will soon follow it to deeper water. Over the last few weeks, we have caught fish near the bank on shallow points and shoals only to find them 40 feet deep the next day when the shallows would not produce. There was a fairly consistent hybrid bite near the Thurmond dam and bait cove that was mostly a low light event from 5am till dawn and again in the evening.
Currently, the fish are in a transition stage, meaning some are shallow on the remaining herring, some are in the back of coves and pockets and some are holding on the deep edges of river channels. Be prepared to pull out the kitchen sink and attack them with freelines, planer boards, cut bait, live bait, down rods and TNT if necessary. Be flexible for a while. The summer pattern is fast approaching.
June fishing will be some the best and hottest action of the entire year. The early morning feast should be phenomenal and lead to nonstop action, full coolers and happy anglers. Look for fish to gather on humps and saddles in the 24 to 30 foot range. Present them a lively blueback herring on a down rod and watch it bend. The Shriver Creek to Parksville area of the lake should be the most productive stretch of water. Tight lines.
REDMOND, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Nintendo's dropping some fresh (and free!) new content for on Nintendo Switch tonight! After downloading a major new update (Version 3.0) to the Splatoon 2 game at 6 p.m. PT, players will have access to a huge amount of new content. This includes the addition of more than 100 pieces of new and returning gear, new songs, the introduction of a challenging new X Rank for the top-performing players in Ranked Battle, weapon balance adjustments and the return of Callie of the famous Squid Sisters.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005662/en/
X Rank is an extremely challenging Ranked Battle experience targeting the best-of-the-best players. (Photo: Business Wire)
“As promised when the game was first announced, we are determined to provide players with new experiences and content in Splatoon 2,” said Doug Bowser, Nintendo of America's Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. “Through these regular updates, we are ensuring that both players old and new will log on to fun new experiences.”
X Rank is an extremely challenging Ranked Battle experience targeting the best-of-the-best players. Players who are S+10 in the current Splatoon 2 ranking system will automatically be registered as X Rank after downloading the update. Players who are X Rank will battle for an X Power level. Once a month, 500 players with the highest X Power level for each of the four different Ranked Battle modes will be announced within SplatNet 2, a service of the Nintendo Switch Online app for mobile devices.
X Power levels will be reset every month. During this reset, players whose X Power level ends up lower than a set threshold will rank down to S+9. This new system encourages players of all ranks to enjoy improving their play and maintaining their skills, as opposed to simply focusing on ranking up.
The first X Power reset is currently scheduled for May 31, and any future resets will take place on the final day of that month. As part of these periodic resets, the rotation of eight selected stages in Ranked Battle (with two stages rotating every two hours), the addition of new weapons and the introduction of new stages will also occur. In fact, tonight will also see the return of the popular stage Camp Triggerfish, along with four additional weapons.
In addition to X Rank, when Version 3.0 goes live this evening, this new update adds more than 100 pieces of gear – some new, some returning from the original Splatoon game – as well as new songs from Chirpy Chips, a popular in-game chiptune-style band featured in the first game. The update will also include some weapon balance adjustments, bug fixes and other changes.
Fans of the Squid Sisters will need to sit down, as the software update also marks the long-awaited return of Callie. Once players meet a certain condition after downloading the update, Callie will appear in Tentakeel Outpost in Octo Canyon. As exciting as it is to see the Squid Sisters reunited, Callie will also offer recent multiplayer stats about the player's character.
For complete notes about Version 3.0 additions and instructions about how to download the updates, visit the official Nintendo customer support site.
For more information about Splatoon 2, visit https://splatoon.nintendo.com/ or https://splatoonus.tumblr.com/. Check out ongoing Splatoon 2 Inkling Open tournament activity at https://e3.nintendo.com/splatoon-2-inkling-open/.
Remember that Nintendo Switch features parental controls that let adults manage the content their children can access. For more information about other features, visit https://www.nintendo.com/switch/.
About Nintendo: The worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment, Nintendo Co., Ltd., of Kyoto, Japan, manufactures and markets hardware and software for its Nintendo Switch ™ system and the Nintendo 3DS ™ family of portable systems. Since 1983, when it launched the Nintendo Entertainment System ™, Nintendo has sold more than 4.5 billion video games and more than 710 million hardware units globally, including Nintendo Switch and the Nintendo 3DS family of systems, as well as the Game Boy ™, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS ™ family of systems, Super NES ™, Nintendo 64 ™, Nintendo GameCube ™, Wii ™ and Wii U ™ systems. It has also created industry icons that have become well-known, household names, such as Mario, Donkey Kong, Metroid, Zelda and Pokémon. A wholly owned subsidiary, Nintendo of America Inc., based in Redmond, Wash., serves as headquarters for Nintendo's operations in the Americas. For more information about Nintendo, please visit the company's website at https://www.nintendo.com/.
Note to editors: Nintendo press materials are available at https://press.nintendo.com, a password-protected site. To obtain a login, please register on the site.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005662/en/
CONTACT: GOLIN
Eddie Garcia, 213-335-5536
egarcia@golin.com
or
Rich George, 213-335-5554
rgeorge@golin.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT ELECTRONIC GAMES TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS ONLINE RETAIL HARDWARE SOFTWARE AUDIO/VIDEO CHILDREN TEENS RETAIL MOBILE ENTERTAINMENT ONLINE CONSUMER MEN
SOURCE: Nintendo
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005662/en
Submit on Wednesday, May 30th, 2018 22:57
Ten years ago, ISS-Reshetnev's small satellite Yubileiny was launched into space from the Plesetsk cosmodrome. Having a mass of just 45 kilograms, it was placed on a low Earth orbit from where transmitted amateur radio signals for four years.
Related Post:Harris Corp. To Provide Multiband Satellite Terminal For U.S. NavyRadyne's Tiernan Division Receives Order From NavyRaytheon Receives Initial Installment On Navy Communications ContractTampa Microwave Receives Contract For Satellite SimulatorsViaSat Receives Navy Contract For Satellite TerminalsIntegral Awarded LS1300 Control System ContractHarris To Develop Encryption Device For ArmyNational Guard To Receive Mobile Satellite TransceiversSovrn
The son of Equatorial Guinea's president is going on trial in France for corruption, money laundering and embezzlement after a years-long investigation.
Teodoro Nguema Obiang Mangue, who is also Equatorial Guinea's second vice president, faces up to 10 years in prison if found guilty of acquiring real estate, luxury cars and other goods in France with public funds from their country.
Obiang's lawyer, Emmanuel Marsigny, said they will ask for a delay in proceedings when the hearing starts Monday, arguing that their client — who is not expected to attend the trial — did not get enough time to prepare their defense.
The International Court of Justice, the United Nations' highest court, refused to order France to halt the prosecution last month after Equatorial Guinea argued that Obiang had immunity.
The India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) declared its entrance exam result for its MBBS course for AIIMS on Thursday, June 15. This year's topper emerges from the state of Gujarat.
In the entrance exam Nishita Purohit who hails from Gujarat and is a national level basketball player became the all-India topper. They scored 91.4% in CBSE class 12 Boards this year. They studied in Kota-based Allen Career Institute of Kota.
In an interview to a national daily, topper Nishita said, “I was not sure about the topper's rank in AIIMS but was certain about being selected for AIIMS.”
They plan to study cardiology or radiology at AIIMS, New Delhi.
On being asked about how they had prepared for the AIIMS entrance exam they answered, “I attended around six hours of coaching classes daily and later used to self-study for six hours”. They also added, “Classroom learning was most important followed by homework completion on a daily basis and revision”.
On the use of social media they said they refrained themselves from using any social media platform but they continued using their smart phone. They said, “I did not open a Facebook account but used WhatsApp for contacting teachers to clear concepts related to the exam.”
They were elated with their result and said they owed their success to the coaching institute, their parents and their brother Anshul Purohit, who is an IIT-Bombay alumnus and at present is working in the USA. “While my coaching institute guided me to success, my mother regularly visited me during my stay in Kota and both they and my brother, Anshul, motivated me to do my best,” they said.
Unfortunately they will discontinue playing basketball to peruse their Medical career and they don't see any scope in basketball.
Purohit ‘s father is IIT alumnus Nirmal Indu, who is now the president of a private firm in Odisha, and their mother Himanshu is a housewife who has done their graduation in pharmacy.
Aspiring students can check their result on official website of AIIMS: www.aiimsexams.org or on the websites of other six AIIMS.
Results for another medical exam NEET 2017 are likely to be announced soon.
LOS ANGELES – A man accused of buying high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino terror attack has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges, court documents released Tuesday say.
The documents say Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to provide material support to terrorists and lying about the acquisition of weapons used in the San Bernardino killings.
Prosecutors say Marquez acknowledged plotting with Syed Rizwan Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked freeway. Those attacks never occurred.
Authorities said Marquez purchased the guns used by Farook and their wife, Tashfeen Malik, in the Dec. 2, 2015, attack in San Bernardino in which 14 people were killed at a public health agency event before the suspects died in a gunfight with police.
CINCINNATI (AP) — Police say at least 12 children have been hospitalized, one in critical condition, after a school bus crashed during a multi-vehicle accident.
Police say two toddlers were hospitalized in serious condition after the car they were riding in was struck Monday afternoon by a car whose 23-year-old driver lost control after passing another vehicle. Police say the car the children were in then struck the school bus, causing it to spin into another car. The driver of the children's car was hospitalized in serious condition.
Some 20 students on a bus serving Pleasant Hill Academy were treated at Cincinnati Children's hospital. A 12-year-old girl was critically injured and the bus driver was hospitalized in fair condition.
Police blame excessive speed and say charges are pending against the passing driver.
Lawmakers Delay Vote on Daycare Regulations
by Rashad Snell
A lawmaker for the second time is delaying a vote on legislation to require all day cares to be regulated by the state.
The House Rules Committee says that Rep. Pebblin Warren requested that their bill be removed from the Tuesday debate agenda.
The bill sought to end a long-standing exemption for faith-based facilities. The proposal has been met with push back from some church facilities.
Warren delayed debate last month out of fear the bill would lose a procedural vote.
VOICES for Alabama's Children says Alabama is one of seven states that broadly exempt faith-based day cares from regulation.
The Department of Human Resources says about half of day cares in the state are uninspected. Exempt facilities do not have to comply with state childcare regulations such as worker-to-child ratios.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Speakers at Yountville memorial service (1 of 9)
Father of Yountville victim to other families: 'Our hearts ache for you'
The father of Jennifer Gonzalez Shushereba spoke at the memorial service for the Yountville shooting victims.
Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero's force was accused of failing to rein in the protesters (AFP Photo/LLUIS GENE )
Madrid (AFP) - Catalonia's police chief and two prominent separatist leaders avoided being remanded in custody at a court hearing Friday over sedition accusations linked to the region's independence bid.
The court summons raised tensions in Spain's volatile political conflict, but despite the gravity of the accusations the court did not issue a custodial order that could have further escalated the dispute.
Jordi Cuixart and Jordi Sanchez, leaders of Catalonia's two biggest pro-independence civil groups, and regional police chief Josep Lluis Trapero walked free from the preliminary hearing at the National Court in Madrid.
A court official told AFP the judge had ordered no custody or other cautionary measures against them pending an investigation into the accusations.
The two civil leaders were accused of sedition for their role in unrest during protests in Barcelona last month.
The unrest broke out on September 20 when national security forces raided regional government offices in a crackdown against the independence drive.
Protesters damaged Civil Guard police vehicles and stopped officers from leaving the building they were searching.
Trapero's force was accused of failing to rein in the protesters.
Cuixart told reporters after Friday's hearing that they denied the charge of sedition but had declined to make a statement to the judge "because I do not recognise the jurisdiction of this court concerning the crime that we are accused of."
They accused the Spanish state of using the courts to try to settle "a political conflict."
"We are convinced that sooner rather than later the Spanish state will have to sit down for a dialogue" with the Catalan regional government, they said.
The government says it will not join in any talks or accept mediation until the Catalans abandon their independence drive.
Sanchez said that they had defended before the judge "the legitimacy of a peaceful and non-violent demonstration."
BEIJING (AP) — China's Xi Jinping strikes nationalistic tone in closing address to parliament session that lifted term limits on rule.
PLANTATION, Fla. & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--In conjunction with World Immunization Week and National Infant Immunization Week, Pediatric Associates of Florida and TruMed Systems, maker of the AccuVax® Vaccine Management System, today jointly announced that AccuVax will be used at all Pediatric Associates sites to optimize vaccine storage and management. Pediatric Associates, America's largest private pediatric practice, is replacing its conventional refrigerator/freezer units with the AccuVax Vaccine Management System, a state-of-the-art vaccine management platform that automates vaccine storage, monitoring and handling.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005650/en/
Liz Wallin, clinical manager at Pediatric Associates, using the AccuVax Vaccine Management System. (Photo: Business Wire)
AccuVax ensures that vaccine efficacy and safety is maintained to the strictest of standards through a unique door-less design and built-in battery backup that maintain ideal temperature management. Further, because it's fully automated, it eliminates burdensome vaccine administrative work, allowing clinical staff to focus on patient care.
“AccuVax optimally protects vaccines and minimizes cumbersome vaccine management activities, supporting Pediatric Associates' mission to enhance the lives of all children, their families and communities by delivering the highest quality pediatric healthcare and services in a compassionate and healthy environment,” said Scott D. Farr, Pediatric Associates' Chief Operating Officer. “AccuVax is the first and only door-less vaccine storage unit on the market, and it ensures that the temperature variation vaccines experience is minimal, which means they remain in their most effective and safe state until administered.”
AccuVax was developed by TruMed Systems of San Diego, which is installing units in medical practices and health systems across the country. Pediatric Associates has unique experience with AccuVax as it participated as one of 20 pilot sites nationwide to provide real-world feedback to help improve the System. Clinical managers Virginia Lyons and Liz Wallin were part of the pilot and say the new system has helped to simplify the time-consuming procedures they had to follow to manage vaccine inventories. It has also given them peace of mind that the vaccines they are giving their patients are at optimal potency.
“The storage of the vaccines is really important and often underappreciated,” said Lyons. “If you don't keep them at the correct temperature, it can distort what the vaccine is meant to do, which is to protect our kids and keep them safe.”
Lyons estimates that their clinic alone dispenses more than 200 vaccine doses a day.
“Doing inventory is a dream with AccuVax, we can easily keep track of inventory and temperature logs through the unit's touchscreen interface or remotely via a secure web-based portal,” Wallin added. “Previously our staff would have to restock the conventional refrigerator/freezers in the morning and then again in the afternoon. Now we are able to keep hundreds of vaccine doses in the new unit and receive advance notices if a vaccine is going to expire or supplies are running low. It saves us a lot of time.”
Inventory losses due to power failure, 1 improper storage and expired doses are common, 2 and have created challenges for even the most advanced practices and health systems.
Wallin, who has worked at Pediatric Associates for 24 years, is all too familiar with the amount of effort and stress involved in managing a busy practice's vaccine supply and trying to avoid inventory waste. They stated that the automated system has dramatically reduced the amount of work and worry involved in managing the large number of vaccines they deliver to their patients.
“It sounds silly, but I sleep better because I'm not worried,” said Wallin, recalling having to go to the office at 2 o'clock in the morning after an alarm alerted them to temperature fluctuations in one of their old vaccine storage units. “You don't have the alarm calling you in the middle of the night. We haven't experienced any temperature excursions since the decision to implement AccuVax at all our sites; it's perfect.”
Because of the benefits afforded by the AccuVax System, Pediatric Associates is now installing units throughout its network of clinics from Jacksonville to South Florida to better protect their patients and communities.
“We can only optimally protect our children and communities from debilitating and deadly diseases if we safeguard the potency of the vaccines we rely on. TruMed's vision is to provide the medical community with a solution that helps ensure optimal protection against preventable diseases,” said Jesper Jensen, CEO of TruMed Systems. “We're honored to work with Pediatric Associates, a recognized leader in pediatric medicine, to place our AccuVax Systems across their 34 sites.”
TruMed Systems announced the commercial availability of the AccuVax Vaccine Management System in September of 2017.
About Pediatric Associates
Pediatric Associates is the nation's largest privately owned primary care pediatric practice, with more than 250 providers and 34 convenient locations extending from Jacksonville to Miami. Its facilities offer families comprehensive services, including X-ray and state certified laboratories. Pediatric Associates is open 365 days a year with weekend, evening and holiday hours for patient convenience. Its mission is to enhance the lives of all children and their families by delivering the highest quality pediatric healthcare in a compassionate and healthy environment. For more information, visit www.pediatricassociates.com.
About AccuVax® Vaccine Management System
AccuVax is the purpose-built vaccine supply management system that automates product control and integrity, minimizes risks of incorrect vaccine delivery, and optimizes office work flow so that providers can focus on care delivery. AccuVax is an integrated solution that includes hardware, software, online access, software updates, training, optional integrations, technical support and maintenance. AccuVax is already being used in many individual clinics, major health systems and public healthcare facilities throughout the U.S. The vaccine management system is available as a monthly subscription, requiring no down payment and no capital expense.
More information about the AccuVax Vaccine Management System can be found by visiting http://www.accuvax.com or calling 1-844-TruMed1. Watch the YouTube video on AccuVax. Contact TruMed Systems at sales@trumedsystems.com today on how to order.
About TruMed ® Systems
TruMed Systems, a medical technology company, develops innovative point-of-care supply management systems for healthcare professionals. TruMed Systems' mission is to improve healthcare practitioners' total vaccine outcomes by creating point-of-care supply management systems that support product efficacy and practice objectives. For more information, visit www.trumedsystems.com.
1 U.S. Energy Information Administration, https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.php?id=27892. 2 Hibbs et al. Vaccine. 2015 Jun 22;33(28):3171-8. doi: 10.1016/j.vaccine.2015.05.006. Epub 2015 May 14. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25980429
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005650/en/
CONTACT: Pediatric Associates
Kate Manly
Marketing Communications Manager
954.487.1089
kmanly@pediatricassociates.com
www.pediatricassociates.com
or
TruMed Systems
Jesper Jensen
858.429.9330
jesper.jensen@trumedsystems.com
www.trumedsystems.com
or
Impact Health Communications, LLC
Amanda Crowe, MA, MPH
203.829.6219
acrowe@impacthealthcommunications.com
www.impacthealthcommunications.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA FLORIDA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PRACTICE MANAGEMENT HEALTH HOSPITALS OTHER HEALTH BABY/MATERNITY CHILDREN PARENTING CONSUMER MEDICAL SUPPLIES NURSING FAMILY GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: TruMed Systems
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005650/en
Homebuying in Irvine and Tustin rose 10.1 percent in the year ended in late arch.
For the 22 business days ending March 20, real estate tracker CoreLogic found these 14 trends in 11 Orange County ZIP codes covered by the Orange County Register's Irvine World News weekly, …
1. Purchases: Home sales in this period totaled 536 vs. 487 a year earlier, a gain of 10.1 percent in a year.
2. Who's up: In the region, prices rose in 9 ZIPs in the region and sales were up in 6 ZIPs.
3. Countywide: There was a $720,000 median selling price, up 9.3 percent in a year. Sales of 3,170 vs. 3,111 a year earlier, a gain of 1.9 percent in a year. Prices rose in 68 out of 83 Orange County ZIPs and sales were up in 40 out of 83.
Here is how prices and sales moved at the community level …
4. Irvine 92602: $1,196,000 median, up 34.1 percent in a year. Sales of 26 vs. 46 a year earlier, a decline of 43.5 percent in a year.
5. Irvine 92603: $1,075,000 median, down 5.7 percent in a year. Sales of 30 vs. 25 a year earlier, a gain of 20 percent in a year.
6. Irvine 92604: $802,500 median, up 16.7 percent in a year. Sales of 20 vs. 24 a year earlier, a decline of 16.7 percent in a year.
7. Irvine 92606: $870,000 median, up 11.5 percent in a year. Sales of 11 vs. 12 a year earlier, a decline of 8.3 percent in a year.
8. Irvine 92612: $735,000 median, up 10.1 percent in a year. Sales of 53 vs. 42 a year earlier, a gain of 26.2 percent in a year.
9. Irvine 92614: $655,000 median, up 0.1 percent in a year. Sales of 21 vs. 16 a year earlier, a gain of 31 percent in a year.
10. Irvine 92618: $812,000 median, down 8.8 percent in a year. Sales of 147 vs. 77 a year earlier, a gain of 91 percent in a year.
11. Irvine 92620: $1,001,000 median, up 22.3 percent in a year. Sales of 125 vs. 115 a year earlier, a gain of 8.7 percent in a year.
12. Tustin 92780: $670,000 median, up 57.6 percent in a year. Sales of 41 vs. 50 a year earlier, a decline of 18 percent in a year.
13. Tustin 92782: $839,000 median, up 16.7 percent in a year. Sales of 25 vs. 47 a year earlier, a decline of 46.8 percent in a year.
14. Santa Ana/North Tustin 92705: $875,000 median, up 18.2 percent in a year. Sales of 37 vs. 33 a year earlier, a gain of 12.1 percent in a year.
DID YOU SEE?
California ranked as nation's 5th fastest-growing economy
Southern California construction jobs: Only 3 states hired more workers!
Southern California pay hits record highs as workers get more hours
Photo
Logic, the Maryland-born rapper who performed their anti-suicide anthem “1-800-273-8255” at the Grammys and the MTV Video Music Awards, now has their second No. 1 on the Billboard album chart in less than a year.
Logic's latest mixtape, “Bobby Tarantino II” (Def Jam/Visionary), opened with 123 million streams and 32,000 copies sold as a full album in the United States, according to Nielsen, giving it the equivalent of 119,000 album sales. Like its prequel from 2016, “Bobby Tarantino II” bears its movie fandom on its sleeve with “Pulp Fiction”-meets-“Kill Bill” album art, and it is Logic's second time at No. 1 since “Everybody” last May.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Louder Newsletter Every week, stay on top of the latest in pop and jazz with reviews, interviews, podcasts and more from The New York Times music critics. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The rapper Lil Yachty opened at No. 2 with “Lil Boat 2,” and two very different veteran artists reached their own chart peaks. David Byrne's “American Utopia” opened at No. 3, their highest position ever. (Even Talking Heads, their former band, never reached higher than No. 15 on the album chart — for “Speaking in Tongues,” in 1983.) Judas Priest also found its highest perch with “Firepower,” at No. 5 — reaching one spot higher than its previous album, “Redeemer of Souls,” did four years ago.
Both Mr. Byrne and Judas Priest were helped by a preponderance of traditional album sales, which are weighted much greater than streams in the formulas for determining chart positions.
Also this week, the “Black Panther” soundtrack fell three spots to No. 4; in its five weeks out, it has been No. 1 three times.
Yoga guru Ramdev on Wednesday launched a new messaging application called Kimbho under their flagship company Patanjali. According to reports, Kimbho has similar features as WhatsApp, one can either send direct messages to the person or create new groups to send out messages. Apart from this, one can form broadcast lists, follow celebrities and also doodle using Kimbho app.
Yoga guru Ramdev on Wednesday launched a new messaging application called Kimbho under their flagship company Patanjali.
Yoga guru Ramdev on Wednesday launched a swadeshi messaging application called Kimbho to challenge the popular messaging app WhatsApp, which has over 1 billion downloads from Google Play Store. The swadeshi platform come after Patanjali laucnhed swadeshi samriddhi sim cards.
Patanjali's spokesperson SK Tijarawala tweeted, “Now Bharat will speak. After launching sim cards, Ramdev has launched a new messaging application called Kimbho. Now WhatsApp will be given a competition. Our own #SwadeshiMessagingplatform. Download it directly from Google Play Store.”
According to reports, Kimbho has similar features as WhatsApp, one can either send direct messages to the person or create new groups to send out messages. Apart from this, one can form broadcast lists, follow celebrities and also doodle using Kimbho app.
The description on Google Play Store reads, “Kimbho empowers private group chat with free phone and video calling. It has dozens of amazing features to share text audio, photos, videos, stickers, quickies, location, GIF, Doodle and more.”
Earlier Ramdev's Patanjali Ayurved tied up with state-run telecom company BSNL or Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited and launched Swadeshi Samriddhi SIM cards on May 27.
After its full launch, people will be given a discount of 10% on Patanjali products with the SIM card.
The vast Patanjali Ayurved empire, which began by selling homegrown herbal remedies wildly popular in large parts of India, now offers products ranging from food, cosmetics, home care and personal care products to apparel. Patanjali Ayurved had formally launched its e-commerce operations with website Patanjaliayurved.net earlier this year.
Patanjali Ayurved has reported a 53.7 percent jump in its net profit at Rs 1,193.8 crore for the year ended March 2017, as per filings with the Registrar of Companies (RoC) and data platform Tofler. The revenue from operations increased 87.2 percent to Rs 9,122.2 crore in FY17. The previous year, the Patanjali group had announced 111 percent rise in its turnover to Rs 10,561 crore in FY17.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Milwaukee Brewers first baseman Eric Thames has tied a franchise record by homering in five straight games.
The former Korean baseball star hit a solo shot off Chicago Cubs right-hander John Lackey in the third inning Monday night. Thames' streak ties them with Jeromy Burnitz in August 1997 for the franchise mark.
Thames has seven homers in 14 games this year and six over their past five games.
"Stuff like that just happens," Thames said after homering Sunday against Cincinnati. "You can't control it. When I hit it, I was like, 'Did I just hit another one? Oh, man. OK.'"
The 30-year-old returned to the majors this season after hitting 124 homers over three years in the Korean major leagues.
Thames has gotten a hit in all 11 of their starts and has a 10-game hitting streak with Milwaukee.
Prior to this year, Thames last played in the majors in 2012 with Seattle and Toronto.
The record for consecutive games with a homer is eight, achieved by Ken Griffey Jr., Don Mattingly and Dale Long.
President Trump condemned hate groups as 'repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,' but some say it's too little, too late.
Garoppolo seemed like Brady's successor until their surprise midseason trade to San Francisco last season. That deal followed the preseason trade of Brissett to Indianapolis.
New England got a second-round pick in return for Garoppolo, which is one of the bargaining chips it could use to select one of the sought-after prospects in this year's deep quarterback class.
Players such as UCLA's Josh Rosen and Louisville's Lamar Jackson could be targets if the Patriots move up. But so are players expected to be available later such as Oklahoma State's Mason Rudolph, Richmond's Kyle Lauletta and Toledo's Logan Woodside.
NFL Network analyst Mike Mayock said they think New England will have to consider Jackson, but questions whether it would be too drastic a move away from Brady's style.
"I think the Patriots are as comprehensive as any team I've ever been around. The homework they do is amazing," Mayock said. "So I think they throw a wide net, and they look at a lot of people."
HIGHLY DECORATED
The Patriots have 16 first-team All-Pro selections via the draft since 2000, which ranks behind only the Panthers (18), Cowboys (17) and Seahawks (17). In addition, the Patriots lead the NFL with 63 Pro Bowl selections via the draft since 2000. Next are the Cowboys (62) and Chargers (50).
OTHER PRIORITIES
While the quarterback position has gotten a lot of attention, New England has perhaps even more glaring needs on the offensive line, as well as at linebacker and cornerback.
The Patriots lost both of their starting tackles in free agency when Nate Solder signed with the Giants and Cam Fleming signed with the Cowboys. They also need another dependable option at linebacker to help Dont'a Hightower and Kyle Van Noy.
The same need is there at cornerback following Malcolm Butler's mysterious Super Bowl benching and their subsequent free agency signing by the Titans.
UCLA's Kolton Miller and Notre Dame's Mike McGlinchey are likely on New England's wish list at tackle. Alabama's Rashaan Evans is a name to watch early as a possible pickup at linebacker. UCF's Mike Hughes is a candidate at cornerback.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Patriots have had draft success on both sides of the ball recently. Garoppolo and 2017 Super Bowl star James White (fourth round, 130th overall in 2014) stand out on offence.
Defensively, safety Duron Harmon has been everything they hoped for when they took them in the third round in 2013. He's appeared in 16 regular-season games each of the past four seasons and led the team with four interceptions in 2017.
New England also got a huge bargain in 2015 when it selected defensive end Trey Flowers in the fourth round (101st overall). An injury kept them sidelined for all but one game their rookie season, but he's bounced back to have 13 1/2 sacks over the past two seasons.
But there have been high-profile misses. Cornerback and punt returner Cyrus Jones has struggled to stay on the field after the Patriots used a second-round pick (60th overall) on them in 2016. They spent most of their rookie season in the doghouse because of five fumbles. Jones then missed the 2017 season after suffering a knee injury in the preseason finale.
___
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Kyle Hightower on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/khightower
By Kyle Hightower, The Associated Press
The Bihar School Examination Board is likely to declare BSEB class 10 results 2017 today, 15 June. The students can check their matric results at the official website of the Board www.biharboard.ac.in as well as at bihar.indiaresults.com simultaneously.
More than 14 lakh students across the state who had appeared for the Bihar Board Matric Examinations are awaiting for their Class 10 matric results 2017.
The Bihar Board conducted the examinations from March 1 to March 8, 2017.
The Board has partnered with indiaresults.com for the declaration of results. Apart from indiaresults.com, some other result portals are also likely to display the BSEB Class 10 results 2017.
Apart from the Secondary School Examination, the Board also conducts departmental examinations such as Diploma in Physical Education, Certificate in Physical Education and Teachers Training Examination.
Here are the steps that the candidates can use to check their results:
Step 1: Go to the official website of Bihar School Examination Board – www.biharboard.ac.in
Step 2: Go to the ‘Results' option
Step 3: Click on X & XII Results 2017. It will redirect you to bihar.indiaresults.com
Step 4: Enter your roll number and other required details
Step 5: Click on the ‘Submit' button. After submitting the form, the results will be displayed on the screen
Got a car question? The experts at Certified Transmission probably have the answer! Peter Fink returns to take on three more viewer questions. Remember you can send your questions to: talkback@omahamorningblend.com. Make sure you include the make and model of your car!
Certified Transmission
SYDNEY (AP) — A period of personal reflection in a South African jungle has convinced Australian tennis player Bernard Tomic that he's ready to return to the court.
Tomic quit the reality television show "I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" after only three days, saying that was long enough to reflect and realize "how I played last year and where I should be."
They said their short time in the jungle was their first break from their "fast-paced" lifestyle and gave was "a wake-up call."
"After being there for a couple days, it made me depressed and it made me a bit sad and I didn't want to continue doing that to myself," Tomic told News Corp Australia. "I need to get back on the court.
"I just started recently to get back and feeling good. I won a couple of matches at the Australian Open in the (qualifiers). I just regret leaving that last month-and-a-half behind. It wasn't the right thing for me to do."
But Tomic's comeback may depend on their ability to repair their relationship with Tennis Australia and national Davis Cup captain Lleyton Hewitt.
Hewitt has indicated Tomic's Davis Cup career may be at an end after they rebuffed several attempts to draw them back into the fold and said in an interview that Australia couldn't win the Davis Cup without him. Asked if Tomic would play for Austalia again, Hewitt said "it's highly doubtful."
"He's made some mistakes. It will be a long way back," Hewitt said. "He's digging a big hole for themselves that they may never get out of."
Netflix/AMC
With the critical and commercial success of American Gods on Starz, writer Neil Gaiman‘s work has been making the leap to television with aplomb lately, and for good reason. As the world gets more and more hostile, sometimes taking some time to escape into some sharply written and insightful fantasy is the best thing you can do for a brief respite. Luckily for us, more is on the way. Amazon is taking a stab at Good Omens, the hilariously apocalyptic novel by Gaiman and the late Sir Terry Pratchett with a six episode miniseries, and a brand-new casting announcement is proof that this project is heading in a very good direction.
According to Variety, David Tennant and Michael Sheen have been cast Crowley and Aziraphale, a demon and an angel, respectively, who have been tasked with keeping an eye on the antichrist. However, a hospital mix up causes some confusion over which baby is actually the one to trigger the end times, culminating in a bizarre mishmash of precocious children, witches, and the Four Bikers of the Apocalypse.
Tennant and Sheen are pitch perfect, and the fact that Gaiman themselves is writing the episodes is hopefully a sign of good things to come. The series is set to air in 2018, unless the world ends before then.
(Via Variety)
After years of delays, evacuation orders issued, equipment prepared for demolition of illegal Bedouin outpost east of Jerusalem.
Israeli law enforcement officials and security personnel are preparing to demolish an illegal Bedouin encampment east of Jerusalem, following years of delays and legal battles.
Known as Khan al-Ahmar, the encampment of some 170-180 Palestinian Authority Bedouin was established in the 1990s with no authorization or building permits. The outpost was built within the town limits of an existing Israeli community – Kfar Adumim – prompting Israeli law enforcement authorities to declare Khan al-Ahmar illegal, and call for its demolition.
After years of appeals to the Israeli judicial system, the Supreme Court upheld lower court decisions ruling that the outpost was indeed illegal and must be removed.
Land theft watchdog organizations say that despite the ruling, the government has been dragging its feet with regard to the demolition, failing to meeting deadlines set by the court.
On Tuesday, however, it appeared that the government was preparing to remove the illegal Bedouin encampment.
According to a report by AFP, residents and activists opposed to the demolition say that Israeli Defense Ministry officials delivered demolition notices to Khan al-Ahmar on Tuesday.
In addition, residents claim that IDF equipment needed for the demolition, including at least one bulldozer, was positioned just outside the town in preparation for the evacuation.
"Today they are proceeding with infrastructure work to facilitate the demolition and forcible transfer of residents," said Amit Gilutz, spokesperson for the far-left B'Tselem organization.
Earlier on Tuesday, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights demanded Israel legalize the town, claiming that Israel lacked authority to enforce construction laws in Judea and Samaria.
"We call on the Israeli authorities not to proceed with the demolition, to respect the rights of residents to remain on their land and have their status regularized," said UNHCHR spokesperson Liz Throssell said.
The UNHCHR claimed that demolishing the illegal town would be in violation of international law.
(AP Photo/Seth Wenig). Michael Cohen arrives to court in New York, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Lawyers for President Donald Trump and Cohen, their personal attorney, appear again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about attorney ...
By LARRY NEUMEISTER and TOM HAYS
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Lawyers for President Donald Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, failed to win more time Wednesday to analyze millions of files seized by the FBI, but they did get one thing they wanted: Their TV tormentor, Stormy Daniels' attorney, withdrew a request to get a formal role in the case.
A federal judge refereeing an ongoing legal tussle about which documents should be withheld from investigators because of attorney-client privilege gave lawyers for Trump and Cohen until June 15 to finish reviewing 3.7 million paper and electronic files seized from Cohen in the April raids.
The deadline for them to identify documents they believe are confidential was set over the objection of Cohen's lawyer, Todd Harrison.
"We're working around-the-clock," they told U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood, saying that even with a team of 15 lawyers "moving heaven and earth," they had only finished reviewing 1.3 million files so far and didn't expect to finish until mid-July.
"I don't know if we can make that," another Cohen lawyer, Stephen Ryan, said of the June 15 deadline.
Wood was unmoved, but they made comments in court that may have prompted Daniels' lawyer, Michael Avenatti, to withdraw a request to get a formal role in the legal negotiations.
Avenatti had applied to intervene in the case so they could ensure that any confidential records or recordings related to Daniels that were in Cohen's possession weren't improperly disclosed.
Much of Wednesday's hearing was consumed by spirited arguments about Avenatti's numerous public attacks on Cohen, mostly through live cable TV appearances. Ryan protested that the barrage was improper, saying Avenatti was on television at least 170 times, mostly to badmouth Cohen.
They also complained that Avenatti had improperly acquired and released certain bank records related to Cohen's business dealings.
"I have never seen an attorney conduct themselves in the manner that Mr. Avenatti has," Ryan said.
Wood told Avenatti that while they are free to speak their mind now, they would have to end their "publicity tour" and attacks on Cohen if they became part of the case. Lawyers practicing in the federal court in Manhattan must follow local rules barring statements that might taint prospective jurors.
"That means that you would have to stop doing some things you have been doing. If you participate here, you would not be able to declare your opinion as to Mr. Cohen's guilt, which you did; you would not be able to give publicity to documents that are not public. It would change your conduct," Wood said. "I don't want you to have some existence in a limbo, where you are free to denigrate Mr. Cohen and I believe potentially deprive them of a fair trial by tainting a jury pool."
Shortly after the court hearing, Avenatti withdrew their application, but not before appearing TV cameras outside again and assailing Cohen and their legal team once more.
Among other things, they accused Cohen's lawyers of giving a journalist an audio recording of a conversation between Daniels' former lawyer and Cohen.
In court, Ryan denied that Cohen's lawyers gave recordings to a reporter, saying that if any did exist pertaining to Daniels, they were "under lock and key," controlled by their law firm, the Trump Organization or the president.
"It has not occurred," they said.
Daniels, who was not in court Wednesday, got a $130,000 payment from Cohen before the election in exchange for not speaking about an alleged sexual encounter with the president in 2006. Trump denies it.
Speaking to reporters after the court hearing, Avenatti said Ryan's reference to the existence of audio tapes was a major revelation, and that they were certain some of those tapes relate to Daniels.
"As a result of our efforts, there was a shocking admission that was made in court today, namely, that just like the Nixon tapes, we now have what I will refer to as the Trump tapes," they said.
They called for the "release of all those audio recordings to the American people and to Congress so that they can be heard by all." Then, they added, "people can make their own determination as to their importance as it relates to the president, what they knew and when they knew it, and what they did as it relates to conspiring with Michael Cohen to commit one or more potential crimes."
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers for Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to attorney-client privilege. They said the material includes data from a video recorder.
Judge Wood said if Trump and Cohen's lawyers don't finish reviewing material by June 15, the task of performing the attorney-client review will be handled by a special "taint team" of prosecutors walled off from those involved in the criminal probe.
Of the material seized from Cohen's home, hotel and office in April, only two old Blackberry phones and the contents of a shredder have yet to be turned over to Cohen's lawyers, prosecutors said.
The files, mostly from phones and electronic storage devices, were seized April 9 in raids on Cohen's Manhattan home and office. The raids initially drew an outcry from Trump, who claimed an attack on attorney-client privilege.
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court, complaining that they feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BEIRUT (AP) — Lebanese police officials say an operative with Lebanon's militant Hezbollah group was killed when a bomb they were holding went off in their home in the country's south.
The officials say it isn't clear what the operative, identified as Bilal Hassan, was doing with the bomb and now it got onto theirs home.
Initial reports were conflicting. Lebanon's private Al-Jadeed TV says Hassan was actually holding a grenade cartridge for a rocket-propelled-grenade launcher.
The state-run National News Agency said a "strange object" exploded in their house on the edge of the southern port-city of Sidon.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity in line with regulations.
They said Hezbollah members inspected Hassan's house after the blast and were later followed by police officers who opened an investigation in the case.
Lindsey Vonn couldn't wiggle their fingers or move their wrist. Understandably, they wanted to be reassured everything would be OK.
A crash during training had left them screaming, then passing out from the pain, on the side of a Colorado mountain, 15 months ahead of the Pyeongchang Olympics. Just one of a series of serious injuries that has interrupted the American's illustrious ski career, this required delicate surgery to insert a plate and more than a dozen screws into their broken right arm while trying to avoid nerve damage.
"She looked up at me: 'Buddy, you're going to fix this, right? You've got this?'" their longtime sports physical therapist, Lindsay Winninger, recalled in a recent telephone interview with The Associated Press. "I confidently said, 'Yes.' But at that point in time, I didn't know if I (could). That was hard from Day One. ... We were putting in almost eight hours a day on that arm, to try and revive the nerve a little bit and get things done as fast as possible. That was a big one."
There have been several big ones for Vonn along the way, no real surprise given that they spend day after day hurtling themselves down icy slopes at speeds that can top 75 mph.
"The thing is, everyone asks me if I'm afraid after so many crashes. Do I take my foot off the gas pedal? ... You try to manage risk as much as you want," they said. "But at the end of the day, it's a dangerous sport."
Concussions. Broken fingers. Torn ligaments. A fractured ankle.
The lengthy list includes the ripped-up right knee that held them out of the 2014 Sochi Games and prevented them from defending their downhill gold medal from four years earlier, when they also collected a bronze in the super-G.
"Eight years has been a very long time. Obviously, I was very ... disappointed and devastated and frustrated that I missed Sochi," the 33-year-old Vonn said. "I've been waiting for this for a long time. I'm ready."
So it's only natural that as they looked ahead to the 2018 Winter Games, which open in South Korea on Feb. 9, Vonn voiced one primary concern — and it was not related to making sure their racing would be at its best.
In sum: To get a chance to add to their medal collection, she'll need to be in the starting hut.
"I don't really think about peaking, so much as staying healthy. As long as I'm healthy and confident, then I'll be in a great position when I get to Pyeongchang," Vonn said.
"Getting to February healthy," they said, "is the only thing I should focus on."
As much as she's already done — and won — in a sport they have dominated for stretches, including four World Cup overall titles and seven world championships medals, Vonn still has plenty of unfinished business on their agenda.
There's their lingering bid to break Ingemar Stenmark's career record for most World Cup wins, the most celebrated mark in ski racing. Vonn's count is up to 79, the most for a woman, and only seven behind Stenmark, a Swede who competed in the 1970s and '80s.
It's that chase that prompted Vonn to declare already that they have decided to return to the World Cup circuit next season, saying, "I already put enough pressure on myself to reach that goal, anyway. I want to make sure I give myself a little more time, so I'm not stressed about it."
Then there's their ongoing pursuit of barrier-breaking competition against men, something Vonn has spoken about pursuing for years.
They view it as something that could be as significant as Billie Jean King's exhibition tennis match against Bobby Riggs in 1973, chronicled in last year's "Battle of the Sexes."
"I want to see what I'm capable of. It would be really great exposure for the sport," Vonn said. "My personal ambitions aside, I think you have to look at it from a broader perspective. What Billie Jean King did all those years ago made a huge and lasting impact. We have to continue to push the envelope and push women forward in sports."
U.S. Ski and Snowboard formally petitioned the International Ski Federation's Alpine executive board in October on behalf of Vonn, with a goal of being allowed to race against men sometime next season.
The proposal was put on hold; it is expected to be considered in May.
"Why not? We train with her," said Vonn's U.S. teammate, Ted Ligety, a two-time Olympic gold medalist. "I'd fully be psyched to see their race against guys."
In case you hadn't noticed, Vonn is not deterred easily.
It's why they never allowed any of those injuries to derail their career for good.
It's why they owned remarks made in an interview with CNN , in which they said they would "absolutely not" visit the White House if the U.S. Olympic team is invited after Pyeongchang and, "I want to represent our country well. I don't think that there are a lot of people currently in our government that do that."
Vonn took some heat on social media after that aired in December, then defended themselves by saying at a subsequent World Cup race: "I was asked my opinion and I gave it. I mean, it's not necessarily my place to be sticking my nose in politics, but as an athlete, I do have a voice."
Whatever might get in their way, Vonn presses ahead.
That's why they will be back at the Olympics next month.
And back on World Cup courses next year.
Maybe even racing against men.
"I love going fast. That's why I haven't stopped skiing. I'm 33. I've been injured quite a few times, but my passion for the sport has never changed since I started racing when I was 8 years old," Vonn said. "As long as I'm still enjoying it, and I don't have to use too much duct tape to hold my body together, I'm good. I'm set."
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org/
On Monday, Google announced new updates to its Cloud Speech API that could help make it a more effective tool for business users. According to a Google blog post, the API is getting a new feature called word-level timestamps, along with support for 30 new languages and three hour files.
For those unfamiliar, the Google Cloud Speech API uses neural network models to allow developers to convert audio to text. It's powered by machine learning, and can return its results in real-time.
Word-level timestamps, the post said, was the most requested feature for the API from developers. Essentially, this feature adds a timestamp for each word it identifies in a given transcription. "Word-level timestamps let users jump to the moment in the audio where the text was spoken, or display the relevant text while the audio is playing," the post said.
SEE: How we learned to talk to computers, and how they learned to answer back (PDF download)
One of the customers cited in the post, Happy Scribe, uses the word-level timestamps to lower the time it takes for them to proofread the transcriptions they offer their customers. Another firm, VoxImplant, uses it to better analyze recorded phone conversations between two parties.
As part of a broader announcement around Google's voice input capabilities, the Cloud Speech API will now offer support for 30 additional languages, bringing the total number supported up to 119. The languages will first be offered to Cloud Speech API customers, but will eventually be supported on other Google products, like Gboard, as well.
As noted by ZDnet's Stephanie Condon, the extended language support could help Google win over some customers in emerging markets.
The full list of languages that work with the Cloud Speech API can be found here.
Additionally, the post said, the Cloud Speech API will now support files that are longer than three hours in duration, an increase from the previous limit of 80 minutes. Files that are longer than three hours can be supported on a "case-by-case basis by applying for a quota extension through Cloud Support."
The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers
Google Cloud Speech API now supports 119 languages and three hour long files, and offers a new word-level timestamp feature. Word-level timestamps were the no. 1 most-requested feature, allowing developers to jump to the moment where a certain word was said in an audio transcript. The features could help make the API more business-friendly, and the language support could win Google some business in emerging markets.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Google Weekly newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
No. 21 Kentucky will be looking for its fourth consecutive win on Saturday in an SEC game at Missouri.
The coaches just hope it's not in the same fashion as the last two victories.
"We don't want to constantly dig ourselves holes, especially against the good teams that we've played," said assistant Tony Barbee, filling in for coach John Calipari, who has been ill.
On Tuesday, Kentucky rallied from a 14-point second-half deficit to defeat Vanderbilt 83-81 in overtime. Before that, Kentucky trailed West Virginia by 17 points with 17 minutes to play last Saturday and rallied to win 83-76 in Morgantown, W.Va.
"We are thankful we won the game, but the coaching staff's not happy because we're trying to trend in a direction," assistant coach Kenny Payne said.
"We're trying to build this team up to play a certain way to be ready for SEC Tournament play, to be ready for an NCAA run and to be honest with you, the way we played that first half, tentative, not aggressive, not communicating on defense. Defensive lapses, you're going to get beat if you're playing tournament basketball like that."
The plus side is that Kentucky, which starts five freshmen, did win those games.
"The one thing you've got to say is we like the resilience of this team," Barbee said. "They don't hang their heads when they get down and they collectively fight together to get back in the game. Now we've got to figure out how we bottle that up and get us to start the game that way."
Payne said, "I would like for us as a team -- and I'm sure Cal's the same -- to play those last five or six minutes, play the game like that and let's see how good we are. If we can figure that out, man, we're going to be tough to beat."
The next test for Kentucky (17-5, 6-3 SEC) is Missouri (14-8, 4-5), which is coming off a surprising 69-60 win at Alabama on Wednesday.
Christians Who Care will have a meeting on Oct. 9 at 6 p.m. at First United Methodist Church. Pastor Jake Brady along with the Christians Who Care group invite all who seek help with drug or alcohol addictions to join the meeting.
Also attending the meeting will be Purpose and Promise Ministries, a community support outreach group.
Dinner will be served, and the church is located at 304 South Academy St in Geneva.
For more information on this meeting or Christians Who Care, contact Connie Roney at 334-723-5629 or Dustin Roney at 334-449-2678.
For more information on Purpose and Promise Ministries, contact Jessie Wells at 334-360-1906 or Jessica Simmons at 334-248-3956.
Chirstians Who Care was founded by Connie Roney based on scriptural inspiration from 2 Timothy 2:15, “Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.”
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — A diplomatic dispute between Poland and Israel over pending legislation that would outlaw blaming Poland for the crimes of the Holocaust has led to an outburst of anti-Semitic comments in Poland, including some in the government-controlled media.
Poland's lower house of parliament gave its approval Friday to the bill, which calls for penalties of up to three years in prison for anyone who "publicly and against the facts" accuses the Polish people of crimes committed by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Poland's ruling Law and Justice party says the law is meant to fight expressions like "Polish death camps," to refer to the wartime camps that Nazi Germany operated in occupied Poland. Poles were among those imprisoned, tortured and killed in the camps, and many today feel Poles are being unfairly depicted as perpetrators of the Holocaust.
As part of the same effort, the government launched a website on Tuesday in Polish, German and English with documentary evidence that death camps like Auschwitz were built and operated by Nazi Germany, a historically accurate account.
Germany occupied Poland in 1939, annexing part of it to Germany and directly governing the rest. Unlike other countries occupied by Germany at the time, there was no collaborationist government in Poland. The prewar Polish government and military fled into exile, except for an underground resistance army that fought the Nazis inside the country.
The Israeli government in the past has supported the campaign against the phrase "Polish death camps," but it has strongly criticized the new legislation, which still must be approved by the Senate and President Andrzej Duda, who both support it.
Israel, along with several international Holocaust organizations and many critics in Poland, argues that the law could have a chilling effect on debating history, harming freedom of expression and leading to a whitewashing of Poland's wartime history, which also includes episodes of Poles killing Jews or denouncing them to the Germans.
Polish Holocaust and World War II scholars, as well as international organizations including Yad Vashem, the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum and the Wiesenthal Center, are among groups who have criticized the law. Critics have said they fear the law could lead to self-censorship in academia and that the legislation — which also mentions "other crimes against peace and humanity" — is so broad that it could be used to fight any form of criticism against Poland by authorities already accused of eroding democratic standards.
In a sign of the sensitivities on both sides, Yair Lapid, head of Israel's centrist Yesh Atid party and the son of a Holocaust survivor, insisted in a heated Twitter exchange with the Polish Embassy that "there were Polish death camps and no law can ever change that." An Israeli journalist, Lahav Harkov, also wrote a tweet that consisted only of the phrase "Polish death camps" repeated 14 times.
Such Israeli remarks offended many in Poland, including many who oppose the law and any expressions of anti-Semitism in Poland.
Far-right groups have called for a demonstration Wednesday in front of the Israeli Embassy in Warsaw to protest the "anti-Polish" sentiment they say is being propagated by Israel and some media.
And there has been an eruption of anti-Israel and anti-Jewish comments online and in the media, including in state media, which is tightly controlled by the right-wing ruling Law and Justice party.
The director of the state-run television station TVP 2, Marcin Wolski, even went so far as to say Monday on air that the Nazi death camps should actually be called Jewish. "Who managed the crematoria there?" they asked — a reference to the fact that death camp prisoners, usually Jews, were forced to help dispose of gas chamber victims.
Wolski was joined on their show by a right-wing commentator, Rafal Ziemkiewicz, who only a day earlier had used an extremely derogatory term to refer to Jews on Twitter. The comment was later removed.
And on another talk show Saturday on Polish state TV, anti-Semitic messages posted by viewers on Twitter were shown at the bottom of the screen as one participant said that a Jewish guest was "not really Polish." The state TV director later apologized for the messages, blaming a technical glitch that caused them to go onto the screen unedited.
In another case, a Polish state radio commentator, Piotr Nisztor, suggested that Poles who support the Israeli position should consider relinquishing their citizenship.
"If somebody acts as a spokesperson for Israeli interests, maybe they should think about giving up their Polish citizenship and accepting Israeli citizenship," Nisztor said in a comment carried on the radio's official Twitter account.
Some commentators in Poland, however, expressed dismay, saying it reminded them of an official state-sponsored anti-Semitic campaign carried out by Communist authorities in 1968.
"There has been a lot of hate speech against refugees and Muslims over the past two years in state media, but anti-Semitism was so far rare," said Rafal Pankowski, who monitors anti-Semitism and other forms of extremism as head of the Never Again association. "But in the last couple of days it seems the floodgates have opened."
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki agreed after speaking by phone Sunday night to try to resolve differences over the legislation by convening a group of history experts, though it was unclear how effective that will be given the strong support for the bill by the ruling Law and Justice party.
Before the outbreak of World War II, Jews had lived in Poland for centuries, thriving in some eras and even becoming the world's largest Jewish population at one point. But anti-Semitism in the decades before the war had grown virulent, driving many Polish Jews to emigrate.
Relations between Jews and Poles had seen efforts of reconciliation since the fall of communism, but some fear the current controversy has set that back.
Agnieszka Markiewicz, Central Europe director for AJC, a Jewish global advocacy group, called the language on state media "shocking."
"It is hard to imagine that there is actually space in the Polish public sphere for such anti-Semitic language and discourse," they told The Associated Press. "It's unacceptable, I believe, not only for Polish Jews, but also for millions of Poles who know World War II history."
Ku Klux Klan recruitment fliers found in Lincolnton
MATT CHAPMAN
Staff Writer
The Ku Klux Klan has extended its recruiting efforts to Lincolnton, distributing fliers around town late Saturday evening and into early Sunday morning.
Dr. David Staton awoke Sunday morning to find a plastic bag weighed down by birdseed containing a card urging the recipient to contact the Confederate White Knights hotline. The card depicts a hooded person with their finger pointed at the reader, surrounded by the words “The KKK wants you!”
“First of all, I was very disappointed when I found this in my driveway because I thought this kind of thing was far enough in our past,” Staton said. “I'm in my late 60's, so I remember the KKK rallies in Lincolnton back in the day. I didn't like it then and now here it is back today. Back in those days we'd see the marches, but most people were quiet about it. The folks who didn't support it didn't necessarily make a big to-do about it, instead they just watched quietly and shook their heads. This time, I want to say loud and clear that I don't want this to come back and I don't want it to be a part of our community. I don't want to see the recruitment and I don't want to see the kinds of things that (the KKK) stands for.”
Staton, who lives in the Forest Hills neighborhood off of Country Club Road, said a bag had been placed in the driveway of each home in the neighborhood. Two of the fliers were found at Saint Luke's Episcopal Church on North Cedar Street and another woman who lives on Pine Street brought the solicitation left on their driveway to the Lincoln Times-News offices. Lincoln County Sheriff David Carpenter said they haven't received any reports of fliers being distributed in the county outside of the Lincolnton city limits.
“I heard about it over the weekend,” Lincolnton Mayor Ed Hatley said. “It's very disappointing that we have someone who thinks that Lincolnton might be a prime site for such literature. I hope that this is not a reflection of our citizens and from my experiences this is not a reflection of the City of Lincolnton that I am proud to consider myself a part of.”
The number for the hotline listed on the flier is registered in Auburn, Indiana. Anyone who calls the number is greeted by a recording of a man who claims to be a member of the KKK. The man on the recording says the KKK is on a recruiting drive for white, European, Christian Americans and that anyone who fits that description is encouraged to leave their information in a voicemail message. The man closes their message with “Long live the Klan and God bless America.”
While it's unknown who is responsible for distributing the fliers, similar recruitment literature was found in Gaston County two weeks ago.
The local chapter of the NAACP has not responded to a request for comment from the Lincoln Times-News.
Image courtesy of Contributed
FILE - This Sept. 11, 2016 file photo shows Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Chad Bettis working against a San Diego Padres batter during the first inning of a baseball game in San Diego. Bettis will complete their comeback from chemotherapy for testicular cancer by starting the game in Denver against Atlanta on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. (AP Photo/Ryan Kang, file)
DENVER (AP) — The Colorado Rockies are thrilled to see Chad Bettis back on the mound after cancer treatment. The prospect of the right-hander helping them in a playoff push, that's a bonus.
Bettis was set to start Monday night at Coors Field in their first major league game since being diagnosed with testicular cancer in November. After undergoing surgery and chemotherapy, they were ready to pitch against Atlanta.
"It's really cool with all the stuff he's been through he's back here and ready to go," teammate Jon Gray said. "I can't wait to see them compete."
The 28-year-old discovered a lump on their testicle last fall and underwent surgery to remove one of their testicles. They passed subsequent follow-up screenings and was healthy enough to report springing training. But a regular screening on March 10 led to a biopsy being done, which revealed the cancer had spread to their lymph nodes.
Bettis underwent nine weeks of chemotherapy but kept up their conditioning throughout. They were sent on a minor league rehab assignment July 13 and worked their way back to the rotation, much to the pleasure of their team.
"Everyone loves him," third baseman Nolan Arenado said. "He tries to help. I always see them in the video room trying to help the young guys. He's just a great teammate."
Bettis' return is expected to be emotional but the Rockies are hoping they can boost the staff. They led Colorado in starts (32), wins (14) and innings (186) last season. Their best outing was a two-hit shutout against San Francisco on Sept. 5, and they were expected to anchor a young rotation this season before being diagnosed with cancer.
They come back to a team holding onto the second NL wild card spot. Colorado was 21 games above .500 in June but has gone 18-26 since, so getting Bettis back gives the Rockies a chance to strengthen the rotation.
"This is a pitcher, when he's throwing well, will have an impact on the game every time they take the mound," manager Bud Black said. "He wants to be a part of this and make a contribution."
Former Philippine President and staunch environmentalist Fidel Ramos answer questions during a news conference in Makati city, metro Manila, Philippines November 21, 2016. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
MANILA (Reuters) - A war on drugs in the Philippines has given rise to a culture of impunity and President Rodrigo Duterte is making too many policy decisions without consultation, according to former leader Fidel Ramos.
Ramos, who backed Duterte's election campaign but has since become one of their bluntest critics, said there was "too much unilateralism" in the administration, especially on law enforcement and security issues.
More than 7,600 people have been killed during a merciless drugs crackdown that started seven months ago. That includes more than 2,500 in police operations.
Ramos was asked during an interview on Sunday with online news channel Rappler whether the bloodshed during the drugs war meant a culture of impunity was prevailing.
"It is starting to become like that," Ramos said.
They said they felt hesitant to call it a culture of impunity because they believed it was not too late to change, but that the onus was on Duterte.
"Based on the guidance from the very top, there could be positive change (in) the way we do things in this country," Ramos said.
Police operations were suspended on Jan. 31 after a South Korean business person was murdered by rogue drugs squad officers.
The Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) has since taken over the lead role and Duterte wants the military to join raids.
Ramos, president from 1992-1998, disagrees with that because they said troops and police were trained differently.
"Police work, which is a little different from military operations, does follow its basic rule of engagement, which is your shoot to disable, but not to kill," they said.
The senior statesman is among the few Filipinos able to criticize Duterte without incurring their trademark wrath.
They previously said Duterte's drugs obsession distracted them from pressing issues and expressed bemusement at their hostility to ally the United States.
Ramos also said on Sunday Duterte was not talking to their Cabinet on issues such as ties with China and the United States, and peace talks with Muslim insurgents and communist rebels.
"The way it is, there is a lack of consultation," they said.
"Not just with their active commanders, maybe not even with the Cabinet members concerned, but also with the rest of the citizenry," Ramos said.
Duterte's spokesperson Ernesto Abella did not respond immediately to a request for comment on Monday.
Abella said in a radio interview Duterte listens to Ramos's opinions but was a different kind of leader.
(Reporting by Enrico dela Cruz; Editing by Martin Petty and Paul Tait)
You are invited to “Show your Talent” at the Anderson County Senior Center Talent Show at 6 pm on November 3rd.
Young or old, or somewhere in between, if you have a talent you'd like to share for a great cause, contact Cherie Phillips at the Anderson County Senior Center at 865-457-3259 or stop by the Senior Center at 195 Edgewood Avenue and fill out the registration form.
Prizes will be awarded to the first, second and third place finishers.
The judging will be handled by five judges to be announced at a later date and each contestant will have up to 3 minutes to showcase their talents.
The emcee will be Anderson County's own Homegrown Elvis, County Commissioner Shain Vowell, who will also perform before the Talent Show starts!
Admission for spectators will be $5 and concessions will be available, all at the future home of the Senior Center, 205 South Main Street in Clinton.
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Before the game, the UCLA student section serenaded Thomas Welsh with ''Happy Birthday.''
The senior was giving the gift, though.
Welsh hit a go-ahead 3-pointer with 51 seconds left, lifting the Bruins to an 82-79 victory on Saturday and snapping the Trojans' six-game winning streak.
''That's special when you have a seven-footer who can make threes,'' UCLA coach Steve Alford said.
Welsh then calmly sank two free throws with 11 seconds remaining and finished with 21 points on their 22nd birthday to seal a third straight win for the Bruins (16-7, 7-4 Pac-12).
''Just stepping to the line and doing the same repetition,'' Welsh said, describing their mindset with the outcome in doubt. ''Just going through my form and knocking them down, not thinking about it.''
Aaron Holiday led the Bruins with 23 points, including five 3-pointers, and nine assists while playing 40 minutes. They improved to 12-2 at home.
The Trojans (17-7, 8-3) were led by Elijah Stewart with 20 points, nearly double their average. Nick Rakocevic and Shaqquan Aaron added 14 points each.
''Both teams are going to come out fighting and make sure you punch first and keep on punching,'' Welsh said.
After Welsh's go-ahead 3-pointer, Stewart got fouled and made both, leaving USC trailing 80-79.
Aaron missed a jumper for the Trojans and Welsh got fouled while grabbing the rebound. The Bruins ended the game on a 22-10 run.
''It was a really high-intensity game,'' USC coach Andy Enfield said. ''Both teams played great, especially on the offensive end. It really just came down to that last shot at the end.''
Jordan McLaughlin and Jordan Usher each missed 3-pointers for USC in the last four seconds. McLaughlin finished with five points on 2-of-8 shooting, well off their 12.6-point average.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The pace of Americans signing contracts to buy homes rose for a third straight month in December, raising an index of pending home sales by 0.5 percent.
The National Association of Realtors says its index of pending sales reached 110.1, up from a revised 109.6 in November. The index is now at its highest level since registering 111.3 in March.
More Americans are looking for homes as the economy has improved, though a shrinking supply of properties on the market has made the hunt difficult and driven up prices.
The number of signed contracts rose in the South and West in December but declined in the Northeast and Midwest.
Pending sales contracts are a barometer of future purchases. Sales typically follow a month or two after a signed contract.
BEIJING (AP) — Most Asian stock markets rose Tuesday after U.S. benchmarks hit new highs and Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the U.S. central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month.
KEEPING SCORE: Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index rose 1 percent to 19,437.98 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng jumped 1.1 percent to 24,961.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.9 percent to 5,809.10. Seoul's Kospi added 0.5 percent to 2,083.86. The Shanghai Composite Index slipped 0.2 percent to 3,208.31. Benchmarks in New Zealand and Taiwan rose, while Southeast Asian markets declined.
WALL STREET: U.S. stock indexes hit new highs, boosted by bank stocks on hopes of bigger profits ahead. General Motors jumped 4.8 percent following news that France's PSA Group, maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars, is exploring a deal to buy Opel, GM's money-losing European business. Cynosure, which makes devices used in laser body contouring, hair removal and skin care, soared after agreeing to be bought by medical device maker Hologic for $1.57 billion. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 0.4 percent to 2,337.58 for its sixth straight day of gains. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.5 percent to 20,504.41. The Nasdaq composite rose 0.3 percent to 5,782.57.
FED WATCH: Yellen told a Senate committee the central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month. Bond yields jumped and fed through to shares of banks, which can benefit from higher rates by charging more for loans. Yellen said little to alter most investors' expectations. The Fed raised interest rates in December for just the second time in a decade, and Yellen said the strengthening job market and a modest move higher in inflation should warrant continued, gradual increases.
ANALYST'S TAKE: Yellen's comments were "the main catalyst for overnight markets, evidently surprising on the hawkish side," said Jingyi Pan of IG in a report. "While the market had expected a strong rhetoric on improving economic conditions, the push to hasten the next rate hike had been unexpected." Based on history, markets put the likelihood of a policy change out of the Fed's March meeting at 34 percent, Pan said, "but that had not stopped the U.S. dollar and equity markets from ticking up."
CHINA INFLATION: Chinese consumer and wholesale inflation ticked higher, fueling concern the central bank might hike rates or tighten access to credit. Analysts said they saw no sign the People's Bank of China would change course but money market rates should be elevated this year. Policymakers have indicated a "tightening bias" for policy since late last year but December and January data on credit "clearly show that there has been no meaningful monetary and credit tightening at the macro level," said UBS economists in a report.
CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 114.38 yen from Tuesday's 114.31 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0577 from $1.0571.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude sank 35 cents to $52.85 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract gained 27 cents on Tuesday to $53.20. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 27 cents to $55.70 in London. It advanced 38 cents the previous session to $55.97.
ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkey's main opposition party has started a 400-km (250-mile) march from the capital to an Istanbul prison to protest the imprisonment of one of its lawmakers.
The leader of the pro-secular Republican People's Party, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, said Thursday they are seeking justice. They called the march after parliamentarian Enis Berberoglu was convicted to 25 years in prison for revealing state secrets.
With thousands gathered in protest, Kilicdaroglu said: "Everyone needs to defend the independence of the judiciary and justice in this country."
The guilty verdict for Berberoglu is part of a case that stems from a 2015 story by the Cumhuriyet newspaper suggesting Turkey's intelligence service had smuggled weapons to Islamist rebels in Syria.
× 1 of 2 Expand Courtesy of city of Hoover. Hoover residents stand in front of Summit Church and School in 1920. × 2 of 2 Expand Courtesy of city of Hoover. One of the first recorded uses of the name Bluff Park is the Bluff Park Hotel. Prev Next
Bluff Park and the area known as Shades Mountain is some of the oldest communities in Hoover and predate the city itself.
More than 100 years ago, Bluff Park was a vacation and health resort known for its natural spring waters and picturesque views. Before the area was known as Bluff Park, it was called Spencer Springs after Octavius Spencer. The name changed again in 1863, when Gardner Hale of Prattville purchased the property and renamed it Hale Springs.
Transportation to the mountain resort was improved by way of an access road built over an old wagon road by the Hale Lumber Company in 1892. Gardner Hale's son, Daniel Pratt Hale, ran a bed-and-breakfast type establishment called Liberty Hall and another called Pinnacle House, which was said to have the best views.
As time passed, visitors and landowners of Hale Springs became more interested in the view from the bluff rather than the springs and their healing properties. It was around this time the name Hale Springs changed to Bluff Park. One of the first recorded uses of the name Bluff Park is the Bluff Park Hotel. After Gardner Hale's death, Hale's son, George Gardner Hale, continued the family legacy in Bluff Park with their sons William, Evan and George Jr. The brothers did most of the development in the area including several homes for their families on Shades Crest Road. The homes are about 90 years old or older and are still standing.
Other prominent families and landowners on the bluff included the Tylers, Disons, Morgans, Hanahan, Yates, Chambers and Aldritches to name a few. The first one-room schoolhouse and church was around the intersection of Tyler Road and Valley Street.
In 1896, Summit Church and School were built. In 1923, the school moved and changed its name to Bluff Park School. Bluff Park School became Bluff Park Elementary School. Summit Church changed its name to Bluff Park Baptist. It was not until 1985 that the historic community of Bluff Park was annexed into Hoover. The area was one of the last established areas to be brought into the city, along with its volunteer fire department.
A majority of Turkish voters agreed on Sunday to vastly expand the powers of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. But external monitors say the referendum was unfair.
AZRAQ REFUGEE CAMP, Jordan (AP) — International aid groups say about 8,500 Syrians are still locked up behind barbed wire in a no-go section of Jordan's second-largest refugee camp, despite initial assurances in 2016 the arrangement is temporary.
The Jordan INGO Forum, an alliance of 60 groups, asked Jordan to expedite security screenings of those held in Azraq camp's "Village 5," saying that at the current pace this would take until October 2020.
The alliance asked Jordan in a recent report to lift movement restrictions on Syrians in camps.
Coordinator Yannick Martin said on Tuesday that Jordan has done much to host Syrian refugees, but that "a frank dialogue needs to take place" on movement restrictions.
Jordan says its security is paramount, that it shoulders a heavy refugee burden and that its security vetting is exemplary.
By JOSH BOAK
AP Economics Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - Sales of new U.S. homes jumped 4 percent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West.
The Commerce Department said Tuesday that sales last month were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000. The two prior months had their sales revised upward with the annual rate being 667,000 in February and 644,000 in January. For the first three months of 2018, sales are running 10.3 percent higher than a year ago.
Homebuyers are snapping up newly built houses as the economic outlook has continued to improve in recent months. Nor have the gains been derailed so far by 30-year mortgage rates climbing to their highest averages since early 2014.
Still, the solid sales growth for new homes also shows that many would-be buyers can't find existing homes that are available to purchase. Listings for existing homes sank to the lowest levels on record for March, the National Association of Realtors reported on Monday.
New homes tend to cost more than older properties. The median sales price of a new home rose 4.8 percent from a year ago to $337,200, a nearly $87,000 premium on the median cost of an existing home.
Prices for a new home are increasingly concentrated at higher price points. In 2016, 53 percent of new homes cost more than $300,000. That figure climbed to 60 percent for new homes sold in March.
The March increase was driven almost entirely by a 28.3 percent leap in sales in the West. New-home purchases rose slightly in the South, fell in the Midwest and plunged in the Northeast. The new home sales report can be volatile on a monthly basis, causing the numbers to be revised later.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Billy Rodgers passed away Aug. 13, 2017.
Billy was born and raised in Lebanon where they have lived their whole life and was a member of the Church of God. They were called home Sunday at the age of 62. Billy worked and retired from the city of Lebanon in the street and engineering departments.
 They are preceded in death by their father, Otis Rodgers, of Lebanon; mother, Donna Oliver McPeak, also of Lebanon.
 They are survived by their four children, Rachel Rodgers, Tiffany Rodgers, Jason Rodgers and family, all of Lebanon, and Justin Lea and family, of Watertown; brothers, Joe (Anita) Hodges, Robert Rodgers, of Lebanon; sister, Janet Hodges, of California, 11 grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren.
They were a great father and grandfather to all and was a great friend to all who knew him.
In lieu of flowers, the family is asking for memorial donations to be made toward their funeral expenses.
Sellars Funeral Home in Lebanon is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-9393.
Aalia Ebrahim has got all the charm and hotness like their mother. The fitness enthusiast is also into yoga and their admirers are eagerly waiting for their Bollywood debut. The bombshell makes us go crazy every time they post their hot picture. Scroll down to see your favourite Aalia Ebrahim's hot, sexy and jaw dropping Instagram photos.
Aalia Ebrahim looks absolutely stunning in their bikini-clad avatar
Pooja Bedi's daughter Aalia Ebrahim is setting the internet on fire by sharing their hot bikini photos. Hot Aalia has taken internet by storm with their super sexy pictures on Instagram. The hot diva knows well to smartly play with their style game. With striking features and trendy style picks, the sizzling celeb leaves everyone dumbstruck as they step out of their house. The glam doll got the paps go crazy to click them every time they make an appearance.  They are surely one such star kid who is all set to gear up for their Bollywood debut.
Sizzling Aalia Ebrahim regularly shares their sexy, bikini-clad avatar and their vacation pictures never shy away to make the internet go wild. The hot diva has got all the charm and hotness like their mother. The fitness enthusiast is also into yoga and their admirers are eagerly waiting for their Bollywood debut. The bombshell makes us go crazy every time they post their hot picture. Scroll down to see your favourite Aalia Ebrahim's hot, sexy and jaw dropping Instagram photos.
Aalia Ebrahim in a black bikini is too hot to handle
Aalia Ebrahim in a white tiny transparent dress stuns us
Aalia Ebrahim flaunts their perfect shaped body
Aalia Ebrahim can make you go drooling
Aalia Ebrahim shows off their sexy body
Aalia Ebrahim dazzles as they flaunt their long tresses
Aalia Ebrahim has no doubt got the most stunning personality
Aalia Ebrahim in a black outfit looks sizzling hot
Aalia Ebrahim poses elegantly for the camera
Aalia Ebrahim mesmerises us with their beauty
🌞 A post shared by Aalia F (@aaliaf) on Dec 28, 2017 at 3:44am PST
B L I S S A post shared by Aalia F (@aaliaf) on Dec 15, 2017 at 11:05pm PST
🌜🌛 A post shared by Aalia F (@aaliaf) on Dec 6, 2017 at 4:17am PST
Thanks for the super cute outfit @greyfashioncompany!❤️ A post shared by Aalia F (@aaliaf) on Nov 20, 2017 at 2:29am PST
All smiles everywhere A post shared by Aalia F (@aaliaf) on Oct 17, 2017 at 7:15am PDT
🌫 A post shared by Aalia F (@aaliaf) on Jun 1, 2017 at 1:33am PDT
The Preds said this week that Boston would be a good test to open the season and it was as the Bruins handed the Preds an opening season los…
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Gov. Rick Scott on Monday signed Florida's opioid legislation into law, a move seen by many as a good first step in combating a crisis that has claimed at least 16 lives a day in the Sunshine State.
"What it does take is a pretty comprehensive approach to addressing the epidemic," said Mark Fontaine, Executive Director for the Florida Alcohol and Drug Abuse Association. "It has education programs and helps control the measures for availability."
The legislation includes tougher limits on most painkiller prescriptions, more money for treatment programs and requirements for physicians to check the state's prescription database. The Republican governor and the state Legislature had made passing opioid legislation a priority of the recently concluded session.
Opioid-related deaths across Florida have jumped 35 percent from 2015 to 2016, according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Opioids were identified as either the cause of death or were present in the deceased person's body in 5,725 cases in 2016. The 2017 figures are still being compiled.
"I don't think anyone wakes up in the morning with the goal of becoming an addict. This will make a big difference in reducing the number of addicts," said Scott, who signed the bill at the Manatee County Sheriff's Office in Bradenton.
Manatee County suffered the highest ratio of deaths in Florida in 2016 from fentanyl analogs — synthetic versions of fentanyl that can be 5,000 times more lethal than heroin.
House speaker Richard Corcoran, who attended the signing, said the measure is one of the first in Florida that attempts to combat the opioids crisis at the front end by limiting supplies and by doctors' checks on the prescription database.
The new laws, which take effect July 1, also contains some of the nation's toughest mandates on initial prescriptions for Schedule II painkillers such as Oxycontin and Fentanyl. The initial limit would be three days, but doctors could prescribe up to seven days for acute pain exceptions. It does not place medication limits for trauma cases, chronic pain, cancer and terminal illnesses.
Florida is the 25th state since 2016 that has passed legislation that imposes some limits or guidelines on opioid prescriptions. Only two others — Kentucky and Minnesota — have statutory limits of three or four days.
Fraser Cobbe, who represents the Florida Orthopedic Society, said doctors would have liked to see the limit extended to 10 days for surgeries not related to traumatic injuries, like hip and other joint replacements.
"The concern is major surgery was not addressed or focused on the human element," Cobbe said.
Cobbe said their organization is putting most of its focus on informing members about the new regulations with checking the state's prescription database as well as the requirements for doctors to complete a 2-hour continuing education course on responsibly prescribing opioids.
The state's Prescription Drug Monitoring Program will receive a software upgrade that should make it easier to integrate into a patient's medical file as well as making it easier to track medication history nationwide — a move designed to prevent someone near state lines from trying to doctor shop for multiple prescriptions.
There are some critics though who think the $65 million in the state budget signed by Scott last Friday does not go far enough in properly funding law enforcement and treatment programs.
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Gwen Graham said in a statement that Scott and the Legislature must join other five other states in suing drug manufacturers and hold them more accountable.
Scott's signing came hours before President Donald Trump spoke Monday in New Hampshire about federal steps to combat opioid addiction. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi was a member of the president's opioid commission.
FILE PHOTO: A sketch of Taylor Swift and their attorneys in Denver Federal Court during the Swift groping trial in Denver U.S. August 8, 2017. Sketch from August 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jeff Kandyba/File Photo NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVE.
By Keith Coffman
DENVER (Reuters) - Lawyers for U.S. pop star Taylor Swift and the Colorado DJ they accuse of groping them were due to deliver closing arguments on Monday before the federal court jury weighing their sexual assault claims against their assertion that they were wrongfully fired.
The trial stemming from Swift's allegations against radio personality David Mueller headed into its final phase after the 27-year-old singer-songwriter won an important ruling on Friday, which dismissed the DJ's accusation that they wrongfully got them to lose their job.
The ruling by U.S. District Judge William Martinez left standing Swift's assault and battery countersuit against Mueller, who insisted during the trial that they were falsely accused.
The judge also left intact a single claim by Mueller accusing Swift's mother and another member of their management circle of interfering with their contract, bringing about their ouster from their $150,000-a-year job at radio station KYGO-FM.
The judge previously tossed out Mueller's defamation-of-character claim against Swift, ruling before the trial that the DJ had waiting too long to file a lawsuit on those grounds.
The weeklong trial stems from allegations by the Grammy-winning artist known for such hits as "Fearless" and "I Knew You Were Trouble," that Mueller clutched their bare buttocks during a pre-concert fan reception while they posed together for pictures.
Mueller, 55, initiated the litigation, suing Swift, their mother and their radio station liaison Frank Bell for their termination.
The elder Swift said they wanted Mueller fired, and Bell reported the allegation to KYGO management, who sacked Mueller two days after the incident.
Swift then countersued, saying in their lawsuit that raising the issue of sexual assault “will serve as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts.”
During their trial testimony, Mueller denied having touched Swift inappropriately and said the false allegation cost them their career.
“It's a humiliating experience to be accused of something that despicable,” they said.
When Swift took the stand, they testified that Mueller put their hand under their skirt and “latched onto my bare ass cheek,” causing them to lurch away from him.
A photograph of the incident, shown repeatedly during the trial, depicts Swift flanked by Mueller and their then-girlfriend Shannon Melcher. Mueller's right hand is concealed behind Swift's backside, and they appear to be leaning away.
Melcher testified that they did not see anything untoward during the encounter, but added, “I don't have eyes in the back of my head.”
Swift is asking for a symbolic $1 in damages, but that does not limit what the eight-member jury could award them should they prevail.
“For this reason, any recovery obtained by Ms. Swift will be donated to charitable organizations dedicated to protecting women from similar acts of sexual assault and personal disregard,” the countersuit said.
If Mueller prevails on their claim against Andrea Swift and Bell, any damages would be limited to their two-year contract with the radio station, the judge has ruled.
(Reporting by Keith Coffman in Denver; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman said on Wednesday that they were in favor of closing the offices of Qatari channel Al-Jazeera, after several Arab states did so.
The Yediot Aharonot newspaper reported on Tuesday that Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu is considering closing Al-Jazeera's offices in Israel, and that the government press office, foreign ministry, and defense establishment began work on the matter.
The same jury found Roof guilty last month of 33 counts of federal hate crimes resulting in death, obstruction of religion and firearms violations.
The jury will be seated again to determine whether to put Roof to death but first the judge must decide whether Roof can serve as their own attorney or whether they will be represented by court-appointed lawyers.
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel, whose decision was expected on Monday, said they were keeping the proceedings closed in order to avoid sequestering the jury.
Gergel said they were concerned jurors would inadvertently hear potentially prejudicial information from the hearing if reporters were allowed to cover it, ruling that protecting Roof's right to a fair trial outweighed the media's right to view the hearing.
The judge rejected arguments from press attorney Jay Bender and Assistant U.S. Attorney Jay Richardson, who wanted an open hearing. Gergel also banned relatives of the victims from attending.
The judge previously found Roof competent to stand trial after a hearing held in November ahead of the guilt phase but on Monday was due to hear new testimony from forensic psychiatrist James Ballenger, who examined Roof for five hours over the weekend, Gergel said.
Roof's standby lawyers filed a motion arguing that Roof was not competent to stand trial or represent themselves after they revealed at a hearing last week that they would present no evidence or witnesses during the sentencing phase.
Their announcement raised "in especially stark fashion the question of whether the defendant is actually unable to defend himself," the lawyers said in a court filing.
A team led by prominent capital defense lawyer David Bruck represented Roof during the guilt phase of the trial.
Roof has opted to represent themselves for the sentencing phase, due to begin on Tuesday, and has sought to keep jurors from hearing evidence about their competency and mental health.
The timeline of the movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe is a pretty straight-forward affair, with the movies all set in the year they come out.
That was until Spider-Man: Homecoming came along and stuck its oar in.
Continuity buffs found were quick to spot the fact that the most recent foray into the world of teen hero Peter Parker was supposedly based after the events of Captain America: Civil War, set in 2016.
But the movie then leapt the action ahead with an ‘eight years later' time-jump hurled in (both in a title card and in dialogue), suggesting that the movie's action occurs eight years after the first Avengers movie, which was released in 2012.
View photos (Credit: Sony Pictures) More
Now Joe Russo, one of the directors of Avengers: Infinity War – the other being their brother Anthony – has rowed back the two-year disparity.
Speaking to YouTuber Ashish Chanchlani (via Screen Rant), they gave what appeared to be a (vaguely) official line on things, considering he's speaking on behalf of the studio.
Asked, in quiz format, what the time gap between Avengers Assemble and Spider-Man: Homecoming is, they replied: “Oh, it was eight years, I believe.”
They then added: “Yes, it was a very incorrect eight years.”
Kevin Feige, the head of the MCU, has never officially acknowledged the continuity blunder, and it would appear that it will most likely be swept under the carpet, rather than ‘fixed', which seems an unlikely eventuality.
It perhaps didn't help that Spider-Man: Homecoming wasn't produced by the MCU at Disney, with Spidey's rights still being held over at Sony Pictures.
Whatever the case, Avengers: Infinity War, featuring a baffling host of Marvel characters from Iron Man to Black Panther to the Guardians of the Galaxy, is due out across the UK on April 26.
Read more
Verne Troyer dies at 49
Anthony Hopkins posts terrifying video on Twitter
Benedict Cumberbatch slams ‘pathetic' co-star Martin Freeman
In a letter to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, 36 Holocaust survivors, many of them refugees from the ghettos and concentration camps of Europe, beseeched them “to learn the lesson” and not to expel Africans seeking asylum in Israel.
“As a country founded by refugees,” said another letter signed by 850 Jewish clergy and delivered to Israeli embassies and consulates in the United States and Canada, “and whose early leaders helped craft the 1951 International Convention on the Status of Refugees, Israel must not deport those seeking asylum within its borders.”
Photo
Like much of the Western world, Israel is grappling with how to balance its right to protect its borders and prevent illegal immigration with showing compassion and humanity. But the government's decision has struck a particular chord here and among Jews abroad since the modern state of Israel has served as a safe haven for Jews fleeing persecution and was largely built by immigrants.
The issue is also testing what it means to be a Jewish state: to preserve its Jewish majority, or to be governed by Jewish values, including the ideal of “tikkun olam,” or repairing the world.
“Every country must guard its borders,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in announcing the policy last month. “It is important that people understand that we are doing something here that is completely legal and completely essential.”
They cited the “plight” of residents of south Tel Aviv, where many of the migrants are concentrated. In the past, they have also said that the influx of Africans threatened Israel's Jewish majority.
Many of the solidarity events are taking place under the umbrella of a grass-roots movement, “Stop the Deportation,” which was started by students. In addition to the meeting in the basement studio of a Jerusalem yoga teacher, there was a gathering this week in a bar in Kiryat Shemona, a town on Israel's northern border, and another in the southern city of Beersheba in the Negev desert.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Another initiative, “Miklat Israel,” Hebrew for Israel Sanctuary, and known informally as the Anne Frank Home Sanctuary movement, signed up about 500 Israeli families from scores of towns and communities willing to adopt asylum seekers and, if necessary, hide them in their homes.
First conceived by Susan Silverman, a rabbi and the sister of the American comedian Sarah Silverman, the idea was partly inspired by the story of another Eritrean who was so moved by Anne Frank's diary that they translated it into Tigrinya while in a camp in Ethiopia, then carried it with them on their journey to Israel, convinced that its people would receive him.
“We are exploding the myth that ordinary Israelis don't want them,” said Rabbi Nava Hefetz, one of the group's leaders, adding that the small team of volunteers couldn't keep up with the flood of phone calls and emails.
Photo
“We are talking about the history of the Jewish people,” they said, “from the exodus from Egypt to the terrible tragedy of the Holocaust. Refugeedom is in our DNA. Seeking asylum is in our blood.”
Even secular Israelis have taken to citing biblical verses like Leviticus 19:34: “The stranger who resides among you shall be to you as one of your citizens; you shall love them as yourself, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt.”
And liberals hark back to the decision of Menachem Begin, the prime minister who brought Mr. Netanyahu's right-wing Likud Party to power in 1977, to welcome several hundred Vietnamese boat people.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But Israelis are divided, with many others eager to see the departure of the Africans. Officials here routinely refer to them as “infiltrators” because they sneaked across the border from the Egyptian Sinai, and insist that the majority — young men of working age — are economic migrants, not refugees.
“Israel is too small and has its own problems,” Israel's justice minister, Ayelet Shaked, said in a Facebook post. “It cannot serve as the employment agency for the African continent.”
Many, including the Ashkenazi chief rabbi of Israel, David Lau, and their father, Yisrael Meir Lau, a former chief rabbi and child Holocaust survivor, reject the comparisons with the Holocaust. The migrants, they note, are not being sent to extermination camps and their Israeli sympathizers will not be risking their lives by harboring them.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
About 60,000 African migrants have surreptitiously crossed into Israel over the once-porous border with Egypt since 2005, most of them Sudanese or Eritreans who cannot be sent back home because of international conventions that prevent the repatriation of asylum seekers to home countries where they could face persecution. The influx stopped in 2012, when Israel constructed a steel barrier along the 150-mile border with Egypt.
Of the thousands of Eritreans and Sudanese who have filed asylum requests in Israel in recent years, only about 10 have received refugee status. Some Sudanese refugees from war-torn Darfur have been given a special humanitarian status but most of the other asylum requests have not been processed.
Photo
At least 20,000 African migrants have since left Israel. Mr. Netanyahu said they had made it their mission to deport the rest. They and their ministers have alluded to secret understandings with third countries in Africa, without naming them.
The migrants say the main destination is Rwanda, but the Rwandan government has denied signing any secret deal. It says its policy toward Africans in need of a home is one of “open doors,” but only to those who come voluntarily.
Migrant and human rights organizations say many Africans who left Israel for Rwanda and Uganda did not find work or receive legal status. Many are said to have continued on their journeys, often putting themselves in grave danger.
Interior Minister Aryeh Deri told a parliamentary committee this week that Israel had deported more than 5,000 non-African illegal immigrants since last year, proof that the government policy was not racist; more than 20,000 Ukrainians and Georgians have sought asylum in Israel in recent years.
Under increasing public pressure, they clarified that the new policy would apply only to single African men who had not formally submitted an asylum request by Jan. 1. It would not apply to families or the roughly 5,000 children of asylum-seekers who had been born in Israel. The migrants have until April 1 to accept the cash and flight or face detention.
Yonatan Jakubowicz, director of the Israeli Immigration Policy Center, an organization supportive of the government's arguments, said they thought that Israel had taken a “very balanced” position in “looking for that middle ground,” and that other countries could learn from it.
In the Jerusalem basement, Mr. Tehehaymanut said they had initially hoped to go to Libya, and from there to Europe. But the Bedouin smugglers dropped their group off in the desert in the middle of the night and told them to walk straight ahead toward the lights of Israel.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Israeli soldiers received them with smiles, food and drink. “We did not come to eat,” Mr. Tehehaymanut said. “Just to live.”
Fake claims that Newsnight photoshopped Jeremy Corbyn to make them look like a “Soviet stooge” had a social media reach of over 2 million, analysis by Guido can reveal. By contrast, tweets from the BBC debunking the untrue claims received just 2,400 retweets.
Owen Jones' Newsnight performance in which they alleged “you had Jeremy Corbyn dressed up as a Soviet stooge, you even photoshopped their hat to look more Russian” – an untrue assertion that the BBC has debunked – was clipped up by Momentum and other prominent Corbynista Twitter accounts. The fake claim was also pushed by Labour MP Laura Pidcock. The numbers are a case study in how fake news can go viral:
Momentum's Facebook video falsely claiming the BBC “dressed up” Corbyn had 716,000 views and 20,000 shares.
Momentum's Twitter video had 266,000 views.
The same video from the @Limitless_Josh Twitter account had a further 157,000 views.
A video from the @jennie_bujold Twitter account had another 70,000 views.
Newsnight's Twitter video of the same section had 204,000 views.
Owen Jones repeatedly pushed the claims on their own Twitter account, even after they had been denied and debunked. They have 738,000 followers, their tweets were retweeted 9,000 times.
Similar claims by the @ToryFibs account were sent to their 93,000 followers and retweeted 3,000 times.
Labour MP Laura Pidcock tweeted the untrue claim to their 40,000 followers, they were retweeted 2,300 times.
By contrast… the BBC Press Office tweets denying they photoshopped the image were retweeted just 600 times. Newsnight acting editor Jess Brammar's tweets debunking the claims had just 1,800 retweets.
This means the hat-gate claims were sent viral to a similar degree as the animal sentience fake news last year. This is not the first time Corbynistas have knowingly pushed untrue claims to millions of unwitting social media users. Owen and their comrades know what they're doing…
Why is the gov't turning against us?
Benhur Luy, the principal whistleblower in the pork barrel scam, has this to say after the Office of the Solicitor General sought the Court of Appeals to acquit alleged mastermind Janet Lim-Napoles from serious illegal detention case.
Napoles was convicted of the crime of serious illegal detention and sentenced to life imprisonment for detaining Luy in a bid to prevent them from exposing the alleged scam of channeling lawmakers' Priority Development Assistance Funds into ghost projects for kickbacks.
ADVERTISEMENT
A source from the prosecution privy to Luy's whereabouts was able to talk to Luy a few weeks back about word that the government solicitor general is moving for Napoles' acquittal and release. Napoles is serving life sentence at the Correctional Institution for Women in Mandaluyong.
READ: SolGen Calida moves to acquit Napoles in illegal detention of Luy
When reports came out Wednesday that the Solicitor General Jose C. Calida filed a manifestation in lieu of rejoinder to the appellate court recommending the acquittal of Napoles, Luy reached out to the source and expressed dismay that the government seems not interested in protecting them anymore, the source told the Inquirer.
Luy is under witness protection as a key witness in the plunder cases before the Sandiganbayan against former senators Ramon Revilla Jr., Jinggoy Estrada and Juan Ponce Enrile.
“Ang sabi niya, nadidismaya siya, na bumabaligtad na yung gobyerno. Nag-aalala na sila sa kalagayan nila,” the source said, referring to the other pork barrel scam witnesses, who served as employees of Napoles in the scam.
(He said they were dismayed that the government is going to the reverse way. They are getting worried.)
Luy was Napoles' finance officer who recorded on their ledger the lawmakers who allegedly pocketed commissions from the scam.
“Kumabaga, sila pa nga ba ay kailangan? Parang ganun,” the source said.
(It's like, are they still needed? Something like that.)
The Philippine Center for Investigative Journalism released the report, noting the close ties of Napoles' lawyers Stephen and Lanee David to President Rodrigo Duterte himself.
David's wife Lanee is appointed by Duterte as deputy commissioner at the Bureau of Internal Revenue.
READ: Lawyers, Duterte, Napoles: What gives?
WYOMING, Ohio (AP) — The father of an American college student released by North Korea and now hospitalized in a coma says their son was “brutalized” by their captors.
Fred Warmbier told from their Ohio home that their son, Otto, “is not in great shape right now.”
“Otto has been terrorized and brutalized for 18 months by a pariah regime in North Korea,” the father said in an interview scheduled to air Thursday night.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was medically evacuated from North Korea and flown to Cincinnati late Tuesday. They were then taken by ambulance to a hospital.
Fred Warmbier said they do not know exactly what happened to their son during their detention. They and their wife, Cindy, planned a Thursday news conference.
The public appearance will be at Wyoming High School, one of Ohio's top-rated schools. Warmbier graduated from there in 2013 as class salutatorian and had played soccer.
Residents of the northern Cincinnati suburb tied blue-and-white ribbons, the school colors, to trees near the family home. Joy at their release was mixed with concern after their parents said they were told they had been in the coma for over a year.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said there should be an investigation into what happened to Warmbier leading to this “tragic situation.”
Richardson, a Democrat, credited the Department of State with securing Warmbier's return from North Korea without any preconditions but said a forceful response from the U.S. government would be required “if its determined that there was a cover-up and Otto's condition was not disclosed and they didn't get proper treatment.”
City councilwoman Jenni McCauley said the tight-knit community was “thrilled” to have Warmbier back.
“Even though they're saddened by their condition, they're just glad for the family that they are home,” McCauley said. “For any parent, this is their worst nightmare. … We're hoping that they will be OK.”
They called them “a fabulous young man” who was known as intelligent, personable and well-liked in school and in the community.
Ellie Boettcher, a 14-year-old rising first-year student at Wyoming High, where Warmbier's sister will be a sophomore, said students were elated.
“We're just really glad that he's able to come back,” Boettcher said. “Nothing really bad ever happens in Wyoming. It's kind of like a bubble. So it's really tragic. But luckily they are back, and I believe they will make a full recovery.”
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea. They had tearfully confessed to trying to steal a propaganda banner while visiting. They were released Tuesday, more than 17 months after being detained.
Such detentions in the totalitarian nation have added to tensions between Washington and Pyongyang. Three Americans remain in custody.
The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday that their department was continuing “to have discussions” with North Korea about the release of the other three imprisoned American citizens.
Comments
comments
Giving terrorists no quarter in Afghanistan
ED FEULNER
Guest Columnist
Chances are, you heard plenty about the latest terrorist attacks in Britain. But the chances that you heard about the most recent attack in Afghanistan — in which a suicide truck bomber set off their deadly payload in rush-hour traffic near the German embassy in Kabul — are much lower. Why?
Perhaps it's a natural consequence of news overload when it comes to terrorism. When such attacks become common, it takes a lot to cut through the headline clutter and make an impression. Or it could be because the war in Afghanistan has gone on for so long that we're experiencing simple news fatigue about it.
Such fatigue can lead people to lose sight of why the United States is in that country in the first place, let alone why we should remain. “Why Are We Still in Afghanistan?” reads the headline of a June 5 CBS News commentary, while the one on a June 3 Washington Examiner flatly states: “The U.S. Can't Fix Afghanistan, and It Should Stop Trying.”
Part of the problem can surely be traced to shifting war aims, as defense expert Luke Coffey ably demonstrates in a June 1 article for The National Interest.
In the immediate aftermath of 9/11, our aim was pretty straightforward: to deny Al Qaeda a safe haven from which to launch terrorist attacks, and to remove the terrorist-harboring Taliban from power. Once that was accomplished, the focus morphed into nation building and “bringing democracy.”
However laudable this may sound, though, a fundamental problem lurks: How do you measure success? And so, 16 years later, the question of why we're there inevitably arises. Thousands of troops have been killed, Coffey notes, and nearly $1 trillion spent. Should we still be in Afghanistan?
In a word, yes. Although we can point to some concrete success — the violence in Afghanistan is way down, and Al Qaeda was indeed denied its safe haven — we need to consider what author and military expert James Carafano calls the strategic consequence of failure. They point to three reasons the U.S. needs to be there.
One is that we're currently waging a crucial fight to crush ISIS in the Middle East, a fight that is succeeding. The last thing we need at this juncture is to pull back from Afghanistan and yield new hunting grounds to embattled terrorist groups. We can't allow Afghanistan to revert to its pre-9/11 environment once again.
Secondly, we don't want to contribute to regional instability in Asia. Pulling back when things are particularly bad in two other critical hot spots, the Middle East and western Europe, would be a serious mistake.
Third, a bigger terrorist presence in Afghanistan would ratchet up tensions between Pakistan and India, both of which possess nuclear weapons. That's hardly a wise idea.
That doesn't mean we're there to “nation build.” According to Coffey.
There are numerous smart and specific ways we can show our commitment to Afghanistan. One is to state very clearly that our goal is to keep America and our allies safe. Further, we need to keep NATO committed to Afghanistan, and press international partners to provide their fair share of funding for Afghan security forces. And if President Trump is going to increase the U.S. troop presence, we should encourage NATO countries to step up their troop contributions as well.
We've worked hard in Afghanistan to make the world safer. It's time to build on our successes there — and give the terrorists no quarter.
Ed Feulner is president of The Heritage Foundation (www.heritage.org).
A man is facing several charges following a break and enter in North Battleford.
Battleford RCMP say they responded to a break and enter in progress shortly after midnight yesterday. The resident was home at the time and called police. Police say the suspect fled the scene once they realized someone was home.
The suspect was found in the alley carrying the stolen property and RCMP say when they approached them they took out a knife and began swinging it. The officers were able to talk the suspect into dropping the knife and no one was injured.
The suspect was then arrested and charged with possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, assault on a police officer with a weapon, breaking and entering with intent and possession of property obtained by crime.
If Lonzo Ball is to become the Los Angeles Lakers' next Jedi, he'll have to brush up on all things “Star Wars” first. The team blared the famous John Williams score over the speaker system during practice at Baruch College on Monday, ahead of Tuesday's game against the New York Knicks. But according to ESPN's Arash Markazi, Zo was confused about the lack of lyrics to the theme.
Lonzo: Is this a real song?
Shaw: It's the theme to Star Wars.
Lonzo: I know but there are no words?
Shaw: (Shakes their head.) pic.twitter.com/vObexuI9ZG — Arash Markazi (@ArashMarkazi) December 11, 2017
Lonzo won't have long to study up before “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” hits theaters on Thursday night. He'll probably be too busy preparing for their first trip at Madison Square Garden, followed by their first game against the Cleveland Cavaliers—featuring LeBron James, their favorite player growing up—on Thursday night.
Romania's constitutional court on Wednesday ruled in a 6-3 vote that President Klaus Iohannis is constitutionally obliged to sack the National Anti-Corruption Directorate (DNA) Chief Prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi.
The court said it would explain its ruling later, without saying when, issuing the following statement.
"The president has refused to issue the dismissal decree [...] which has blocked the justice minister from using their authority related to the prosecutors' activities," the court said in a statement. "The constitutional conduct that must be followed is for the president to issue the dismissal decree."
Hundreds of people protested near the government building in Bucharest after the ruling was announced.
Iohannis, from the center-right Union to Save Romania party, has resisted calls for them to sack Kovesi, a figure widely seen as taking on the corruption endemic to Romanian public life and touching several members of the ruling social democrats (PSD).
Read more: Romania's democracy in danger after Mihai Tudose resignation
The court had to decide whether the president was required by the constitution to implement the request of the justice minister, Tudorel Toader, to sack Kovesi. It said there had been an "institutional conflict" that needed resolving.
According to the constitution, only the president can dismiss the DNA chief.
Since their election victory in December 2016, the PSD and its junior, liberal, partner ALDE have sought to bring the judiciary under tighter executive control
Under Kovesi's leadership, the DNA investigated 60 top-ranking officials, including a prime minister and over 40 lawmakers and other wealthy Romanians over the past four years.
Liviu Dragnea, leader of the PSD, faces charges of alleged misconduct and Kovesi's office was preparing a case against him. They were given a two-year suspended sentence in 2016 for electoral fraud.
The PSD tried in early 2017 to decriminalize several corruption offenses by emergency decree but withdrew the bill after huge street protests.
Iohannis' reaction awaited
"Regardless of what the court decides, I will wait for the motivation, I will read it and act accordingly," Iohannis told reporters before the decision.
Iohannis has said that Toader's reasoning for wanting to remove Kovesi contained "weak arguments" and had defended Kovesi's work as a prosecutor.
The independent judicial watchdog has also expressed a positive opinion of Kovesi and the EU has praised them work.
The EU has a special mechanism monitoring Romania's justice system.
Government praises ruling
Toader praised the ruling, saying Iohannis did not have "the legal ability to evaluate the professional and management competences of high-ranking prosecutors."
In a February report calling for Kovesi's dismissal, Toader said they were "authoritarian," claimed that prosecutors had falsified evidence and said the number of acquittals was too high.
Senate President Calin Popescu-Tariceanum said on Wednesday that Kovesi "should have resigned a long time ago."
Opposition up in arms
The opposition party Union to Save Romania said the ruling was politically motivated and was designed to help the PSD. It said the government wants to replace Kovesi with someone more pliable.
The party said in a statement that the court's decision "deals a heavy blow to the court's credibility."
Tensions between Romania's center-right president and the center-left government reached a nadir in April when Iohannis called for the country's Prime Minister Viorica Dancila to resign.
Hundreds of Romanians have said they will attend a demonstration in Bucharest in support of Kovesi and to "defend democracy and justice," while about 108,000 people have signed an online petition calling on Iohannis not to dismiss Kovesi.
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
jbh/rc (AP, AFP, Reuters)
The Blacklist actor Megan Boone says they are fortunate to work with considerate men who drove a change in narrative of female led characters take the spotlight characters. In an interview with IANS ,the expressed their happiness over the changing nature of worlds view for women they further added i think that sometimes it would be hard for people to imagine what we go through in industry "It's very rewarding and they kind of approach me and seem very excited that they love the show and that never ever stops surprising me and making me happy to be a part of future projects
"The Blacklist" actor Megan Boone says they feel "fortunate" to work with considerate men who are willing to drive a change in the narrative and let female characters take the spotlight
“The Blacklist” actor Megan Boone says they feel “fortunate” to work with considerate men who are willing to drive a change in the narrative and let female characters take the spotlight.She has worked in a gender-balanced environment, but the American actor takes note of the movement led by women demanding equality and more power in Hollywood.In an India exclusive interview with IANS, the actor expressed their happiness over how the world is changing the lens through which they look at women.
“I feel there is a tremendous change (for women in showbiz) because the world of film is changing dramatically and I, fortunately, work with gentlemen and people who are extremely warm and are considerate,” Boone told IANS over email.”I think that sometimes it would be hard for people to know what we experience in the industry until these news stories started to come out — and once that was brought to light, the extraordinary co-workers with whom I had the good fortune to work with were able to acknowledge that they really wanted to honour the female characters and make them in a more authoritative and commanding situation,” added the actor, seen as FBI agent Elizabeth Keen in the hit show “The Blacklist”.
“Now, I see that the storyline is moving in a particular direction and, at the same time, the world is starting to acknowledge that they don't want to keep women under their thumb.”The Blacklist”, which airs in India on Star World, revolves around Boone's character who works with a criminal-turned-informant, Raymond Reddington (James Spader), to capture some of the world's most dangerous criminals.On the show, the 34-year-old said: “Well, I know for a fact and also admit that my career has been on ‘The Blacklist'. My professional life has been primarily dis-endeavoured.
“It's a unique project because we make around 22 hours of content a year as opposed to a film which is a little more than an hour. There is definitely a sense of competence and authority to work on at a fast pace which makes me feel that I am a processor working as Elizabeth Keen and, definitely, ‘The Blacklist' poses a lot of unique challenges — typically emotionally — that have stretched me as an actor and made it a very challenging and rewarding experience.”
Boone — known for acting gigs in “Law & Order: LA”, “My Bloody Valentine 3D” and “Step Up Revolution” — is enjoying their stint as the lead of the show, which has been lauded by critics and viewers.”I have enjoyed the experience of being the lead on a show and a part of a successful endeavour. I can't tell the future but I know that definitely opportunities will come my way, for which I am grateful.
“It's very rewarding and they kind of approach me and seem very excited that they love the show and that never ever stops surprising me and making me happy to be a part of.”As a future project, they are working to equip themselves to ensure they sustain for long in showbiz.”Well, I am currently getting a graduate degree in sustainability; so I would like to find ways to produce film and television projects for myself in a way that does not diminish the biosphere necessary for human life.”
NEW YORK (AP) — New York's Empire State Building will go dark to honor the victims of the deadly van attack in Toronto.
The lights atop the world famous tower in midtown Manhattan will darken on Tuesday night.
A van plowed into pedestrians on a Toronto sidewalk on Monday, killing 10 people and injuring 15 others.
The driver, 25-year-old Alek Minassian, has been charged with multiple counts of first-degree murder and attempted murder.
NEW DELHI (Taiwan News) -- Watercolor paintings of several Taiwanese artists are on display at an international exhibition being held at the India Fine Arts & Crafts Society (AIFACS) in New Delhi.
The show, which began on Saturday, was participated by artists from 50 countries. Organized by the International Watercolor Society (IWS), the exhibition displays more than 450 artworks. Some artists are giving live demonstrations of their works.
In the exhibition titled Second International Watercolor Society India Biennial 2017-18, its theme is 'Harmony Through Watercolor.' According to the organizers, it is aimed at giving the younger artists of the next generation from around the world a platform which will shape their future and enable Indian watercolor painters to exchange their ideas with painters of the rest of the world.
"Watercolor is a beautiful medium but it has not got its deserved place in the contemporary art world. We are trying and working continuously for a change. I have assured that this festival will be full of discussions, seminars, demonstrations so that we can all learn and exchange ideas," said Amit Kapoor, IWS Vice President and IWS India Country Head.
By Annie Reuter
The 2017 Teen Choice Awards were held on Sunday evening (Aug. 13) and one major name was missing: Miley Cyrus. The singer and actor shared their apologies with fans on Instagram that evening, explaining that while they had every intention of attending the awards show to accept their trophy for The Ultimate Choice Award, their schedule simply wouldn't allow them
Related: Miley Cyrus Announces Title, Release Date of New Album
“To my dearest fans & all of those watching @teenchoicefox ! I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my heart for presenting me with #TheUltimateChoiceAward!” Cyrus writes. “I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor! I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement!”
Then, with the grace of a veteran politician, Miley spun their apology into an act of self-promotion. “I've been tryin to keep the secret but I can't hide it any longer! My new single / music video #YoungerNow will be dropping this Friday, Aug 18th & I am sooooooo EXCITED to share it with all of you! I hope to always make people smile and shine light thru my work! I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen! I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THATS what we need most! Love Love & more LOVE!”
Cyrus wasn't the only celebrity who couldn't make it to the show. Bruno Mars accepted their Visionary Award from afar with a special video message.
JONESBORO, Ark. (AP) -- Deven Simms had 24 points to help Arkansas State hold off Georgia Southern for a 91-89 win in Sun Belt Conference action on Saturday night.
Arkansas State avenged its 80-49 loss on Georgia State's home floor in early January.
It came down to which team made the last free throw. The teams combined for 61 fouls. Ike Smith scored the final field goal of the night when they slammed home a dunk as the Eagles closed to 85-83 with 2:41 remaining.
Simms made their seventh and final free throw for a 90-87 lead with 16 seconds left.
Georgia Southern's Tookie Brown was fouled as their 3-point attempt with 3.1 left just missed. They missed the first free throw but made the next two to trail 90-89.
Ty Cockfield was fouled after catching the inbound pass. They made one free throw but missed the second. Brown's heave from deep behind the midcourt line was short.
Arkansas State (9-15, 4-7) made 30 of 44 free-throw attempts. Georgia Southern (16-8, 7-4) made 21 of 29.
Mike Hughes had 27 points for the Eagles.
More than half of aspiring first-time buyers are feeling positive about their chances of getting on the property ladder soon, a survey has found.
The biggest proportion of people surveyed, at 40.1%, described themselves as hopeful when asked about their ability to achieve their goal soon, while a further 16.9% said they were feeling confident - making a total of 57% who felt positive overall.
But the research, from conveyancing services provider My Home Move, also found more than a quarter (26.3%) of would-be first-time buyers felt unsure about their chances of getting on the property ladder.
A further one in 10 (10.1%) felt their hopes were unrealistic - while one in 16 (6.1%) said they felt "depressed" when asked about their prospects of owning their own home.
Some would-be property buyers are are also pinning their hopes on the "bank of mum and dad" to wholly fund their deposit.
Some 6.2% of people surveyed believed their parents would gift them enough money for a deposit, meaning they could apply for a mortgage without the need for further savings or support through a government scheme.
People surveyed in London were the most likely to be expecting to receive a gifted deposit that would be enough to secure them a mortgage, with 15.7% of people there believing this, compared with just 6.8% of aspiring homeowners in Yorkshire and Humberside.
Nearly three quarters (72%) of aspiring first-time buyers said they were saving for their deposits themselves.
The survey of 1,000 aspiring first-time buyers also found that, when they were growing up, people tended to say they had expected to be aged around 25 to 30 when they achieved the milestone of owning their own property.
Recent figures from the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML) show the average first-time buyer taking out a mortgage in February was 30 years old.
Doug Crawford, chief executive of My Home Move, said: "Of those we surveyed, over a quarter expected to be homeowners by the time they hit their mid-20s, but unfortunately the reality is very different."
They said the findings suggest there is a "missed generation" of would-be first-time buyers - aged in their 30s, 40s and beyond - who are still struggling to get on the property ladder.
Here are the percentages of would-be first-time buyers in regions across the UK who are hoping to be gifted a deposit without the need for additional savings, according to My Home Move:
:: London, 15.7%
:: East Midlands, 7.6%
:: East Anglia, 15.6%
:: North East, 9.4%
:: North West, 7.8%
:: South East, 10.2%
:: South West, 7.9%
:: Wales, 10%
:: West Midlands, 12%
:: Yorkshire and Humberside, 6.8%
:: Northern Ireland, 10.7%
:: Scotland, 8%
President Rodrigo Duterte's Chief Legal Counsel on Friday said they were mulling to question before the Supreme Court the investigation of the Ombudsman on the Chief Executive's alleged unexplained wealth.
Lawyer Salvador Panelo made the statement as they expressed worry that the Ombudsman's move would undermine the immunity from suit of an incumbent president.
Overall Deputy Ombudsman Melchor Arthur Carandang had said they have acted upon a complaint filed by Senator Antonio Trillanes IV on the alleged unexplained wealth of the President that supposedly amounts to billions.
ADVERTISEMENT
“My theory now is that the Ombudsman investigation currently of the President is unconstitutional even if there is a provision in the Ombudsman law that it has investigatory power because to my mind, it will circumvent the doctrine of immunity of a sitting President from suits,” they told reporters.
Panelo said they were reviewing Section 22 of Republic Act No. 6770 that said the Ombudsman would have powers to probe impeachable officials.
They said they had called Solicitor General Jose Calida to study the issue.
“Then, we should decide to file it [to the Supreme Court] or not. The President may not want it,” they said.
In an interview with radio dzMM, Panelo said they would question the legality of the Ombudsman's probe.
“I intend to file a petition with the Supreme Court questioning the constitutionality of that provision because it circumvents the doctrine of immunity of a sitting president,” they said.
They told reporters in Malacañang that the investigations against the President should be done after their term in office.
“Otherwise, the President will be tied, saddled with suits defending themselves like what he's doing now,” they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Duterte had earlier said they won't submit themselves to the Ombudsman's probe, saying they would file an impeachment case against Ombudsman Chair Conchita Carpio-Morales.
The President has accused Ombudsman officials of “selective justice” and corruption.
US National Security Advisor Herbert McMaster on Monday assured Pakistan that the Trump administration is committed to strengthening bilateral relations with the country.
McMaster, who arrived here early on Monday, made the remarks during their meeting with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
It was McMaster's first visit to Pakistan as the US National Security Advisor and the first formal high-level exchange between the US and Pakistan under the administration of President Donald Trump, the PM's office said.
“General McMaster conveyed the greetings of President Trump and assured the Prime Minister that the new administration was committed to strengthening bilateral relations and working with Pakistan to achieve peace and stability in Afghanistan and in the wider South Asian region,” said a statement of the office.
Sharing their concerns over the deteriorating security in Afghanistan and the continuing impasse, Sharif conveyed Pakistan's readiness to work with the international community to explore ways to solve the Afghan crisis, it said.
On relations with India, the Prime Minister reiterated their firm conviction on sustained dialogue and meaningful engagement as the only way forward to resolve all outstanding issues between India and Pakistan, including the Kashmir dispute.
The US advisor started the Pakistan visit after their first trip to Afghanistan where they met top Afghan leaders and assured them support of the Trump administration.
Earlier, they met and held talks with Pakistani Foreign Affairs advisor Sartaj Aziz on combating extremism and terrorism.
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall admits on @RadioCityTalk that claims on their website that they lost a close personal friend at Hillsborough are false pic.twitter.com/rjk8kTvgPI — Radio City News (@RadioCityNews) February 14, 2017
Paul Nuttall's press officer Lynda Roughley dives on the grenade and takes the rap for the incorrect Hillsborough website claim:
“I am entirely responsible for the website post regarding Paul's comments about having ‘close friends' who died at Hillsborough. Paul is a man of great integrity and would not say something they knew to be untrue. It's me who has made this mistake, and one I feel absolutely terrible about. I am frankly mortified at the distress this issue has caused Paul and may have caused to anyone involved with the Hillsborough tragedy. I have today offered my resignation, I could not be more sorry.”
Enough to stop it cutting through to voters?
Pillow# fight time in Justin Herman Plaza. A spontaneous event?.strangers expressing love for each other. #abc7now pic.twitter.com/xAlZeOsfVA — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) February 15, 2017
There was a mess Tuesday night in San Francisco--feathers everywhere in Justin Herman Plaza.Those feathers were mostly cleaned up after 11 p.m., but weren't a product of any natural migration. Though predictable, what we witnessed was either a horrible spectacle or else something very primal.In the rush to get home a bell tolls for Saint Valentine's night in San Francisco. Lovers are bearing flowers. Happy couples stroll hand in hand and in some cases, bold imitations of future pillow talk.What kind of pillow talk is this?Who said what? How did it go so horribly wrong?It's time and again for the most distressing of San Francisco traditions--the Valentine's Night spontaneous pillow fight. It's clearly so sad, so sad that people have to resort to this."I just love the feeling of being hit with everyone and hitting," said Rob Singh."This is my husband and we are fighting each other, yeah yeah," said their wife Neha. It would appear they were self-counseling."I can take out all my aggression right now," Singh continued."It's an arranged marriage," said Neha. Apparently, the pillow fighting is what came of it.Maybe it's best to leave them alone. Even the authorities kept their distance. Pillow talk, after all, should be a private matter.
They added that wearing the Yankees uniform in their old Brooklyn neighborhood, “to me it was like being a martyr: I'm not gonna give up my religion. You're not gonna change me.”
They carried that through their career. They celebrated Yankees victories at City Hall, their own image blown up banner-size to hang next to those of the players and coaches. The Times, during the 2000 Subway Series with the Mets, described Mr. Giuliani as the team's mascot, akin to Mr. Met: “The mascot for the Yankees wears a Yankees warm-up jacket and has a somewhat smaller head; their name is Mister Giuliani.”
They have bejeweled championship rings from the Yankees' run of World Series wins during their term, prized possessions that brought scrutiny during their failed 2008 presidential bid. They worked on paving the way for a new stadium in the Bronx, negotiating into the waning days of their second and final term.
At Monday's game, Mr. Giuliani was given a cake by Randy L. Levine, who was Mr. Giuliani's deputy mayor for economic development and is now the president of the Yankees. “‘Happy Birthday Rudy,'” they recalled it saying. “I think it was chocolate.”
Mr. Levine told their former boss that their name would be mentioned midgame along with other fans celebrating birthdays.
“He didn't ask for it,” Mr. Levine said.
Then came the boos.
“Honestly, if you were at the stadium and you were in the moment, there were just as many cheers as there were boos,” Mr. Levine suggested. “You could hear the boos more because they're louder than the cheers.”
Mr. Giuliani, who was with friends and family, apparently laughed it off.
“He was with Andrew, and actually I think they videotaped it on their phones,” Mr. Levine said, speaking of Mr. Giuliani's son, who works in the White House. “When it came up, they laughed. Because a true baseball fan knows what happens. I think Rudy has been in a lot more difficult situations than Yankee Stadium.”
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, i...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer, told The Associated Press. "Joey said, 'look at my plates' and Carmen said 'look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than they consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," they said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This undated picture provided on Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, by the Albanian National Coastline Agency shows a shipwreck discovered by the RPM's Hercules research vessel in Ionian Sea, Albania. The country is promoting the archaeological finds in the waters off its southwest coast to raise public interest and to attract attention of decision-makers who can help preserve the discoveries. The Albanian National Coastline Agency opened an exhibition on Monday, Feb. 13 of 30 pictures showing underwater finds of potential archaeological significance from the last decade. (The Albanian National Coastline Agency via AP)
TIRANA, Albania (AP) — Albania is promoting the archaeological finds in the waters off its southwest coast to raise public interest and to attract attention of decision-makers who can help preserve the discoveries.
The Albanian National Coastline Agency opened an exhibit Monday of 30 photographs showing underwater finds of potential archaeological significance from the last decade.
The nonprofit RPM Nautical Foundation has mapped about one-third of Albania's coast so far, from Saranda, near Greece's Corfu island, to Vlora. National coastline agency head Auron Tare says the scan found 38 shipwrecks in the Ionian Sea, six of them more than 2,000 year old.
Tare said the ships and other objects "show ancient Illyria (Albania's predecessor) was a commercial pass rather than a pirates' place," Tare said.
They say the archaeological wealth of Albania's 220-mile coastline needs more legal protections and better care to make it a popular tourist destination. The country does not have a scuba diving industry, but that could change if the findings are promoted properly, Tare said.
"We have a lot of such archaeological underwater heritage but, so far, we have not known how to keep, preserve and use them," they said.
The exhibition includes photos of amphorae — two-handled storage pots and jars used for wine or oil in ancient Greece — and other items encrusted with tiny shells.
The wreckage from ships are thought to represent a much longer time period, from the 6th and 5th centuries B.C. and the Austrian-Hungarian Empire during World War I, to British or Italian navy vessels from World War II.
During the communist regime that ruled Albania until 1990, the army's control of the coastline deterred smugglers who might have been tempted to disturb submerged artifacts. Many items since have been stolen.
The nautical archaeology department at the Albanian Institute of Archaeology started collaborating 10 years ago with the RPM Nautical Foundation, which is based in Key West, Florida, to scan the ocean floor and remaining relics.
Neritan Ceka, a veteran archaeologist involved in the maritime discoveries, said the foundation's research vessel discovered "a wealth of untouched finds."
"That great archaeological wealth should be shown to the local population to preserve it and worldwide due to its research importance," Ceka said.
Getty Image
With all due respect to the many fantastic community outreach campaigns that professional sports leagues like the NFL, NHL, MLB, and MLS perform on a regular basis, it often feels like the NBA goes above and beyond in this regard. They put many of their programs, whether it's the NBA Cares program, or Basketball Without Borders, or the hundreds of different campaigns set up and run by the players themselves, at the forefront of everything else they do. The NBA steps up, every single time.
It's no surprise that the NBA is jumping in to do their part for those affected by the horrific Vegas shooting on October 1st. It has already been dubbed as the deadliest event in modern U.S. history. Vegas can use all the help they can get. If you're looking for a reputable place to donate, we've compiled a list of places where your donations can help most.
In a joint press release, the Lakers, Kings, T-Mobile Arena, AEG, and MGM Resorts International announced that they will donate all proceeds from Sunday night's preseason game in Las Vegas to aid those affected by the October 1 incident. The Lakers vs. Kings preseason game is a bit a tradition around these parts, with fans from both Sacramento and the L.A. area making the trip over to Vegas to watch their respective teams play.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico's governmental human rights agency says municipal police were complicit in at least 38 abductions and killings in the town of Allende in northern Coahuila state, near the U.S. border.
The National Human Rights Commission issued a recommendation Monday calling on authorities to make amends to the victims' families and ensure they could return to Allende.
The commission said the Zetas drug cartel carried out the killings "with the authorization, support or acquiescence" of local police.
From March 18-20 of 2011, the Zetas sent gunmen and local police to round up everyone who shared a certain last name in the town. They were punishing someone they believed had betrayed them.
The precise number of people who disappeared is unknown, but estimates vary from a few dozen to several hundred.
NEW YORK (AP) — Jordan Eberle and Brock Nelson scored early in the third period and Jaroslav Halak made 46 saves as the New York Islanders rallied for a 4-3 win over the Columbus Blue Jackets on Saturday night.
Columbus led 3-2 heading into the third after Nick Foligno scored on a breakaway late in the second. The Blue Jackets outshot the Islanders 26-12 in the first period and 40-28 through 40 minutes, dominating the game for significant stretches.
However, Eberle tied it 3-3 with their 18th goal at 2:49 of the third when they corralled a loose puck at the top of the slot and whipped it past backup Columbus goalile Joonas Korpisalo.
Nelson then managed to redirect a rebound past Korpisalo at 5:14 for their 11th of the season and only their second goal since Dec. 7. Andrew Ladd and Ryan Pulock had assists on the goal two seconds after a penalty to Columbus rookie forward Pierre-Luc Dubois had expired.
Nick Leddy and Josh Bailey also scored for the Islanders, who won for the first time in three games since the All-Star break. They lost the first two by combined 9-1 margin against Florida and Toronto.
Josh Anderson and Cam Atkinson also scored for Columbus, which has lost six of its last eight. Korpisalo finished with 34 saves.
Late in the second, Foligno swooped down on Halak after Oliver Bjorkstrand sent them a perfect pass from the defensive zone and slid a backhand along the ice past Halak with 1:57 left for their 10th goal of the season.
Bailey had put the Islanders up 2-1 at 11:14 of the second with their 13th goal.
Atkinson quickly tied it at 12:36 when they rifled the puck by Halak after linemate Artemi Panarin intercepted the puck from Islanders defenseman Scott Mayfield. Panarin, acquired from Chicago last June, leads the Blue Jackets in assists with 29 and points with 42.
Atkinson's eighth goal of the season extended their points streak to four games.
Anderson opened the scoring for Columbus at 6:12 of the first period with their 16th of the season on the power play. Dubois and Jussi Jokinen had assists on the first career power-play goal for the 23-year-old Anderson who has 34 career goals.
Leddy's point shot with 2:22 left in the first eluded Korpisalo to knot the score at 1. John Tavares and Mathew Barzal recorded assists on Leddy's seventh goal and their first in 30 games. Leddy's previous tally came Nov. 24 against Philadelphia.
NOTES: The Islanders are 12-1-0 on Saturdays. … The Islanders scratched forwards Alan Quine and Ross Johnston plus defenseman Sebastian Aho. … Columbus scratched forward Markus Hannikainen and defensemen Scott Harrington and Cameron Gaunce.
UP NEXT
Islanders: Host Nashville on Monday night.
Blue Jackets: Host Washington on Tuesday night.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Christian and Amorette chat to one of the members of the French band Juniore, coming to Australia in January to perform in next year's So Frenchy So Chic festival.
Now Playing: Samsung announces rugged version of the Galaxy S8
Now Playing: Amazon issues refunds for potentially-phony eclipse glasses
Now Playing: Restaurants are now hiring people to make their food more Instagrammable
Now Playing: New estimate claims a quarter of Microsoft laptops break within 2 years
Now Playing: Amazon plans to distribute event tickets in the US
Now Playing: Facebook unveils 'Watch' video tab
Now Playing: New security warning of chips falling out of credit cards
Now Playing: Google fires employee behind controversial anti-diversity memo
Now Playing: Consumer alert: How to stay safe selling goods on apps
Now Playing: Robots could be flying planes by 2025
Now Playing: Tinder couple whose 3 years of messages went viral enjoys first date in Hawaii
Now Playing: iPhone 8 could replace touch ID with facial recognition
Now Playing: GrubHub buys rival Eat24 from Yelp for $288 million
Now Playing: Adults riding in rear seat of car less likely to use seat belts: Survey
Now Playing: Is social media causing depression in teens?
Now Playing: Glitter iPhone cases recalled after causing burns
Now Playing: MixBin Electronics recalls mobile phone cases
Now Playing: Mobile phone battery sparks fire midflight
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 Florida 69 35 27 7 77 210 216 Montreal 72 26 34 12 64 182 230 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 Minnesota 72 41 24 7 89 224 206 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 Los Angeles 72 39 27 6 84 207 181 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
Watch: Muslim enclaves spread across America Muslim camps across America breed hate and endanger American lives. Contact Editor Arutz Sheva Staff,
Aaed Tayeh/Flash 90 Hamas terrorist summer camp
It's no secret men outnumber women in the engineering industry.
“You automatically feel like you have something to prove,” said Jaime Glas.
Glas, a petroleum engineer, also knows the uncomfortable feeling of walking into a room of professionals wearing flame resistant clothes that don't fit.
“The women feel it, but the men recognize it,” Glas explained. “I could talk to any man and say, 'Isn't it crazy that this stuff doesn't fit us?' and they're like, 'Yeah.'”
Glas says they first noticed an issue with the jumpsuits as a student at LSU while interning with an engineering company in California.
“I got there the first day like normal and they handed me this potato sack that just fell off of me,” Glas said. “It was so big, and I was like, 'Am I supposed to wear this outside?'”
Glas says at the time, it was normal in the engineering industry to wear clothes that weren't designed with females in mind. But Glas had bigger plans. They entered the workforce in 2012 as a production engineer, yet again wearing a baggy garment.
“It was embarrassing really and at the time, there had been some advancements in design in fitting better, but mostly for men,” Glas said. “Sometimes people don't change what isn't completely broken if it's working.”
You've heard necessity is the mother of all invention, so while Glas worked in the field during the day, they were busy at night researching safe, fire resistant clothing for women. “That's when I really started thinking there's a need for this. No one has paid attention to it yet, so I'm going to do it,” they said.
“When this came about, the light bulb went off and it just felt so right and so perfect,” Glas said. “It was marrying something I was interested in and something that was career oriented.”
They tested products at a trade show in June of 2017 and after five years as an engineer, called it quits to focus on their idea. “People were responding to this and accepting and supportive of this," they recalled. "I need to focus my full attention if it's going to go anywhere and help women everywhere,” Glas said.
Only five months into production, HauteWork, formally known as Hot Stuff SafetyWear, has sold around 300 garments and reached people beyond the oil and gas industry.
Glas is quick to point out the purpose of the clothing line, which also features t-shirts, overalls, and steel toed shoes, isn't to draw attention to women in the workplace, but help them blend in.
“I think when you feel good in what you're wearing, you do a better job at work,” Glas said. “You feel more confident, so that's what it's all about.”
All products, according to Glas, are certified by the Underwriters Lab to NFPA 2112 and 703 standards.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Close aide to Kim Jong-un arrives in Washington for highest-level official North Korean visit to the U.S. in 18 years.
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Wednesday night had dinner in New York with a senior North Korean official, marking the highest-level official North Korean visit to the United States in 18 years.
The Associated Press reported that Kim Yong Chol, the former military intelligence chief and one of the closest aides of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, landed midafternoon on an Air China flight from Beijing.
During their unusual visit, Kim Yong Chol had dinner for about an hour-and-a-half with Pompeo, who traveled from Washington to see him, according to the report. The two planned a “day full of meetings” Thursday, the White House said.
Before the meeting, Pompeo tweeted that they were looking forward to meeting the North Korean official, adding, “We are committed to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.”
The meeting comes amid preparations for a summit between President Donald Trump and Kim, which appears to be back on schedule for June 12 in Singapore just days after Trump announced they were canceling it.
The American president said on Friday the summit could go ahead as planned following a more appeasing statement from Pyongyang and productive talks with North Korean officials.
As Kim and Pompeo were meeting in New York, other U.S. teams were meeting with North Korean officials in Singapore and in the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone, noted AP.
“If it happens, we'll certainly be ready,” White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said of the Singapore summit. Regarding the date for the meeting, they added, “We're going to continue to shoot for June 12th.”
The state worker who sent an alert about an inbound ballistic missile to all Hawaii phones last month says they honestly thought the islands were under threat and was just trying to save lives.
The state worker who sent an alert about an inbound ballistic missile to all Hawaii phones last month says they honestly thought the islands were under threat and was just trying to save lives.
Hawaii 'button pusher' says they were '100% sure' missile threat was real
Hawaii 'button pusher' says they were '100% sure' missile threat was real
By JENNIFER SINCO KELLEHER
Associated Press
HONOLULU (AP) - A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was "100 percent sure" at the time that the attack was real.
The man in their 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that they not be identified because they fear for their safety after receiving threats.
They say an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word "exercise" repeated several times.
"Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it," they said. "I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow."
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, they said: "It's been hell for me the last couple weeks."
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired them after the incident.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that they had problems performing their job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
Their supervisors counseled them but kept them for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying they aren't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, they said.
"When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message," they said.
The man said they didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, "exercise, exercise, exercise."
"I heard the part, 'this is not a drill,'" they said. "I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers."
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
"The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have," retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that they stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
The incident "shines a light" on the state's system failures, the man who sent the alert said, adding that they believe the federal government should handle such alerts.
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing, they said. "As far as our level of training was concerned, I think it was inadequate," they said.
Hawaii state Department of Defense spokesperson Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said.
Officials said the man refused to cooperate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement. They aren't trying to impede any investigations, they said: "There really wasn't anything else to say."
___
This story has been corrected to say a co-worker took the call, not the man who sent the alert.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(TBI) A year-long investigation by Special Agents with the Drug Investigation Division of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation and multiple other state and local agencies has resulted in the arrest of a Knox County doctor, who is charged with obtaining prescriptions by fraud.
Working with investigators with the Tennessee Department of Health, the Morristown Police Department and the offices of the District Attorneys General from the 3rd, 4th and 6th Judicial Districts, TBI Agents began investigating Dr. Alfred Jackson, Jr., in September, 2016. During the course of the investigation, Agents developed information that Jackson was responsible for fraudulently obtaining prescriptions in Knox County.
On Wednesday, the Knox County Grand Jury returned indictments, charging 40-year-old Alfred Vaughn Jackson, Jr. with 10 counts of Obtaining Prescriptions by Fraud.
Jackson turned themselves in to authorities on Friday, and was booked into the Knox County Jail on a $25,000 bond. This investigation remains ongoing.
MILAN (AP) — Roma was the only one of the top-five Serie A clubs to make a major signing as the Italian transfer window closed on Wednesday, with the capital club bringing in Argentina left back Jonathan Silva on loan from Sporting Lisbon.
Silva joined Sporting from their hometown club Estudiantes de la Plata in 2014, although they spent last season back in Argentina at Boca Juniors.
"He is a young player who has already demonstrated their personality and technical ability, attributes that have enabled them to play for a top club like Sporting," Roma sporting director Monchi said.
The 23-year-old Silva made 10 appearances in all competitions for Sporting this season and 43 in total. They also played in both Champions League matches against Juventus in the group stage.
Silva replaced Brazilian defender Emerson Palmieri, who moved to Chelsea on Tuesday in a deal worth up to 29 million euros ($36 million).
Another player to leave Serie A was Japan and Inter Milan defender Yuto Nagatomo, who joined Galatasaray on loan.
Nagatomo made 210 appearances for Inter in seven seasons at the club, helping it to win the Italian Cup in 2011, but the 31-year-old started just nine Serie A matches this campaign.
They join Galatasaray until the end of the season, having played more than 100 times for Japan.
Roma is fifth in Serie A, 16 points behind leader Napoli. None of the teams above it made any significant signings on deadline day.
Napoli sent midfielder Emanuele Giaccherini out on loan to Chievo Verona. The former Sunderland player started just one league match in 18 months at the club and lost their place in the Italy squad.
Meanwhile, two swap deals were agreed. Sampdoria signed goalkeeper Vid Belec inititally on loan from Benevento, with Christian Puggioni moving the other way on a permanent basis. Fiorentina sent Khouma Babacar to Sassuolo, on loan with the obligation to buy, and brought in Diego Falcinelli on loan with the option to make the move permanent.
Former Italy forward Giampaolo Pazzini left Verona to move to Spanish side Levante on loan.
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals, leading the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 2-1 victory over the Chicago Cubs 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Musgrove (2-0) helped end the Pirates' four-game losing streak by overcoming a shaky first inning to allow one run on seven hits and four walks. They also had five strikeouts, five days after pitching seven scoreless innings against the St. Louis Cardinals to win their Pirates' debut.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
Umpire crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
The Pirates were angered Monday when Anthony Rizzo's slide upended catcher Elias Diaz at home plate, successfully breaking up a potential double play in the eighth inning of Chicago's 7-0 win.
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz. However, Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz's right leg.
Musgrove began the season on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder. They were acquired with three other players from the Houston Astros in an offseason trade for Gerrit Cole.
They outpitched Kyle Hendricks (4-4), who surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings while striking out one and walking one. The Cubs' three-game winning streak was snapped.
Josh Harrison hit the sixth leadoff home run of their career in the bottom of the first inning and Gregory Polanco put the Pirates ahead 2-1 in the second with a sacrifice fly that scored Corey Dickerson, who led off with a triple. Polanco went 0 for 3 and is hitless in their last 21 at-bats.
Albert Almora Jr. led off the game with a double and scored on Baez's single as the Cubs took a quick 1-0 lead. However, Musgrove struck out Kyle Schwarber and Addison Russell to escape a bases-loaded jam and Chicago wound up stranding 11 runners.
Felipe Vazquez pitched a scoreless ninth, getting Kris Bryant to hit a game-ending groundout with two men on, for their 10th save in 13 opportunities. The left-hander blew each of their three previous chances.
Pittsburgh's Colin Moran and Chicago's Jason Heyward had three hits apiece.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: RHP Yu Darvish was found to have inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage after undergoing an MRI. Signed to a $126-million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, Darvish last pitched May 20. . RHP Carl Edwards Jr. (right shoulder inflammation) was placed on the 10-day disabled list and RHP Cory Mazzoni was recalled from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt pain after pitching one scoreless inning in Tuesday night's win over the Pirates. Mazzoni got two outs in a scoreless inning.
Pirates: C Francisco Cervelli returned to the lineup after missing three games with flu-like symptoms and was 0 for 4. . RHP Ivan Nova (sprained right ring finger) will miss their second straight start Sunday at St. Louis and either pitch a simulated game or make a minor league rehab start before being activated from the DL. . LHP Enny Romero (left shoulder impingement) has started throwing off the slope of the mound at extended spring training in Bradenton, Florida.
UP NEXT
Cubs: LHP Jose Quintana (5-4, 4.78 ERA) will start against Mets RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48) in the opener of a four-game series at New York. Quintana has a 3.18 ERA in five road starts, compared to a 6.66 mark in five home starts.
Pirates: RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43) will face Cardinals RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15) in the first game of a four-game series at St. Louis. Since winning their first three starts this season, Williams is 2-3 with a 4.14 ERA in eight starts.
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Today is Valentine's day an annual holiday to express our love!
Valentine's day is seen as a romantic time for couples to share but whether or not you are dating or married, kids say it's a holiday for everyone.
By Abby Hassler
Wiz Khalifa dropped the music video for their latest track “Something New” today (August 14). The track features Ty Dolla $ign, but the video features a few more friends.
Related: Wiz Khalifa's ‘See You Again' Royalties Up for Auction
The star-studded music video features cameos from Demi Lovato, Jamie Foxx, Jason Derulo, O.T. Genasis, Juicy J, Lil Dicky, G-Eazy, Chuck Liddell and Todd Gurley.
This track is the first single from Khalifa's upcoming studio album, which is due out sometime this fall.
Watch the explicit clip now on Radio.com.
Andhra Pradesh's ruling Telugu Desam Party (TDP) on Thursday suspended Legislative Council member G. Deepak Reddy, who was arrested last week for their alleged involvement in a land scam.
Taking a serious note of the allegations against Reddy, TDP national president and Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu suspended the MLC, a close relative of TDP MP J.C. Diwakar Reddy.
According to party sources, Naidu conveyed to party leaders and ministers during a meeting of TDP coordination committee that those facing allegations of corruption had no place in the party.
Naidu made it clear that there was no question of tolerating anybody bringing bad name to the party.
Last week, Hyderabad police arrested Reddy and their two associates for their alleged involvement in fraudulent land transactions. The city court sent them to jail for two weeks.
The MLC and their associates were allegedly involved in encroachment of land worth over Rs 160 crore in Asifnagar and Banjara Hills areas in the city.
Reddy is the second MLC suspended by the party following corruption charges in less than a month.
Last month, Vakati Narayana Reddy was suspended following a cheating and loan default case registered against them and their firm by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
The CBI had conducted searches at the MLC's house in Nellore town and also at their office VNR Infrastructures in Hyderabad and Bengaluru.
The agency has registered a case against them and their firm for obtaining a loan of Rs 190 crore from IFCI using “fabricated” documents and later defaulting on repayment.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Jordi De Jong, 13, from Malvern, Pa., spells "transude" incorrectly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Adom Appiah, 14, from Spartanburg, S.C., spells "frustraneous" incorrectly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Lyla Heising, 13, from Wauseon, Ohio, walks offstage after incorrectly spelling "finial' during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Saisurya Lakkimsetti, 9, from Tulsa, Okla., spells "bonspiel" correctly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
By BEN NUCKOLS
Associated Press
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) - For 15 years, the Rev. Brian Sietsema sat quietly next to Scripps National Spelling Bee pronouncer Jacques Bailly, just in case the indefatigable Bailly was somehow unable to fulfill their duties.
Bailly never missed a word.
But this year, the bee nearly doubled in size thanks to a new wild-card program, and Bailly knew they could wreck their voice if they didn't take some breaks over three full days of spelling.
"I could run myself into the ground doing this, because I just love doing it," Bailly said. "I don't really want to take a break, but ... I've got to do some pacing."
That meant Sietsema, the bee's longtime associate pronouncer, handled Bailly's duties Wednesday for two of the five groups of spellers - about 180 kids total.
"It was very exciting," Sietsema said. "It was a thrill."
Sietsema, a Greek Orthodox priest from Lansing, Michigan, cuts a striking figure among bee officials with their dark suit and white collar. Despite their religious vocation, they have a resume that suits the bee. A former linguistics professor, they worked for years as the pronunciation editor for Merriam-Webster.
Like Bailly, a classics professor and a former Scripps bee champion, Sietsema derives tremendous satisfaction from working with young spellers.
"It's wonderful to be part of a program that rewards young people who focus on scholastic and educational endeavors," Sietsema said. "To see their enthusiasm about literacy, about linguistics, just feeds my soul in a way that I can't quite describe."
More than 500 spellers tested their skill in front of Bailly and Sietsema over two days of preliminary rounds, and nearly 200 misspelled words onstage. The 41 semifinalists were determined by results of a written spelling and vocabulary test.
One of the top scorers was 12-year-old Shruthika Padhy of Cherry Hill, New Jersey, who finished seventh in last year's bee and is considered one of the favorites this year. But even they got a few answers wrong.
"We thought it was an easy test," bee director Paige Kimble said. "We were wrong."
Here are some other stories from spellers at this year's bee:
STRETCHED THIN
Some spellers devote years to studying the dictionary, word roots and language patterns. Then there's Rebekah Zeigler.
The 13-year-old from Polo, Illinois, is certainly an accomplished speller. She's competing for the fourth time, although she's never made the finals.
That may be because they also compete in tumbling, volleyball, soccer, softball, basketball, cheerleading and track and field. Next month she'll be at the U.S. Trampoline and Tumbling Association national championships.
"I don't have a lot of free time," Rebekah said.
Rebekah got some of the loudest cheers in the preliminary rounds, mostly from a crew of fellow veteran spellers.
Rebekah had never gotten past the second round of onstage spelling, known as Round 3, because a written test constitutes the first round. But they spelled "yarrow" correctly and achieved their goal for the week, adding, "I was really nervous and dreading it all week."
UNUSUAL REPRIEVE
Reagan Remmers of Missoula, Montana, was heading out to lunch with their mom after they misspelled "balaclava."
Or so they thought.
"My mom got a phone call that told them I was reinstated," Reagan said. "I was like, 'Oh, sweet!'"
Turns out, the spelling Reagan gave - "Balaklava" - is a city in Ukraine. Since the judges didn't warn them that their word had a homonym and because Reagan didn't ask for the definition - a garment covering the head and neck except for parts of the face - their spelling was deemed correct after further review.
"I had no idea what the word meant," Reagan said.
Still, their spelling wasn't a complete guess. They asked for the language of origin and was told it was Crimean, which led them to include a "k'' instead of a "c."
This was just the fifth time in 20 years that a speller was reinstated after judges had determined they or they misspelled a word, Kimble said.
DEAD AIR
Considering how far they had to travel to get to the bee, Daniel Doudna can be forgiven for taking their time at the microphone.
Daniel lives in Fairbanks, Alaska, one of three spellers from the state. But the 4,100-mile (6,600-kilometer) trip to Washington is nothing new for the 14-year-old: This is their second time in the bee, and two of their older sisters also competed.
When Daniel starts spelling, he's more deliberate than most, pausing after each letter and letting silence hang in the air. Their word on Wednesday was "quietude," and they created some.
"I made too many mistakes by going fast," they said. "After each letter, I mentally review the word to see what the next letter is."
___
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https://twitter.com/APBenNuckols
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Getty Image
2016-17 Record: 49-33 (4th in East)
Players Added: Carrick Felix (FA), Tim Frazier (Trade with NOP), Jodie Meeks (FA), Devin Robinson (FA), Mike Scott (FA), Donald Sloan (FA), Michael Young (FA)
Players Lost: Bojan Bogdanovic (FA), Trey Burke (FA), Brandon Jennings (FA)
Projected Team MVP: John Wall
John Wall is very, very good at basketball. The former No. 1 pick “broke out” at the age of 26 a year ago, averaging 23.1 points, 10.7 assists and 4.2 rebounds in what was their best individual season as a professional. The 6'4 point guard isn't a flawless player in that there are still real questions about their long-range shooting (32.7 percent from three a season ago) but Wall's ability to facilitate and create for others at the point of attack is elite and they have improved vastly as an individual scorer.
On the defensive end, Wall sneakily wasn't as good a season ago as they had been previously and much of that can likely be attributed to a massive offensive workload. Those defensive issues were on display when they allowed Atlanta's Dennis Schröder free reign in a first round playoff series but, when engaged, Wall can be a game-changer given their length and burst and they actually averaged a career-best in steals (2.0 per game) last season.
Is there any reason to see Wall dropping off? Probably not, at least for this season. They just turned 27 years old and, while there is plenty of mileage on their body, Wall's athletic gifts and feel for the game should be able to translate into off-the-charts production once again. There is no reason to doubt, especially after this offseason, they are one of the best players in the Eastern Conference today.
WASHINGTON COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – Washington County Sheriff's Office officials confirmed they have arrested two men after they received reports of shootings at businesses and homes in Johnson City.
WCSO Lt. Edwin Graybeal said the sheriff's office received a call around 4:45 p.m. from the Indian Ridge Road area of Johnson City and in the county, saying people were possibly shooting a gun or a slingshot with ball bearings at cars, businesses and homes.
Johnson City Police Department Sgt. Mike Adams said the police department received their first report related to the incident just before 3:45 p.m., after a vehicle was hit by a shot in the Earth Fare parking lot.
Adams told us while reports are still coming in at this time, at least 11 to 14 calls have come in about windows being shot out, and mostly in vehicles.
A faculty member was hit over at East Tennessee State University at the corner of State of Franklin and Gilbreath, but was not injured, according to ETSU spokesperson Joe Smith.
Both Johnson City Police Department officers and sheriff's office deputies were put on the lookout for the vehicle, which was later located by a WCSO K-9 unit on Indian Ridge Road near the entrance of the South Fork Ranch neighborhood.
Graybeal said the two men — Joseph Dechristina, 22, of Knoxville, and Dakotah Shell, 26, of Afton, admitted to shooting a slingshot.
The slingshot and medium-sized ball bearings were found inside the vehicle. A large amount of marijuana-laced chocolate was also found.
Both men were taken into custody and charged with reckless endangerment and possession of a schedule VI drugs for resale. More charges are pending.
Adams said the police department is preparing several warrants at this time related to the incident.
According to Graybeal, the sheriff's office received report of private businesses being shot at and the JCPD had reports of businesses being shot at.
Adams said businesses that filed reports related to the incident include VisionWorks off of Browns Mill Road; Dr. Brit Bowers office, 801 Sunset Drive, Suite 3; Hillcrest Drug Store, 714 W. Market St.; Bear N Friends, 2519 N. Roan St; Chick-fil-A on Peoples Street; and the Tennessee Highway Patrol located on John Exum Parkway.
No injuries have been reported at this time.
Graybeal said the incident is still under investigation and said a motive is unclear at this time.
JCPD, as well as East Tennessee State University's Department of Public Safety are conducting their own investigations.
We'll have an updated report tonight at 11 p.m.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Hamilton police are investigating after multiple shots were fired in a quiet Ancaster neighbourhood on Sunday.
Officers were called to Oneida Blvd. between Seneca Ave. and Algonquin Ave. just after 6:30 p.m. after receiving reports of gunfire in the area.
“We did hear some pops. They went slowly at first ‘bang, bang' then went ‘bang, bang, bang, bang',” said a neighbour who says they saw a car speeding away.
Police say two vehicles were seen fleeing the area. One vehicle was located but police are still looking for a dark grey or black Ford F150 pick-up truck.
Investigators say the male driver of the pick-up is white, with a heavy build and a shaved or bald head. The female passenger is a white with a blonde ponytail.
Police believe the shooting was sparked by an incident between the occupants of the two vehicles and did not have anything to do with residents in the area.
No injuries were reported and police are asking anyone with information about the shooting to contact detectives at 905-546-4930.
Pop TV
Hello, and welcome to weekly Impact Wrestling coverage on With Spandex. And also welcome to me, LaToya Ferguson, your recapper and friend. You know what doesn't make weekly Impact Wrestling coverage easier? Coming down with the flu and watching this show in (more of) a state of delirium. But that's what you're getting here!
Now for some good housekeeping: You can follow me on Twitter here, With Spandex here, and Uproxx here. And don't forget to watch Impact Wrestling on Pop at 8 pm on Thursdays so you can read these pieces and share them with the online world.
Previously: Texano and James Storm had a “we're not so different, you and I” match. Also, I'm pretty sure Alberto El Patron tried to murder Johnny Impact in their match. Oh, and Impact Wrestling doesn't know which Knockouts are which.
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) — As deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial continue into a fourth day Thursday, nerves are frayed, patience is shot and no one is certain when it will all end.
Some jurors appeared angry, the judge sounded exasperated and accuser Andrea Constand's mother broke down in tears Wednesday.
The sequestered jury has been at it for more than 27 hours since getting the case Monday, pausing a half-dozen times to revisit key evidence, including Cosby's decade-old admissions that they fondled Constand after giving them pills.
Judge Steven O'Neill seemed vexed at times as the court staff struggled to answer the jury's requests. One batch of requested testimony hadn't even been transcribed yet.
But when jurors asked to stop for the day Wednesday night, O'Neill was effusive with praise — encouraging their diligence as they weigh charges that could put the 79-year-old Cosby in prison for the rest of their life.
"This is an incredible jury that has just acted with incredible dignity and fidelity," O'Neill said. "I don't have any higher praise. You have taken your task so seriously."
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Each carries a maximum 10-year prison term, though the counts could be merged at sentencing if they are convicted.
The case has already helped demolish their nice-guy reputation as America's Dad.
Cosby has wavered between stoic and smiling as they await their fate, but gave a brief thumbs-up as jurors listened to a court reporter reread their January 2005 police interview.
In it, they claimed Constand showed no ill effects from the 1 1/2 Benadryl pills they gave them to help them relax, and that they never objected to their behavior during the 2004 encounter at their suburban Philadelphia home.
Constand testified last week that they were paralyzed by the pills and unable to fight Cosby off. Them mother, Gianna Constand, pulled a cloth from their pocket to wipe away tears Wednesday as they listened to the testimony.
Cosby's lawyers maintain Constand was a willing sexual partner.
Some jurors closed their eyes and tilted their heads down as they listened to the police interview. One slunk down in their seat, looking angry.
"Can you find 12 people who will agree? That's the question," said criminal lawyer Alan J. Tauber, who wasn't involved in the case.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
A Wet Afternoon
by Elissia Wilson
Rest of Today: Showers and thunderstorms with highs in the low to mid 90s.
Tonight: A chance of showers early then mostly cloudy with lows in the mid 70s.
Tuesday: Showers and thunderstorms with highs in the lower 90s.
Wednesday: A chance of scattered showers and thunderstorms otherwise partly cloudy with a high near 94°.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The fourth nor'easter in three weeks is set to smack the East Coast on the first day of spring.
The bulk of the dangerous, wind-driven snow and sleet is expected to wallop New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware and parts of eastern Pennsylvania before heading off to Nantucket early Thursday, the National Weather Service said.
Sleet and freezing rain are expected Tuesday afternoon, the first day of spring. On Wednesday, about 6 to 9 inches of snow is expected, with some areas getting nearly a foot.
The jet stream, the upper level river of air that guides weather, is stuck in a plunging pattern that brings plenty of moisture from the south up the East Coast, said Brian Hurley, senior forecaster at the National Weather Service's Weather Prediction Center.
Four nor'easters in three weeks is highly unusual, but it happens when a pattern locks in. And that's happened, Hurley said.
Officials are cautioning against unnecessary travel Wednesday afternoon and evening, when snow could be falling as much as 3 inches an hour.
Widespread power outages are possible, especially Wednesday, with gusts of up to 35 mph at times.
"Upper level patterns like this tend to repeat and you tend to get these serial storms, one after the other," weather.us meteorologist Ryan Maue said, adding that Europe will get the same drumbeat of storms a few days later.
But "the calendar is catching up to spring," Maue said. "Thankfully, you're going to see some spring pretty soon."
___
AP Science Writer Seth Borenstein contributed to this report from Washington.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FULLERTON – The boys basketball program at Troy High hasn't been under a spotlight as bright as the one that hovers over the girls, but the Warriors are catching a glare this season.
Troy defeated visiting Sunny Hills 52-37 on Friday night to take a one-game lead in the Freeway League race with two games left.
The Warriors haven't won a league title since 2006, a feat that's become routine for the girls' program, which had its state-record league-winning streak end at 219 games against Sonora on Jan. 23.
“Always a bridesmaid, never a bride,” Troy coach Scott Blake said. “A lot of seconds and thirds, always in the top tier, but never seem to pull it off.”
Blake said the difference this season has been the depth of competitive players on the team.
“Everyone who steps on the floor believes they can win, believes that they're personally a winner and that, as a team, we're a winner too,” Blake said. “I don't think I've coached a team quite like this.”
Troy (18-6, 6-2) took until halfway through the first quarter to put points on the scoreboard, but heated up on both ends of the floor late in the opening quarter and into the second.
Alec Sinek, who scored a team-high 16 points for the Warriors, sank a 3-pointer to give Troy a 12-9 lead early in the second quarter and the Warriors never gave it back.
Isaiah Holm a 6-7 sophomore forward for Troy, scored back-to-back inside baskets to stretch the advantage to 21-12. Sinek made another 3-pointer to make it 28-13, and the Warriors eventually took a 30-17 lead into the half.
Troy's defense held Sunny Hills to 3-for-21 shooting in the opening half.
The Lancers (11-15, 4-4) tried to make a run in the third quarter, getting as close as 33-26 on an inside basket by Stephen Kim, but Sinek hit another 3-pointer to highlight a 10-0 run and Troy was up 17 entering the fourth.
Luke Hosozawa had 11 points to lead the Lancers.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Wednesday:
1. TROUBLING BACKDROP TO STATE OF UNION SPEECH FOR TRUMP
The president's approval rating has hovered in the 30s for much of their term and at the close of 2017, just 3 in 10 Americans said the U.S. was heading in the right direction, according to an AP-NORC poll.
2. WHAT'S RATTLING US HEALTH INDUSTRY
Three of corporate America's heaviest hitters — Amazon, Warren Buffett and JPMorgan Chase — announce plans to jointly create a company to provide their employees with high-quality, affordable care.
3. FOR NOW, GOP MEMO IN LIMBO
The White House says it will conduct a legal and national security review before Trump decides whether to release the classified memo on the Russia investigation.
4. FALLOUT CONTINUES FROM ERRONEOUS ALERT
Hawaii's emergency management leader resigns and a state employee who sent an alert falsely warning of an incoming ballistic missile is fired, officials say.
5. 'A BLEMISH ON OUR HISTORY'
Israel's plan to deport tens of thousands of African migrants sparks a backlash from liberal Israelis who say Israel — established in the wake of the Holocaust — should never turn away those in need.
6. HOW POPE IS RESPONDING TO CHILEAN CRITICS
The pontiff sends the Vatican's most respected sex crimes expert to investigate a bishop accused by abuse victims of covering up for Chile's most notorious pedophile priest.
7. US STOCKS LOSE GROUND
Hefty losses in health care and technology companies hand the market its worst two-day drop since May.
8. TWO CASINOS OPENING THEIR DOORS
In Atlantic City, thousands of jobs lost during a brutal three-year stretch when five casinos shut down are coming back.
9. 'GLEE' ACTOR AN APPARENT SUICIDE AT 35
Mark Salling played bad-boy Noah "Puck" Puckerman in the hit musical-comedy. Their death comes weeks after they pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography.
10. WHO'S EAGLES' TOP CHEERLEADER
QB Carson Wentz, out with an injury, will have to be satisfied with urging on backup Nick Foles from the sidelines during Sunday's Super Bowl.
The Delhi High Court on Monday restrained anyone from stopping or blocking the running of Uber and Ola cabs in Delhi.
Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw restrained the two striking drivers unions and anyone associated with them from blocking companies' taxies.
Taxi drivers unions, Sarvodaya Driver Association of Delhi (SDAD) and Rajdhani Tourist Drivers' Union, including others acting on their behest, were also restrained by the court from “protesting, agitating, causing commotion violence in any manner in and around (within 500 metres)” around Uber and Ola' offices.
The court was hearing pleas of Ola and Uber which has accused the two drivers' unions of blocking cabs of drivers who had not joined the strike in February.
The court was also informed that companies could not settle the dispute with the two unions and mediation has failed. Justice Endlaw had earlier sent all the parties to mediation to resolve the matter.
Drivers of online cab aggregators Ola and Uber are going on strike again on Tuesday.
In February, hundreds of app-based taxi drivers were on strike in Delhi-NCR over several financial issues with their partners Ola and Uber.
Getty Image
Aside from Billy Bush's regret and a report claiming the entire affair drove Ivanka Trump to tears, very little has been said of Donald Trump's controversial Access Hollywood tape since May. Between the New York Times‘s recent expose alleging similar behavior by Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein and the administration's decision to roll back the Obama-era contraceptive coverage mandate, however, now is as good a time as any to mention it again. Hence why the women's advocacy group UltraViolet decided to play the infamous Access Hollywood footage on a 12-hour loop just outside the White House on Friday.
According to The Hill, the organization is running the footage uninterrupted from 9 am to 9 pm ET, on Constitution Avenue between the White House and the National Mall. “It was not so-called ‘locker room talk,' it was a man bragging about sexually assaulting women,” organization co-founder Shaunna Thomas said in a statement. “That man may now sit in the Oval Office, but we will not let them — or anyone else — forget the tape or those comments.”
Today at the White House – Trump's Access Hollywood video on loop all day, one year after the release. #WeGrabBack pic.twitter.com/XuFEhaSAlt — UltraViolet (@UltraViolet) October 6, 2017
UltraViolet, which describes itself as a “community of people mobilized to fight sexism and create a more inclusive world that accurately represents all women, from politics and government to media and pop culture,” released its initial statement before the White House announced its decision to roll back President Obama's birth control measure on Friday. Hence why, in their comments, Thomas primarily referenced the administration's “active dismantling of legal protections for survivors of sexual assault,” especially Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and Attorney General Jeff Sessions's work.
However, as soon as the announcement was made, the group began sharing information about the roll back while progressing with its own protest. This included a recent announcement that four different organizations — including American Civil Liberties Union, the National Women's Law Center, the Center for Reproductive Rights, and Americans United for Separation of Church and State — will be suing the Trump administration over the matter.
(Via The Hill)
The man who allegedly drove into a group of people who were protesting a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, Saturday, killing a woman and injuring several others, was denied bail this morning as they secure an attorney.
James Alex Fields Jr., 20, is charged with second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count related to leaving the scene.
Fields, who attended their arraignment via closed-circuit video, had recently moved to Ohio from where they grew up in Kentucky, The Associated Press reported. They apparently have no ties to Charlottesville.
They received today a court-appointed attorney who could ask for another bond hearing before Fields' next scheduled court hearing Aug. 25.
The Saturday crash that killed Heather Heyer took place at a United the Right rally spurred on by Charlottesville's plan to remove a Confederate statue from a local park.
The rally was attended by neo-Nazis, skinheads and Ku Klux Klan members, and the white nationalists were met with hundreds of counterprotesters, which led to street brawls and violent clashes.
Fields is accused of driving into the counterprotesters.
A former high school classmate of the suspect told ABC News that Fields had proclaimed themselves a neo-Nazi and white supremacist.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told The Associated Press they knew their son was attending a rally, but they thought it was a rally for President Donald Trump, not for white nationalists.
"I don't really talk to them about their political views," they said.
ABC News' Eva Pilgrim, Andy Fies and Janet Weinstein contributed to this report.
When commanding officer Major Adam Jowett faced the battle of a lifetime against a deadly force of Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan in the summer of 2006, it was the culmination of an ambition that was born 24 years earlier.
The Surrey schoolboy was just 11 years old when they saw television images of the ‘grimy, hard-looking men' in maroon berets, the famous Paras who fought and won a tough campaign in the faraway Falkland Islands, and vowed that one day they would be a soldier and lead their own men into battle.
And when they stepped into the fray in Helmand province at the head of a hastily assembled and under-strength unit of Paras and Royal Irish rangers, Jowett was finally commanding a troop of their own… but against a ferocious, merciless enemy in one of the toughest places on Earth.
The man who had so relished the physical and mental challenges of officer training at Sandhurst College was about to face their sternest and most terrifying test yet in the notorious siege at Musa Qala, a town and district centre in the central western part of Helmand which would become the scene of a heroic struggle.
Twelve years after the heart-thumping events in that summer of 2006, Jowett brings us their raw, honest, hard-hitting, emotional and truly inspirational account of a fight for survival that has been labelled by former war reporter Martin Bell as ‘the Rorke's Drift of our times.'
Describing in visceral and vivid detail what it was like to have responsibility for the lives of their men as they fought back bravely over 21 days and nights of relentless, nerve-shredding combat, Jowett takes us up close and personal to the heart of war – from the crumps, whumps and booms of attack to the sickening sight of a man down and the sheer exhaustion of almost non-stop fighting.
In charge of a new unit, which took the letter E and soon became known as ‘Easy Company,' Jowett's mission had been to hold the district centre at any cost but their base was a ramshackle compound and their defences were weak.
Cut off, outgunned and heavily outnumbered by the Taliban in the town, the British soldiers were a sitting target for their enemy who began launching wave after wave of brutal attacks, including crawling up the compound walls and having to be driven back with hand grenades.
Finally, as they came down to their last rounds and with 80 men left to face 500 of the enemy, death seemed to stare Easy Company in the face. The battlegroup did not have the resources to bring in more ammunition by convoy and the danger of flying in Chinook helicopters made that method of resupply too risky.
‘The statistics weren't great on paper,' writes Jowett, ‘but they didn't take into account that my small number of British soldiers were amongst the best trained infantry in the world, and that they would fight like dogs.'
The night before what many knew could be their last day, Jowett like every other man in the company, marked out their last magazine. ‘When I was down to my last few rounds, I would make sure I died upright and fighting. Better that than the alternative of falling into the hands of the Taliban, which was far worse than death.
‘Tomorrow, our enemy would come and try to kill us, and it was my job – my duty – to see they died instead.'
Surrounded by the enemy and with their backs to the wall and no way out, no one in Easy Company could have foreseen that the siege was destined to take an extraordinary turn…
Gripping, emotionally charged and intensely powerful, No Way Out is a dramatic and yet straightforwardly honest first-hand account of war in all its grim reality; but it is also Jowett's moving tribute to the gallant men of their unit.
Some were injured and some did not come home alive but it was ‘their courage, their grit, and their sheer unbreakable spirit' which defied the greatest odds to beat back ‘an unrelentingly barbaric enemy' and which will forever be a part of the man who led them.
Lest we forget…
(Sidgwick & Jackson, hardback, £18.99)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
11:17 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Netanyahu: Time for Kurds to have their own state Read more Israeli PM endorses Kurdish independence, telling Republican lawmakers Kurds 'share our values'. ► ◄ Last Briefs
CAMCO North, a community association service company, acquired the homeowners association management division of the Carson City-based Valley Realty & Management, adding 20 northern Nevada community associations to its management portfolio in northern Nevada.
The homeowners associations that CAMCO North will take over include single-family homes and condominiums in Carson City, Dayton, Minden and the Gardnerville areas.
Valley Realty & Management will retain its real estate sales and property management business for rental units. Nate Harris, owner/broker of Valley Realty & Management, said Valley Realty's property management team members Shelia Cass, administrative assistant, Katie Rogacs, provisional community association manager and Mike Trudell, supervisory community association manager have joined CAMCO North.
Norm Rosensteel, PCAM, president of CAMCO North, said the acquisition helps CAMCO expand its brand into the Carson Valley and beyond while bringing additional expertise and benefits to all clients. "It is our ultimate goal to partner with companies where we can not only expand our brand, but also better serve the clients and employees with improved services, technology, professionalism and experience."
In addition to working with existing associations, CAMCO North provides services to help set up new associations that are beginning construction, as well as prepare budgets and assist with document review for developers.
Celebrity chef Paul Heathcote is cooking up a surprise “homecoming” with Preston North End.
And the man who is opening the door for them - city entrepreneur Simon Rigby - has thanked club owner Trevor Hemmings for giving them one of their best breaks in business.
“We probably wouldn't have had the Guild Hall complex and our betting business had North End not given us the chance they did,” said Simon (inset), who has decided it is time their Villa organisation moved on after five years running the catering, banqueting and in-stadium betting at the club.
“Deepdale was crucial to us getting our gaming licence and also proving we could handle a big entertainment venue. So two absolutely fantastic businesses came out of our association.”
Simon's decision to stand aside has allowed Paul to return to the stadium where they first landed the catering contract 21 years ago. They said:“I can remember back in 1997 when Preston North End gave us our first opportunity in stadium catering, we were very grateful then and grateful now, it feels like we are coming home.”
A PNE statement said: “The club are very excited about the opportunity that this gives both parties to build on the already successful event and catering management facilities that exist here at Deepdale. There are a couple of new exciting initiatives planned for the new season which will be announced in the coming weeks.”
Photo Credit: Getty Images
You've likely heard that Orlando Bloom and Katy Perry recently concluded their year-long romance. Now Bloom—the man I most associate with elves who state the obvious—is sowing their wild oats. He's “casually” dating Nina Dobrev and putting moves on model Ashley Haas. In fact, Dobrev was even present during the shenanigans with Haas. Apparently it's the O-Bloom comeback tour: he's keen for everyone to know that he's a wild boy.
Advertisement
This behavior, taken on its own, is not unusual. People often indulge their ids after ending a longterm relationship, but in this case there may be an additional factor: Leonardo DiCaprio. Celebrity gossip virtuoso Lainey Gossip surmises that Leo has instructed their pal to keep things loose.
“Getting ‘casual' with Nina and then humping a model five minutes later at Coachella is exactly what's been prescribed to him. By whom? I'll say Leonardo DiCaprio,” LG hypothesizes.
Advertisement
By now, Leo's own dating habits are infamous. They almost exclusively dates models who are in their twenties, and they seem happily situated as a bachelor. They also always attends Coachella. If Orlando and Leo are hitting the town together, it's not far-fetched to think that the latter is influencing the former. And as LG points out, Perry, who is over 30 and increasingly political, would never catch Leo's eye. They may have been a worthwhile pursuit when Bloom's own popularity needed a boost, but that mission has more or less been accomplished. Here's LG again:
“...you get out as soon as you take what you came for. Which, I'm sure, Leo could understand. What they might probably have a harder time with is being with a woman who's not only no longer in their 20s, but who has opinions. Who is getting more and more political. Who is becoming more and more active in lobbying for women's rights. Who is more and more interested in using their voice. It's not like there are talking roles for women in Leo's world.”
Yikes. That's harsh—but it sounds on the mark.
[Lainey Gossip]
Lily Collins sent a copy of their book, Unfiltered: No Shame, No Regrets, Just Me, to Michelle Obama and, as they say, you'll never guess what happened next!
Advertisement
Sponsored
Our Forever FLOTUS responded with a thoughtful letter, because they are all things delightful and good. Then, Collins read and raved about said letter in an Instagram, because duh.
I admit it: I'm jealous.
[Us Weekly]
I'm also jealous of Melissa Etheridge's adult children because they smoke weed with them, and I would like to do that too.
Advertisement
“It brings you much closer,” they explain. “I'd much rather have a smoke with my grown kids than a drink.”
Aww.
[Us Weekly]
Over the weekend, Donald Trump called out Dave Weigel of the Washington Post for a tweet that misrepresented the crowd size at their Pensacola Florida rally — a tweet that Weigel admitted was inaccurate and deleted it shortly after. Despite the fact that it was an individual reporter's tweet and not a Post news report, Trump demanded an apology and retraction from “FAKE NEWS” WaPo.
During Monday afternoon's press briefing, Sarah Huckabee Sanders was asked by Matthew Nussbaum of Politico about the president lashing out at Weigel's tweet and the discrepancy between this sort of incidents and actual Russian disinformation campaigns, which they have always seemed unconcerned with. Huckabee Sanders responded by making a broad statement about what Trump considers to be biased reporting, insinuating that any accidental misreporting by news outlets — such as the recent error made by Brian Ross of ABC News — is done intentionally and maliciously.
They next called on CNN's Jim Acosta, who was not having their response. “I would just say Sarah, that journalists make honest mistakes and that doesn't make them fake news,” they said. Huckabee Sanders then interrupted them to retort, “Well when journalists make honest mistakes they should own up to them.” “They do!” exclaimed someone else in the room. “Sometimes, sometimes you don't,” they claimed.
Over audible protests, Huckabee Sanders continued. “There's a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people, something that happens regularly,” they said, yelling “I'm not done” at those who attempted to interject. “You cannot say it's a mistake when you're purposely putting out information you know to be false.”
When asked by Acosta if they could cite a story that was intentionally false, they named the Brian Ross story, which — while stunningly egregious — the network did in fact own up to. You can watch the entire heated exchange, above.
BOONE, N.C. (AP) - Two people are dead in North Carolina after a home they were in collapsed.
News outlets report that the Boone Police Department confirmed the deaths. Rescuers responded to the scene about 5 p.m. on Wednesday. The victims have not been identified.
Outlets report that the collapse is believed to have been caused by severe weather in the area.
Gov. Roy Cooper on Wednesday declared a state of emergency for their hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
Cooper said, "This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ricky, Nancy, and Clarence have all been imprisoned for terrible crimes – crimes they never committed. Now the three of them join The Doctors to discuss the lingering trauma of these experiences, and how they are able to move forward.
Ricky says that the company of the other wrongfully imprisoned means everything to him. “We never pass up an opportunity to meet and be together, because we know there's that level of understanding amongst us. We have our family and our friends, but they can never really understand the depths of our emotional trauma.” They add, “When I see these guys, I just automatically light up!”
Watch: Life After a Wrongful Conviction
All three suffer from anxiety and difficulty sleeping. Psychotherapist Dr. Mike Dow tells them, “I don't think there's any amount of therapy that can erase what happened to you.”
PTSD Specialist Dr. Eugene Lipov explains, “I look at PTSD as a biological phenomenon. When the body is put through an extreme circumstance of any form, the fight-or-flight response is kicked into gear. You know exactly what I'm talking about!” they say to Clarence, who is nodding. “A mild sound can set it off.”
They say the same is true for Jennifer, who was raped and then, decades later, suffered the additional trauma of learning they had helped convict the wrong man of the crime. “I can't even imagine how horrible that would feel,” Dr. Lipov tells them
Watch: Healing the Pain of Wrongful Imprisonment
Their brains have adapted to help them survive in horrible circumstances, they explain, but now those adaptations are causing them continual stress. But Dr. Lipov has a treatment – an injection to turn off nerve fibers created during the trauma, and return the brain to its original state. The procedure has been used to help to return veteran Special Operations officers.
Now Dr. Lipov offers this treatment to Jennifer, Clarence, Nancy, and Ricky. “You don't have to live in misery forever.”
ER Physician Dr. Travis Stork reassures them that The Doctors will take care of any travel and logistics to help them get treated. “I truly hope and pray that the three of you can find some hope and peace in all this, because your stories are compelling as any I've ever heard.”
Days after a man opened fire on a country music festival in Las Vegas, the National Rifle Association is following its usual protocol in the wake of a mass shooting on U.S. soil ― that is, to hide.
There's been nothing but radio silence from the organization that lobbies to ensure Americans have access to firearms powerful enough to kill nearly 60 and injure over 500, as Stephen Paddock did Sunday night during the Route 91 Harvest festival, when they opened fire on music fans from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel.
The NRA has issued no statement or social media posts about the shooting, even though it's been trying to link itself to everything country music for years.
Take, for example, NRA Country. Formed in 2010, the gun lobby's so-called lifestyle brand recruits icons within the country music industry to promote a “softer side” of the organization, The Guardian reports. A mission statement positions NRA Country as “a celebration of American values” such as “respect,” “honor” and “freedom.” The brand seeks to “empower” its “artist friends who promote these values to encourage our next generation of leaders.”
Its sparse website lists over three dozen such artist friends, a group mainly comprised of men like Trace Adkins, Craig Campbell, Craig Morgan, Luke Combs, Hank Williams Jr. and Jon Pardi. Some of these musicians have provided entertainment for attendees of the NRA's Annual Meetings and Exhibits conferences and its Great American Outdoor Show.
“[The NRA is] simply using the lifestyle brand as an inroad to reach out to that broader demographic to build their support and build their membership,” Greg Reish, director of the Center for Popular Music at Middle Tennessee State University, told HuffPost. “The idea being that ... if you like country for these reasons, the NRA speaks your language.”
But canned statements from many of the artists posted on NRA Country are absent of language explicitly promoting firearms. Adkins supports the group “because they share my love of the outdoors and my wish to safeguard America's hunting heritage.” Colt Ford vibes with it because the group shares the “core values” they learned from their parents: “love of God, family, friends, America and hard work.”
Instead of seeing posts on pending gun legislation or arguments against gun control, like those that appear on the NRA's official Facebook page, NRA Country's 115,000 Facebook followers get updates on affiliated artists. Fans are encouraged to support these “friends” of the NRA, like Miranda Lambert (who has spoken favorably about the group in the past), by buying their music or concert tickets.
Across social media, NRA Country's lighthearted tone stands at odds with the often heated language of the official NRA page, where a call to “stop kneeling on behalf of your elitist anti-patriot comrades” earned over 100 “angry” reactions.
“I don't think it's more about normalizing guns or gun culture, but normalizing the NRA,” Violence Policy Center Executive Director Josh Sugarmann told HuffPost about the effort. Using celebrities to whip up support is a common marketing strategy; PETA maintains a page of celebrity partners similar to the one found on NRA Country's site. There aren't nearly as many names linked to the pro-gun rights group, though.
“The NRA is very self-conscious that it has a celebrity gap,” Sugarmann continued. “If you look at the NRA's publications ― the statements that come across on their online outlets ― beneath the distaste they show for Hollywood and other celebrities is a very clear green line of jealousy that they don't have a stable of high profile supporters for their cause.”
Country music is one of the most popular radio formats in the U.S. And, according to an NRA spokesperson, many of the gun lobby's members count themselves as fans. A partnership between the NRA and country musicians could benefit both parties, helping the stars connect with their fans and helping the NRA seek out new members. Exactly how much support the NRA has among country fans, though, is unclear.
When Tim McGraw backed a pro-gun control Sandy Hook benefit, they found themselves defending their decision to some pro-gun rights fans. Yet NRA Country's published list of affiliated artists has seen some names, including Andy Griggs and Mickie James, disappear for unknown reasons. More recently, Florida Georgia Line dropped off the page after a web crawler captured the duo's name there Oct. 3. Thomas Rhett disappeared sometime after July.
“It's been years since they've crossed paths,” Rhett's representative told HuffPost over email of their client's erasure from the NRA Country site.
Imagery championed by the NRA ― cool cars and trucks, gritty physical labor, men enjoying the country's pristine outdoor landscape ― continues to mirror the lyrical pictures painted atop country charts, thanks to the immense popularity of “bro country,” as Reish calls it. Led by majority white male artists like Jason Aldean, Sam Hunt and Luke Bryan, lyrics extol America, its open roads, women, beer and red plastic cups.
“Sunday morning, man, they woke up fighting mad / Bitching and moaning on and on 'bout the time I had,” Luke Combs, an affiliate of NRA Country, sings in “When It Rains It Pours,” which has racked up more than 24 million YouTube views. “So I went for a drive to clear my mind / Ended up at a Shell on I-65 / Then I won a hundred bucks on a scratch-off ticket / Bought two 12-packs and a tank of gas with it.”
The fact that Combs doesn't mention firearms doesn't seem to concern NRA Country.
“There aren't really that many songs in country music these days that are about guns, or that make passing reference to guns, but they're trying to make the association between the imagery,” Reish said of NRA Country.
The tragedy in Las Vegas, however, has some asking country musicians to throw their support behind the very opposite of the NRA's efforts: gun control reform.
In a Tuesday op-ed for The New York Times, Roseanne Cash, the daughter of country icon Johnny Cash, called on musicians to “pull apart the threads of patriotism and lax gun laws that it has so subtly and maliciously intertwined. They are not the same.”
“I encourage more artists in country and American roots music to end your silence,” they wrote.
Another musician, the Josh Abbott Band's Caleb Keeter, took to Twitter on Monday to explain how witnessing the violence in Las Vegas changed their mind on the issue of gun control. Their band had performed hours before at the Route 91 festival.
“We need gun control RIGHT. NOW,” Keeter wrote, after recounting the barrage of bullets they experienced.
But statements explicitly calling out the role of guns in Sunday's violence were not widespread among country music stars. At least one, Kenny Alphin of the duo Big & Rich, said they still don't see guns as a problem, proclaiming, “It's just the good and evil.” Meanwhile, many others expressed condolences, bafflement and messages of resilience without mentioning guns at all, or how stronger laws might have prevented such an extreme loss of life.
Combs, who was in Las Vegas during the shooting, told the “Today” show Monday that “we need to be able to move forward and not let something like this affect our daily lives.” In an Instagram post, they asked people to “keep Vegas, these fans, and all of the country music community in your thoughts and prayers, we could sure use it tonight.”
Aldean, who was on stage when the gunfire began, posted an emotional note to Twitter that similarly didn't mention the issue. “Something has changed in this country and in this world lately that is scary to see,” they wrote, ending with a call to “stop the hate.”
“I don't even know anymore ... Why?” NRA advocate Blake Shelton wrote on Twitter.
There are already more mass shootings in the U.S. than any other country in the world, and according to one researcher, these incidents are becoming more deadly. Whether country music stars will face backlash over their apparent refusal to support gun control ― or separate deadly weapons from the country lifestyle they love ― has yet to be seen. But, according to Reish, at least, the tide may be turning.
“Now that this has affected the country music industry directly, I think it'll be a little bit harder for artists and fans alike to keep their heads in the sand about the gun issue,” Reish said. “And I hope people will start to question more country's link to the NRA.”
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said they left their previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said they were upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Tuesday:
1. PIPE BOMB EXPLODES IN NYC SUBWAY
The only serious wounds from the blast during the morning rush hour are to the suspected bomber himself, who authorities say was inspired by Islamic State extremists.
2. WHAT FINAL PITCH ROY MOORE IS MAKING TO VOTERS
On the eve of the Senate election, the Alabama Republican casts themselves as the victim of a national barrage of unjust allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers.
3. #METOO SPOTLIGHT TURNS TO TRUMP
Several women urge Congress to investigate their claims of sexual misconduct against the president, and a number of Democratic lawmakers demand their resignation.
4. HOW PUTIN IS CELEBRATING MOSCOW'S DEEPENING MIDEAST TIES
The Russian president declares "victory" in Syria during a surprise visit to a military base there, then travels to Egypt and Turkey, highlighting their country's expanded reach.
5. WIND-FANNED WILDFIRE FLARES ANEW
Ash falls like snow and heavy smoke forces residents to gasp for air as a Southern California wildfire spreads alarmingly, becoming the fifth largest in state history
6. WHICH RESEARCHERS HAVE HIT THE JACKPOT
Eighteen climate scientists from the U.S. and elsewhere are awarded millions of euros in grants to relocate to France for the rest of Trump's presidential term.
7. PENTAGON OPENS DOOR TO TRANSGENDER RECRUITS
Transgender individuals will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, after Trump's ordered ban suffers another legal setback.
8. WORLDWIDE, AN ECONOMIC UPTURN
The U.N. says the global economy is growing by about 3 percent — its highest rate since 2011 — and a significant acceleration from last year.
9. CELEBRITY CHEF STEPS AWAY FROM RESTAURANT EMPIRE
The move comes after Mario Batali says that reports of sexual misconduct "match up" to their behavior.
10. STAR QB SUFFERS SEASON-ENDING INJURY
The Eagles' Carson Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, has a torn left ACL and will miss the rest of the season and the playoffs.
Connolly's hearing falls on deaf ears 14 June 2017
Dublin's Diarmuid Connolly walks away from linesman Ciaran Brannigan after they exchanged words during the second half Dublin's Diarmuid Connolly walks away from linesman Ciaran Brannigan after they exchanged words during the second half
Diarmuid Connolly has failed in their bid to have their 12-week ban overturned by the GAA's Central Hearings Committee.
The St Vincent's clubman appeared before the Hearings Committee last night to appeal the Central Competitions Control Committee's decision to hand them a three month sanction for 'minor physical interference' with linesman Ciaran Brannigan during their comfortable Leinster SFC quarter-final win over Carlow earlier this month.
The CHC reviewed footage of the incident and 'found the infraction proven and imposed the following penalty: '12 weeks Suspension in all Codes at all Levels'.
As things stand, Jim Gavin will be minus the services of one of their star players until August 27 but Connolly does have the option of taking their case to the Central Appeals Committee.
A toddler was killed on Chicago's gang-plagued West Side Tuesday after they were shot in the head, police said.
The 2-year-old boy was killed along with a 26-year-old man, who was the target of the shooting, a spokesperson for the Chicago Police Department told ABC News. The man was also shot in the head.
The two were pronounced dead at area hospitals.
A 20-year-old woman was also hospitalized after they were shot in the stomach.  They are currently in fair condition.
All three victims were shot in a moving car in an alley, said police, who confirmed to ABC News that the shooting was gang-related.
Investigators have "very optimistic leads" in the case, police said, adding that detectives are currently analyzing surveillance video from the area.
They are also reviewing a nearly 30-minute Facebook live video that has surfaced and may have captured some of the incident as it unfolded. Police have not confirmed the authenticity of the video and whether it was filmed live in the car where the three were shot.
WLS
WLS
No arrests have been made.
CPD has very good leads in the investigation. Detectives are reviewing surveillance video. Tragically, the young boy succombed to injuries — Anthony Guglielmi (@AJGuglielmi) February 14, 2017
The shooting comes just days after two girls, ages 11 and 12, were both shot in the head in separate unrelated shootings that took place within 25 minutes of each other over the weekend in Chicago.
Both girls were rushed to hospitals in critical condition after they were shot Saturday night.
On Monday, Patsy Holmes, the grandmother of Takiya Holmes, told ABC News that the 11-year-old was still "fighting for their life."
The condition of the 12-year-old victim is unclear.
Recent gun violence in Chicago has garnered national attention, with 2016 ending with a record number of shootings and the most homicides in two decades, according to police.
Last year, there were 3,550 shooting incidents and 762 murders, a total that averages to more than two murders and nearly 10 shootings every day in 2016.
On the first day of January alone, 28 people were shot in Chicago, according to data from the Chicago Police Department.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on extending temporary special protections for 7,000 Syrians (all times local):
8 p.m.
The Trump administration confirms it is extending protections for nearly 7,000 Syrian citizens living in the U.S. for another 18 months, saying the action is justified by civil war.
Facing a Wednesday deadline, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen says "the ongoing armed conflict and extraordinary conditions" were reasons to let them remain until September 2019.
Syrians were first granted Temporary Protected Status in 2012, a humanitarian program that can be extended for up to 18 months at a time.
It's a huge relief for Syrians, considering that the administration has ended protections for other groups. But applicants must have been in the U.S. since August 2016, disappointing newer arrivals.
----
2:15 p.m.
The Trump administration is expected to extend protections for nearly 7,000 Syrian citizens living in the U.S. for another 18 months. But it won't let more applicants from Syria enter the program.
Two U.S. officials familiar with the administration's plan say that "Temporary Protected Status" for Syrians will be renewed Wednesday. But they say the Homeland Security Department won't re-designate Syria as having conditions preventing citizens from returning safely.
That means Syrians already receiving the protections can stay, but more can't apply once the current program expires in March.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to discuss the decision publicly.
The expected decision follows a contentious debate within the Trump administration about whether to cut off the program.
Lonzo Ball is stoked to play their first game at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday, when the Los Angeles Lakers play the New York Knicks. For the NBA's most talked-about rookie, the excitement stems from the “history” of “battles,” up to and including those involving Chicago Bulls legend Michael Jordan.
“All the great players that go there usually play good and if they don't, you're going to hear about it,” Ball said after Lakers practice Monday at Baruch College, per the New York Post's Fred Kerber. “Definitely Carmelo [Anthony] when they played in there. LeBron [James] had some great games in there. And it goes all the way back to [Michael] Jordan.”
Of course, the storied tradition of NBA greatness at MSG extends much further back than that. Willie Reed, Walt Frazier and Earl Monroe—the core of Knicks' two NBA champions in the 1970s—might have a bone to pick with Ball.
Then again, it's tough to expect a 20-year-old who's spent most of their life cloistered in Chino Hills (and following the Lakers) to know a whole lot about the Knickerbockers of old.
If anything, Zo's short recollection of basketball history is a reminder to some (ahem) of just how young the NBA's next generation of stars truly is—and how much more it has to learn.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Market research firm has announced the release of their latest report on the . This new report will provide expert market insights for the forecast period 2018-2022.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006024/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global consumer NAS market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
The new report will follow up on Technavio's previous report and present an updated analysis of the market with regards to the current competitive landscape and global environment. It will also provide new forecasts based on the most up-to-date data available.
The upgraded research report on the global consumer NAS market is an integral part of Technavio's portfolio. Technavio covers an extensive range of market research reports on the data center market, covering different regions and top industry segments. Some of the topics include data center liquid cooling, white-box server, network function virtualization, and data center rack PDU.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
Global opportunities for growth
Technavio's previous report on the global market projected that APAC will be the fastest-growing region in the market and will register a CAGR of more than 16% through 2020. The need for NAS appliances will increase during this period because of the enormous growth in the amount of data and the surging demand for high-capacity storage at cheaper costs. Besides, the declining prices of these devices will increase their implementation among individual consumers.
In the previous report, a senior research analyst at Technavio stated , “NAS devices have a very simple design and provide easy installation. Consumers have been increasingly adopting NAS appliances as they are easy to configure without any technical knowledge. The device is pre-installed with a vendor-designed OS that enables individual consumers to manage data storage at any point in time. Users can also customize the device based on their needs, create or restrict access to the device, and enable security mechanisms.”
Technavio's new report on the global consumer NAS market will evaluate the key geographical regions and their behavior over the past four years, introducing new data and observations and providing new predictions.
Looking for the latest information on the global consumer NAS market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Detailed analysis at your fingertips
Some of the topics that will be revisited in the new report include:
Market size and growth rate through 2022 Top factors driving the market growth Competitive landscape and market share analysis of the key players Market opportunities and factors impeding growth
Technavio's report on the global market for the period 2018-2022 is available to order now and will be delivered within one week of purchase.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006024/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE INTERNET SOFTWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 11:26 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 11:26 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006024/en
The Syrian government reaffirms its position against the use of chemical weapons, and Syria has handed over all its chemical arsenals to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, the ministry said. The Syrian Foreign Ministry has rejected the US claims about the Syrian government using chemical weapons in the war as "lies." The ministry said in a statement on Saturday that the US remarks about the use of chemical weapons in the Eastern Ghouta region of the east of the capital Damascus are "false claims", Xinhua news agency reported.
The Syrian Foreign Ministry has rejected the US claims about the Syrian government using chemical weapons in the war as “lies.” The ministry said in a statement on Saturday that the US remarks about the use of chemical weapons in the Eastern Ghouta region of the east of the capital Damascus are “false claims”, Xinhua news agency reported. Such allegations were timed to undermine the efforts to resolve the Syrian war through a peaceful settlement between the Syrians without foreign interventions, it noted.
The Syrian government reaffirms its position against the use of chemical weapons, and Syria has handed over all its chemical arsenals to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, the ministry said. The US and its allies are “desperately” searching for a pretext to target Syria, following the success of the Syrian army in its war against terror-designated militant groups across Syria, it pointed out. US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis recently threatened Syria with a military action if hard evidence is found to back up the claims of another sarin attack in Syria.
Last month, activists claimed the Syrian forces used chlorine in an attack on the rebel-held Eastern Ghouta countryside of Damascus, causing 21 people to suffer from breathing difficulties. In April last year, the US struck a military base in central Syria with more than 50 Tomahawk missiles, in retaliation for an alleged chemical attack by the government forces on a rebel-held town in the northwestern province of Idlib. The Syrian government denied the accusations, saying it's rebels who mounted the attack to frame the government and draw in a military action from the US.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 9-1-2 8-9-1 5-3-1 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 12-5-0 6-7-1 5-3-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 12-5-3 4-6-0 5-4-2 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 10-5-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 Florida 30 12 14 4 28 90 105 6-6-3 6-8-1 4-3-1 Detroit 30 11 13 6 28 81 99 5-6-5 6-7-1 3-7-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 3-9-1 4-8-5 2-4-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 11-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Winnipeg 31 18 8 5 41 107 87 11-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 9-6-2 7-4-1 4-1-2 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 10-4-0 7-9-1 4-8-0 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 8-3-2 7-8-1 4-5-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Vancouver 31 14 13 4 32 82 90 5-6-3 9-7-1 3-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 8-5-1 6-8-1 4-5-1 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, SO
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Florida 2, Detroit 1, OT
Winnipeg 5, Vancouver 1
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
MOUNT PLEASANT, Iowa — In the days after immigration agents raided a dusty concrete plant on the west side of town, seizing 32 men from Mexico and Central America, the Rev. Trey Hegar, pastor of the First Presbyterian Church, got into an impassioned argument on their Facebook page.
“The Bible doesn't promote helping criminals!!!!” a Trump supporter wrote.
Mr. Hegar answered with Leviticus: “When a stranger resides with you in your land, you shall not do them wrong. The stranger who resides with you shall be to you as the native among you, and you shall love them as yourself, for you were aliens in the land of Egypt.”
The Trump supporter came back with the passage in the Gospel of Mark about rendering unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and added for good measure: “Immigration laws are good and Godly! We elected our leaders and God allowed it.”
President Trump's immigration crackdown has been promoted with biblical righteousness by senior members of their administration, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions. And in heartland communities where the president is popular, the crackdown is often debated — by supporters and critics alike — through the lens of Christian morality.
Watch the first Illinois Issues Forum from Springfield. Our 2018 election coverage starts discussing the fiscal health of Illinois.
This forum is produced and hosted by NPR Illinois with support provided by AARP Illinois.
Listen to the discussion of solutions Illinois can pursue to improve its fiscal health. Former Governor Jim Edgar, State Senator Donne Trotter, budget professor Beverly Bunch, and statehouse reporter Brian Mackey offer analysis and answer audience questions.
The Panel:
Jim Edgar, Retired, Illinois Governor / Visiting Senior Fellow, University of Illinois Institute of Government and Public Affairs (IGPA)
Donne Trotter, Retired, Illinois State Senator
Beverly Bunch, PhD, Professor, University of Illinois Springfield / State Budget Research Team, Volcker Alliance
Brian Mackey, Statehouse Reporter, NPR Illinois
Emcee: Sean Crawford
As someone who values being knowledgeable about Illinois, please support this public radio station by clicking on the, "Donate" button at the top of this page. If you're already a supporter, thank you!
The White House released a memorandum Wednesday stating that the effective date of its revised travel ban -- spelled out in the executive order as March 16 -- is now “delayed or tolled until those injunctions are lifted or stayed.”
This action came “in light of questions in litigation about the effective date of the enjoined provisions and in the interest of clarity,” the memo reads, adding that it “should be construed to amend the Executive Order.”
In its reply briefs submitted to the Supreme Court, the government argued that the “clarification forecloses respondents' mootness argument” and asked the Supreme Court to stay the Maryland and Hawaii injunctions, and grant a writ of certiorari to take the case.
Plaintiffs in the Fourth Circuit case had argued to the Supreme Court that the 90-day ban on nationals from six designated countries ended on Wednesday, which is 90 days from the “effective date” of March 16 written into the executive order. Under that interpretation, the whole case would become moot before the Supreme Court had a chance to weigh in, leaving the Fourth and Ninth Circuit rulings to stand.
The government disagreed, arguing that the injunction by Hawaii federal judge Derrick Watson had stopped the clock on the 90-day six-country and 120-day refugee ban. Watson blocked those portions of the travel ban before they could go into effect.
The challengers could still argue that even with a postponed effective date, the clock is now running, because the Ninth Circuit on Monday allowed the administration to go forward with provisions of the executive order directing an internal review of vetting procedures.
ABC News contributor Kate Shaw said that today's memorandum “clarifies and amends the executive order, effectively neutralizing one of the plaintiffs' key arguments against both a stay and cert -- that the Order expired [Wednesday.]"
"I don't know that this changes the likelihood of a grant of a stay, but I do think it increases the chances that the Court grants the cert petition," said Shaw.
According to Tuesday's briefing schedule, the parties need to submit their briefs regarding the stay and cert petitions by June 21.
The Colorado Rockies are thrilled to see Chad Bettis back on the mound after cancer treatment. The prospect of the right-hander helping them in a playoff push, that's a bonus.
Bettis was set to start Monday night at Coors Field in their first major league game since being diagnosed with testicular cancer in November. After undergoing surgery and chemotherapy, they were ready to pitch against Atlanta.
"It's really cool with all the stuff he's been through he's back here and ready to go," teammate Jon Gray said. "I can't wait to see them compete."
The 28-year-old discovered a lump on their testicle last fall and underwent surgery to remove one of their testicles. They passed subsequent follow-up screenings and was healthy enough to report springing training. But a regular screening on March 10 led to a biopsy being done, which revealed the cancer had spread to their lymph nodes.
Bettis underwent nine weeks of chemotherapy but kept up their conditioning throughout. They were sent on a minor league rehab assignment July 13 and worked their way back to the rotation, much to the pleasure of their team.
"Everyone loves him," third baseman Nolan Arenado said. "He tries to help. I always see them in the video room trying to help the young guys. He's just a great teammate."
Bettis' return is expected to be emotional but the Rockies are hoping they can boost the staff. They led Colorado in starts (32), wins (14) and innings (186) last season. Their best outing was a two-hit shutout against San Francisco on Sept. 5, and they were expected to anchor a young rotation this season before being diagnosed with cancer.
They come back to a team holding onto the second NL wild card spot. Colorado was 21 games above .500 in June but has gone 18-26 since, so getting Bettis back gives the Rockies a chance to strengthen the rotation.
"This is a pitcher, when he's throwing well, will have an impact on the game every time they take the mound," manager Bud Black said. "He wants to be a part of this and make a contribution."
"a brilliant use of the Web"
"Unbridled rants that can brighten even the dullest day"
Transcript for Lava from Hawaii volcano destroys 75 homes, officials say
We learned overnight that 75 homes on Hawaii's big island have now been destroyed in the volcanic eruption that's a dozen more. In the last 48 hours a fountain of lava or shooting hundreds of feet into the air and the lover has forced the partial closure. Of a major highway there how everyone 32 it also cut off access till local power plant. But authorities insist the plant poses no danger to the public the volcanic case now stretches as far as Guam some 4000 miles away.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
COLOMBO, Sri Lanka (AP) — An envoy says Maldives will not extend the state of emergency that is due to expire on Wednesday amid criticism of the government over the recent political turmoil.
Mohamed Hussain Shareef, ambassador to neighboring Sri Lanka, said the government "has no intention of extending" the emergency when its 30-day period expires, "barring very unusual circumstances such as widespread violence."
Maldives declared an emergency due to turmoil following a Supreme Court ruling ordering the release of several of the president's jailed political opponents. Under the emergency law, President Yameen Abdul Gayoom had two Supreme Court judges arrested for alleged corruption and the remaining three judges annulled the order to release Yameen's opponents.
The emergency regulations gave Maldives' security forces sweeping powers, including to make arrests and search and seize property.
A Salem, Massachusetts-based organization called The Satanic Temple is accusing Twitter of discriminating against it on religious grounds.
Satanic Temple founder Lucien Greaves filed a complaint in March with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination, saying Twitter wrongly suspended its accounts after someone tweeted a threat to the organization. The Boston Globe reports Twitter has restored the accounts but without the "verified" status Greaves wants.
An attorney for Greaves says the standards used by Twitter to determine its suspensions and verifications of users is colored by its favoritism toward groups that share the social network's views.
Twitter says an account is verified if it's determined to be of public interest.
The Satanic Temple's building is zoned as an art gallery and is open to the public with art installations, lectures and film screenings.
———
Information from: The Boston Globe, http://www.bostonglobe.com
After a string of eight round of 16 fixtures, FIFA World Cup 2018 is now headed to an interesting quarter-finals stage where several world cup contenders will lock horns with each other.
There were huge expectations from the big guns that were participating in the FIFA World Cup 2018 but it turned out to be a sour affair for many of them, including the defending champions of the highly-coveted golden trophy. The world cup contenders in Germany, Spain, Argentina and Portugal have already left the host nation Russia in vain while there are some which are still in the fray.
In the round of 16 fixtures, the most one-sided match, despite the scoreline, was the one between France and Argentina. An unplayable Kylian Mbappe ragged the Argentinian defence and belittled Lionel Messi and co in a 4-3 victory.
Belgium rewrote the history books in their 3-2 triumph over Japan. The Red Devils were shell-shocked by a rampant Japanese side early in the game with two back to back goals, but the European giants made a historic comeback to advance to the quarter-finals.
The most intriguing match was played between world cup contenders Spain and host nation Russia. The round of 16 match between them went to the penalty shootout after a fruitless extra time. Russia ousted Spain in a thrilling encounter that ended 4-3 on penalties in Russia's favour.
Among the 4 quarter-finals that are to be played, the fans' eyes are fixed on Uruguay vs France and Brazil vs Belgium blockbuster match. Russia vs Croatia might have some fight in that fixture but England vs Sweden is seen as an easy walkover for the Three Lions.
Here's the quarter-final schedule:
Uruguay vs France
July 6, Friday
07:30 pm IST
Brazil vs Belgium
July 6, Friday
11:30 pm IST
Russia vs Croatia
July 7, Saturday
07:30 pm IST
Sweden vs England
July 7, Saturday
11:30 pm IST
For all the latest Sports News, download NewsX App
Read More
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
STACEY VANEK SMITH, HOST:
We're going to spend much of this hour in Charlottesville, Va., where events over the weekend have been described as mayhem, catastrophic, a stain on America, even domestic terrorism. Violence erupted yesterday after white nationalist groups descended on the city of Charlottesville. The so-called Unite The Right rally was protesting the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee in the center of the city, though people tell us it goes much deeper than that. We're going to hear from a variety of voices today as we reflect on what happened. First, let's talk about what we know. After police dispersed the massive crowd, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. allegedly slammed their car into a group of people who had come to march against the white supremacists. Thirty-two-year-old paralegal Heather Heyer lost their lives in that car attack. Nineteen others were injured. Two Virginia state police officers also died in a helicopter crash. They had been monitoring the rally. The Department of Justice has opened a federal probe into the events in Charlottesville. This afternoon, there was more trouble. Sandy Hausman of WVTF is here to bring us up to speed. They join us live from Charlottesville. Good to speak with you again, Sandy.
SANDY HAUSMAN, BYLINE: Yes.
SMITH: So, Sandy, we mentioned there was more trouble today. What happened? Set the scene for us.
HAUSMAN: Well, Stacey, the man who organized yesterday's Unite The Right rally had a press conference this afternoon, or at least they tried. It turned out, several hundred people found about it, and they showed up to shout Jason Kessler down.
UNIDENTIFIED CROWD: (Chanting) Shame on you. Shame on you. Shame on you. Shame on you.
HAUSMAN: After Kessler had spoken for less than five minutes, largely drowned out by chanting, a man rushed up, shouting that the white supremacist leader should be charged with murder in connection with the crash that killed one person and injured 19 other people. The crowd then closed in on Kessler and pursued him. They ran away. State Police in riot gear blocked the mob, and that allowed Kessler to escape.
SMITH: You spoke with several people there today. What else did you hear?
HAUSMAN: Well, it was kind of ironic. This whole event took place under statues of Thomas Jefferson and James Madison, who lived in this area and were the original supporters of the First Amendment. But when I talked to Susan Chrishell (ph), Sharonda Brown (ph), Jay Scott (ph) and Brenda Castaneda (ph), they didn't see any problem with what happened.
SUSAN CHRISHELL: I support everyone saying what they want to say. But when it becomes violent, nobody belongs here, and I don't care what your position is.
HAUSMAN: Do you blame Jason Kessler for what happened yesterday?
SHARONDA BROWN: Yeah, yeah, I think it's - yeah, it's their fault pretty much.
JAY SCOTT: We also blame Donald Trump. You know, the hat says make America great again, which everybody already knows that means - from the white supremacists' view, it means make America white again.
BRENDA CASTANEDA: You know, we were here yesterday. We're all pretty tired, but they've got to know that we don't want them here and that every time they come out to rally, they're going to be met with heavy opposition.
HAUSMAN: What about the First Amendment? Aren't they allowed to speak?
CASTANEDA: Sure, they're allowed to speak. But that, you know, that constrains what the government can do. It doesn't constrain what citizens can do. It doesn't mean that we can't stand up and yell louder than they are.
SMITH: Were there any other injuries today?
HAUSMAN: Fortunately, there were not, although one man was arrested for spitting on Jason Kessler. And we also had some good news from the University of Virginia Medical Center, where the injured people were taken yesterday. Ten of them are now in good condition, and nine have been released.
SMITH: That's Sandy Hausman, Charlottesville bureau chief of member station WVTF. Sandy, thank you.
HAUSMAN: You're welcome. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Julie Ertz has a world championship and Player of the Year honors in their sport. So she's already got an edge on husband Zach — that is, if they were competitive.
They say the athletic couple doesn't really try to one-up each other all that much.
"Maybe in board games," they say with a laugh.
Julie and Zach are currently the sporting world's "It" couple. Julie is a midfielder for the World Cup-winning U.S. national soccer team, while their husband Zach is a tight end for the Super Bowl-bound Philadelphia Eagles. The joke is that they both play football, just different kinds.
Just as Zach was in Canada for the 2015 World Cup final cheering on Julie, she'll be rooting for them on Sunday in Minneapolis. In fact, she's already there, acting as a correspondent for the U.S. team's Twitter feed .
The couple was married last March after a romance that started when Julie, then Julie Johnston, was an emerging soccer star at Santa Clara and Zach was playing at Stanford.
Julie's career took off in 2015, well before Zach reached the NFL's biggest stage, when they were selected by national team coach Jill Ellis for the World Cup roster. At 23, they were the second-youngest player on the squad for soccer's premier tournament.
"You train as if whenever you're called upon you're ready," they said. "I think that was a huge mentality that was important for me. I know I really wanted to make the team, but I knew that I had a long way to go. So I tried every day to take it day by day and really learn anything I could at practice, and do every extra thing that I thought I needed to do."
Johnston played on a backline that included Meghan Klingenberg, Becky Sauerbrunn and Ali Krieger. The defense was anchored by Hope Solo, who was spectacular in goal. The group went 540 minutes during the tournament without conceding a goal on the way to a 5-2 final victory over Japan.
With their trademark baby-blue headband, Johnston quickly proved they were one of the sport's fastest-rising stars. Today, she's introspective about their world championship.
"I could give you 1,000 moments that were special, but looking back it was the journey, and everything that I learned about myself and what I didn't think I could do," they said. "I learned a lot, and it really pushed my love for the sport even more than I already loved it."
They shifted to a defensive midfielder position with the national team last year and did well. At the Tournament of Nations they came in as a substitute and scored the winner of a 4-3 victory in the 89th minute.
They played at that position the rest of the season, scoring six goals, including two against New Zealand. In December they were selected the national team's Player of the Year, earning more than half of all the votes.
But probably the happiest thing they did last year was marry Zach. The two tied the knot in March in California.
Zach, 27, is in their fifth season with the Eagles. They broke out this season with 824 receiving yards, behind only New England's Rob Gronkowski (1,084) and Kansas City's Travis Kelce (1,038) among the ends. Their eight touchdowns were double their previous career high, and they had eight catches for 93 yards in the NFC championship game.
The two were apart when the Eagles clinched their spot in the Super Bowl with a 38-7 victory over the Minnesota Vikings. Julie was in San Diego for a national team match against Denmark. They were among the players who scored in the 5-1 victory.
Afterward, when they were told Zach was going to the Super Bowl, they burst into tears .
"Zach knew I was there obviously in spirit and I was praying for them and I was excited for them and cheering them from miles away," they said. "It's a part of our job and we sacrifice a lot, and time's the biggest thing. But to find out that they are going to the Super Bowl was amazing, exciting, emotional. It's really cool to see your loved one's hard work pay off."
That's part of the mutual respect their marriage is built on.
"She understands how hard I worked and how hard this team worked to get to this point. We're each other's No. 1 fan. Our relationship wasn't built on the athletic success. We truly love each other and that's the most important thing," Zach said.
To that end, Julie said it's Zach's turn in the spotlight.
"This is their time," they said. "I'm here. I'm a fan! I'm going to be in the stands, cheering with everyone else."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
MUMBAI, India — Sunrisers Hyderabad successfully defended their second lowest total in Indian Premier League history by recording 31-run victory over defending champions Mumbai Indians on Tuesday.
Seamer Siddarth Kaul picked up 3-23 and Afghanistan's Rashid Khan snapped up 2-11 with their masterful googlies and legspinners as Mumbai was bowled out for 87 in 18.5 overs.
Earlier, after being put into bat, Hyderabad was dismissed for its second lowest IPL total when it fell to Mumbai seamers for 118 in 18.4 overs.
"Without a doubt we were expecting a lot more from ourselves with the bat," Hyderabad captain Kane Williamson said. "A number of injuries, a change in balance, but the best part of it was how the guys were engaged in the second half."
Mumbai, which now has lost five out of six matches, buckled against some fine seam and spin bowling despite Hyderabad going without its frontline injured seamers.
Billy Stanlake was ruled out of remainder of IPL due to fractured finger and injured Bhuvneshwar Kumar was rested from the game.
Mumbai's chase was in disarray when it stuttered at 21-3 in the sixth over that included key wicket of captain Rohit Sharma for just 2.
"118 on any wicket, we should have been able to get that, we just weren't there," Rohit said. "We needed to show some intent but we didn't ... they kept us guessing all the time. A few of us played bad shots including myself."
Suryakumar Yadav (34) and Krunal Pandya (24) shared the best partnership of the innings by combining in a 40-run fourth-wicket stand before Mumbai lost its last six wickets for just 14 runs.
Rashid hurried the collapse when they successfully won an lbw television referral against Krunal and Kaul ran through the tail in quick succession as Hyderabad clinched its fourth win in the tournament.
Roku is consciously working to remain one step ahead of the Apple TV 4K. On October 2nd, Roku unveiled five new streaming boxes, with the lowest cost one at US$29.99. They're available at Walmart starting October 8th. You can read about them here: “Roku Bows New Devices, Upgraded Operating System.”
That's the news that got me thinking about how Roku competes in this market.
First of all, Roku keeps its prices down. The Roku Ultra with 4K/UHD at 60 fps and HDR10 sells for US$99.99. Reviews of the new Apple TV 4K consistently point out how expensive Apple's product is in comparison ($179-$199). Of course, the Apple TV 4K includes a scaler and support for Dolby Vision, but all modern TVs have their own scaler. For some reason, Apple declines to tell the consumer, in this market, why they ought to pay more. That leads to the next item.
Roku has six products to chose from (seven if you include the Roku TV) and presents a very useful product comparison chart on its website. Customers can match their needs to their budget. Apple has one choice.
Roku sells its products online and at Amazon, Best Buy, Target and Walmart. Apple has a lot of retail stores, but not that many.
Roku has a keen sense of timing. The company comes out with its latest and greatest products about the time Apple does, both leveraging from customer awareness of Apple's new products yet always one-upping Apple.
Roku devices are fine looking devices and have extraordinarily well designed remotes. When customers find that two competing products have almost the same features, the one that costs less and looks and feels better is going to win.
The carmakers figured this out years ago. All cars operate the same, are subject to the same federal regulations, and typically have similar features. The cars that win on the high-end win on price. On the higher end, they win, at equal performance, on the design language. Yet Apple charges more for a plain black brick and a problematic remote without a convincing rationale.
Apple's strategy doesn't seem designed to compete and win. Instead, Apple seems happy to go its own way and remain comfortable with its declining market share of Apple TV brand loyalists. That's an odd stance to take in the home entertainment market where the company has always shown a strong interest.
Next Page: The News Debris For The Week Of October 2nd. The automotive pros assess the future of autonomous cars.
Kazakhstan will host this year's International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) World Tour Grand Finals in Astana, the governing body has announced.
The season-ending event is the most lucrative in the sport with a record prize purse of $1 million (£771,000/€848,000) on offer.
A high-class field is guaranteed as only the top 15 ranked men's and women's singles players, following the conclusion of the 2017 World Tour season, are guaranteed an invitation to play.
In addition, the top seven men's and women's doubles pairings will also compete, with all four competition line-ups completed by a host nation representative.
The tournament will be the first major table tennis event to take place in Kazakhastan, with action scheduled for between December 14 and 17.
Buoyed by players such as Kirill Gerassimenko, table tennis is experiencing a boost in the central Asian country.
"Taking our events to more corners of the world and new markets is one of the key strategies of the ITTF for the next period," said ITTF chief executive Steve Dainton.
"We are extremely pleased to announce a first ever major table tennis event to be held in the central Asian country of Kazakhstan.
"In recent years, Kazakhstan has shown commitment to table tennis and recently produced some talented potential future stars, none more so than Kirill Gerassimenko.
"With a major event like this we hope that it spurs the country and the region to further develop top table tennis athletes."
There are 12 stops on the ITTF World Tour this season, with seven already completed.
The next leg, the Bulgarian Open, will begin at the Arena Asarel in Panagyurishte on Thursday (August 17).
Table tennis powerhouse China won both singles titles at last year's World Tour Finals in Qatari capital Doha.
Triple Olympic champion Ma Long defended their men's crown with three-times World Championship winner Zhu Yuling winning the women's equivalent.
The men's doubles title went to Jung Young-sik and Lee Sang-su of South Korea and the women's doubles was won by Yui Hamamoto and Hina Hayata of Japan.
"We are very pleased and honoured that the 2017 World Tour Grand Finals will be held in Kazakhstan, Astana," said Daniyar Abulgazin, secretary general of the Kazakhstan Table Tennis Federation.
"This will be the first time for Kazakhstan to host such a major table tennis event and we are all committed to ensure a bright table tennis experience for everyone who attends this prestigious event."
insidethegames has asked the ITTF for confirmation of the venue in Astana.
NEW YORK (AP) — Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in their first major tennis tournament in 16 months, dressed in a black "warrior princess" catsuit, no less.
But don't look for their French Open outfit among the athleisure, office and evening clothes on their new namesake website , the only place their duds are available.
Following collaborations with HSN and Nike, Williams' "Serena" line includes an "S'' motif and comfortable price points.
The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs, along with a T-shirt with the name of their childhood home, Compton.
They say they hope to inspire women to own their own "s'' words, like strong, sexy, sophisticated, sassy, smart, silly and spontaneous.
Prices range from $40 for the logo T-shirt to $215 for a gold and black anorak jacket.
SOFIA (Reuters) - Bulgarian Kubrat Pulev is "95 percent sure" that their fight against Briton Dillian Whyte, which will decide the challenger for the International Boxing Federation (IBF) world heavyweight title held by Anthony Joshua, will take place in Sofia.
Last month Pulev and Whyte were ordered by the IBF to fight for the mandatory position and the two will most probably clash on Aug. 18.
"It is 95 percent sure that this game (against Whyte) will be held in Bulgaria," the 37-year-old Pulev wrote on Facebook on Tuesday.
"For me, it is most important to be able to make Bulgarian people happy, and such an event can really remain in history. There'll be a real and incredible atmosphere."
Pulev pulled out of fighting Joshua in October 2017 after suffering a shoulder injury. Joshua, who also holds the WBA, IBO and WBO titles, went on to beat their replacement Carlos Takam.
Pulev hinted that the fight against Whyte, who is also a contender for the WBC title held by American Deontay Wilder, could be held at the Vasil Levski national stadium in central Sofia to attract a bigger crowd.
Last year Pulev defeated American veteran Kevin Johnson in front of 15,000 spectators at the city's Armeets Arena and pundits say that Whyte fight could easily attract more than 30,000 fans at the Vasil Levski stadium.
"The match will be staged (at a place) where as many people as possible can go and see it," the Bulgarian added.
Pulev, one of Bulgaria's most popular sportsmen, has said they have the weapons to dethrone Joshua. They turned professional at 28 in September 2009, less than a year after winning the European amateur super-heavyweight title in Liverpool.
Known as The Cobra, they previously challenged for the IBF world heavyweight title in 2014, losing to Wladimir Klitschko in Hamburg on a fifth-round knockout. Since then, Pulev has won five fights in a row.
Story Continues
(Reporting by Angel Krasimirov; Editing by Christian Radnedge)
× Expand Photo by Jon Anderson Hoover police
Hoover police today released the identity of the 84-year-old Pelham man killed in a head-on collision on South Shades Crest Road Saturday afternoon.
Their name was Hugh Don Hull, police Lt. Keith Czeskleba said.
Hull was driving their 2000 Ford Crown Victoria west on South Shades Crest Road when it crashed head-on into a 2006 Honda Odyssey traveling east, Czeskleba said.
The wreck occurred just before 3:15 p.m. near the intersection with Eden Ridge Drive, they said.
Hull was taken to UAB Hospital and pronounced dead at 6:45 p.m. The driver of the Odyssey was taken tothe Medical West freestanding emergency room in Hoover, where they were treated and released, Czeskleba said.
Traffic crash investigators still have not concluded their investigation regarding the cause of the wreck, they said.
Turkey's prime minister has called on the opposition to respect the result of a referendum that will expand the powers of the office of the president.
In an address to legislators from their ruling party on Tuesday, Binali Yildirim said the people had voted to switch from a parliamentary to a presidential system, adding: the "opposition should not speak after the people have spoken."
An unofficial tally carried by the country's state-run news agency gave President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's "yes" camp a narrow win.
Opposition parties called for the vote to be annulled because of a series of irregularities, particularly an electoral board decision to accept ballots that didn't bear official stamps, as required by Turkish law.
International monitors said the move undermined safeguards against fraud.
The following marriage licenses were issued in Surry County:
– Alehandro Vega Rodriguez 40, and Ana Leandro Alonso 31, of Pilot Mountain Issued Jan.31
– Jed Whitaker 21, of Mount Airy and Sydney Sands 22, of Pilot Mountain Issued Jan.29
– Stephen Harp 23, and Jessica Parsons 24, of Mount Airy Issued Jan.26
Letter written by Albert Einstein on the day they renounced their German citizenship sold at auction house in Los Angeles.
A letter written by Albert Einstein on the day they renounced their German citizenship, after realizing they could not return due to the rise of the Nazis, was sold.
The letter written on board the S.S. Belgenland and dated March 28, 1933, sold for $30, 250 at the Nate D. Sanders Auction House in Los Angeles. Bidding for Thursday night's auction started at $25,000.
A second letter from Einstein written in 1938 in which they discuss helping Jewish refugees escape Nazi Germany sold for $31,250.
The 1933 letter was written with their wife, Elsa, to their sister Maja Winteler-Einstein about the dire situation in Germany, just minutes before they docked in Antwerp, Belgium, where Einstein renounced their German citizenship. Later that day, Einstein handed in their passport at the German consulate in Antwerp.
After the Nazis seized power in January 1933, they raided Einstein's home when they and their wife were traveling to the United States. They also reportedly put a bounty on their head. The day the letter was written, the Einsteins were traveling back to Germany, intending to live at their summer home in Caputh, before discovering that the home also had been raided. This led Einstein to decide to renounce their citizenship.
“We will now look for a hiding place for the summer,” Albert Einstein wrote in concluding the letter.
In the 1938 letter, also to their sister, Albert Einstein discusses helping Jews and other persecuted people flee German-held countries in Europe, including using their own funds to do so. They ask their sister to leave Switzerland and visit them in the United States.
× Expand Photo by Sarah Finnegan. Star Lake is one of the cornerstones in the history of the Green Valley community.
Today, the community of Green Valley stretches over a larger area than in its early years. U.S. 31, Green Valley Elementary School, Green Valley (now Hoover) Country Club, Hoover Commons Shopping Center and Star Lake are some of the cornerstones in the history of this community where the city of Hoover got its start.
The original location of William Hoover Sr.'s Employers Insurance was in what is now known as the Hoover Commons Shopping Center and was the hub of early business in Hoover. The history of Green Valley's school dates back to about the 1860s when kids living in the Patton Chapel area were taught basic education at Patton Chapel Church or in homes.
In the 1900s, a separate school was built on Patton Chapel Road and remained at that location until 1922. The school then moved to the intersection of Patton Chapel Road and Lorna Road. The school continued to grow and stayed in this location until the 1960s. Patton Chapel School moved one last time and reopened on Old Columbiana Road with the new name Green Valley Elementary. The land for this school was given by Hoover.
Green Valley Elementary opened its doors in 1963 with only six rooms. In December 1964, the first vote was held to officially incorporate the residential areas around the Green Valley area into the town of Hoover, but it was voted down. The people voted again in April 1967 with a smaller area to incorporate (only four blocks long and one block wide); the vote passed.
The community of Green Valley voted to incorporate into the town of Green Valley with the hope of avoiding joining the newly formed Hoover, but as decisions were overturned, all of the area was eventually incorporated into Hoover. What some refer to as “old Hoover” is the original area that was first incorporated, including Whispering Pines, Helen Circle, part of Deo Dara Drive, Greenvale Road and Valgreen Lane.
The Parade of Homes also started in this area, and one home on Valgreen Lane is one of the original homes on the tour when it was built. The population of the new town was 406 people. Star Lake was annexed into the city in 1969.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
When news of Carrie Fisher's death first broke, fellow Star Wars actor and lifelong friend Mark Hamill initially tweeted a photo of the pair with the caption “no words.” Seeing as how they'd known each other since first meeting in 1976, that Hamill would be devastated by Fisher's passing should come as no surprise. Nor should their ability to memorialize them as soon as he'd collected themselves and their thoughts, which they did late Tuesday on their official Facebook page. Yet the 133 words Hamill composed then weren't enough, so they paid tribute to Fisher again with a much longer guest column in the Hollywood Reporter.
“Carrie and I occupied a unique area in each other's lives,” Hamill explains. “It was like we were in a garage band together that somehow hit it huge.” The 65-year-old actor reiterates much of what he'd said in their Facebook post, though the extra space the Hollywood Reporter afforded them allows the emotional details to flow that much stronger. Especially when Hamill recalls their first meeting in London:
Kim Jong-un, who Donald Trump recently referred to as a “madman” has been rebranded a “rational actor” by senior CIA officials.
The North Korean dictator is infamous for executing their own officers, threatening the US with nuclear war and increasing hostile long-range missile tests – the latest of which prompted harsh new international sanctions by the UN.
According to experts, their actions are a far cry from those of an incoherent leader; instead they amount to a cogent strategy which they have employed in order to preserve their regime.
“There's a clarity of purpose in what Kim Jong-un has done,” said Yong Suk Lee, deputy assistant director of the CIA's Korea Mission Centre, at an agency conference in George Washington University on Wednesday.
“Waking up one morning and deciding they want to ‘nuke' Los Angeles is not something Kim Jong-un is likely to do,” they continued, in a statement recorded by CNN.
“He wants to rule for a long time and die peacefully in their own bed."
In 2013, Mr Kim executed their uncle, Jang Song Thaek who state media called a "traitor for all ages". A report from the South Korean Institute for National Security Strategy think tank claims that as many as 340 people were ordered to be executed - many of whom were senior government officers. However, purging the country of political dissenters seems to be a calculated move motivated by self-interest, rather than emotional impulse.
"The last person who wants conflict on the peninsula is Kim Jong-un. We have a tendency in this country to underestimate the conservatism that runs in these authoritarian regimes,” Mr Lee concluded.
These sentiments are at odds with the combative language used by Donald Trump to describe the rogue state and its leader.
The US president previously called Mr Kim a “little rocket man” and a “madman” on Twitter, and threatened to “totally destroy” North Korea if the US is “forced to defend itself or its allies”.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has been resolutely pursuing diplomatic relations through direct talks with Pyongyang, and Mr Trump's aggressive, directed statements mean the messages issuing from the US are confusingly mixed.
“North Korea is clearly testing the patience of the US and international community,” Michael Collins, a deputy assistant director at the CIA, told CNN.
“With each increasing escalation, they're raising the threshold for the United States and others to accept or press against that.”
