April 20 Biomerieux SA:
* Consolidated sales rose to 568 million euros ($609.18 million) for the first three months of 2017, up from 489 million euros in the same period one year earlier Source text: bit.ly/2piknxJ Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9324 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom:)
ROME, April 6 A shock vote by members of Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni's coalition is threatening the stability of their four-month-old government and to stymie negotiations for a new electoral law.
Members of the coalition broke ranks in a secret ballot to elect a member of another party to a key parliamentary committee on Wednesday. It was Gentiloni's worst setback since they took office in December and bode poorly for the future, political commentators said.
La Stampa daily spoke of a "wind of crisis" buffeting the government that could affect its staying power until the next scheduled national elections next year. La Repubblica said the result had left the government "trembling" and "on the edge of a crisis".
Gentiloni has been struggling to keep their faction-ridden Democratic Party (PD) together since they took office, and the setback could affect the timing of agreement on a new electoral law ahead of the next national polls.
"Full-blown government crisis?," asked Wolfgang Munchau, an analyst writing in the UK-based Eurointelligence Professional Briefing. "The vote threatens the end of the coalition ... and could lead to further political fragmentation."
Ruling coalition members had agreed ahead of time to vote for Giorgio Pagliari as head of the Chamber of Deputies constitutional affairs committee but they lost by a large margin in the secret ballot to Salvatore Torrisi, of the Popular Alliance, a party headed by Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano.
The tally, made public just after it was taken, meant as many as five members of Gentiloni's coalition, or about one-fifth of the members, secretly voted with the opposition 5-star movement and former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia party.
The post of head of the constitutional affairs committee is important because it would play a key role in changing the country's electoral law before the natural end of the legislature next year.
"It appears that a coalition of small parties and PD dissidents are trying to block an electoral reform that could see their influence greatly reduced," Munchau said.
Former prime minister Matteo Renzi quit in December after suffering a heavy defeat in a referendum on constitutional reform.
They have called for a leadership contest in the PD and supports early elections, arguing the debt-laden country needs a new political impetus. The PD is due to hold primaries for a new leader on April 30 and a congress in May.
The anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, which among other things wants a referendum on membership of the euro currency, is also eager for early elections, with opinion polls showing it neck-and-neck with the centre-left PD, well ahead of other opposition parties. (Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
April 5 Shanghai La Chapelle Fashion Co Ltd
* Unit entered into share purchase agreement with BMT on 5 april 2017
* LCEM has agreed to subscribe for new shares to be issued by bmt on terms and conditions set forth in share purchase agreement
* Aggregate consideration payable by lcem to bmt for investment is rmb15 million
* Legend Minzhi and other investors has entered or will enter into a share purchase agreement with BMT
* Share purchase agreement with BMT to subscribe for new shares on or around date of share purchase agreement
* BMT shall issue and allot to lcem the new shares at a per-share price of rmb13.96 Source (bit.ly/2o9rSpj) Further company coverage:
Bloggers and Instagrammers are buzzing about going 'lectin-free', but are they as bad for you as people say?
The world of dieting can be a pretty confusing place to navigate. One month you're told to cut out dairy and carbs in a virtuous clean eating effort, and the next you're ditching solid foods altogether in favour of liquid lunches and juice cleanse breakfasts.
Just when we thought the path to downsizing waistbands couldn't get more complicated, there's a new weight loss enemy to get acquainted with. They're called lectins and, according to one cardiologist-turned-wellness guru, they could be the reason why you're struggling to shift those stubborn extra winter pounds.
In their book, The Plant Paradox, Steven Gundry, M.D., claims that lectins are “highly toxic” proteins that can promote fat storage. Even more worryingly, Gundry explains that lectins are hiding in many foods that you probably always thought were good for dieting, like wholegrains, beans, nightshade vegetables, legumes, nuts and seeds.
Confused? Us too. We caught up with Rob Hobson, head of nutrition at Healthspan and author of Cheats & Eats to give us the 411 on lectins and tell us if they really are bad for us…
So tell us, what exactly are lectins?
Lectins are a family of carbohydrate-binding proteins found in many foods, especially legumes and grains. Even though they occur in many foods only around a third of those we eat contain them in any significant amounts. These proteins have several functions in the body such as helping cells and molecules stick to each other and immunity.
Where can you find them?
Legumes (including beans, soybeans and peanuts) and grains contain the most lectins, followed by dairy, seafood and plants in the nightshade family. It's not clear why they are in plants but could be as a protective mechanism to stop them being eaten.
Why are people avoiding them?
Animals and humans alike are vulnerable to the toxicity of lectins. Concentrated amounts can cause digestive issues and long-term health problems. They are difficult to digest and disrupt the body's routine maintenance of cells, so the everyday wear-and-tear that occurs in the intestine gradually worsens, which is why they cause digestive distress. It has been claimed by some that lectins cause increased gut permeability and drive autoimmune disease.
Is it safe to eat them?
The most-researched lectins are phytohemagglutinins, found in legumes like red kidney beans. Eating raw red kidney beans can cause severe abdominal pain, vomiting and diarrhoea. But remember: we don't eat raw beans and boiling them removes almost all of the lectins. Soaking and sprouting also removes lectins as does fermenting, which allows friendly bacteria to digest them.
Most lectin-containing foods are very nutritious being high in fibre, protein and essential vitamins and minerals. Although lectins may be toxic in large doses, but we as humans don't eat them in large amounts and given that you can eliminate lectins by cooking foods like legumes, I see no reason to eliminate them from your diet as the nutritional benefits outweigh the negatives.
However, people with autoimmune or digestive problems may respond well to a diet that excludes most lectins, including those from dairy, eggs and plants of the nightshade family. This must be done carefully to avoid missing out on essential nutrients.
© Press Association 2018
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
RIYDAH - The global renown of billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal made their involuntary detention in early November at Riyadh's Ritz-Carlton hotel one of the biggest single shocks of Saudi Arabia's anti-corruption crackdown.
The campaign, led by powerful Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, swept up nearly 400 members of the kingdom's political and business elite. Authorities estimated financial settlements from the accused would net about $100 billion.
In late January, a BBC broadcast featured a Canadian business person who said they had spoken with the prince via video link and that the prince appeared to be sitting in jail rather than at the five-star hotel. Saudi Arabia's authorities had converted the hotel into a luxury prison where hundreds of the kingdom's wealthiest figures were being held.
Reuters reached out to Saudi authorities for comment; they denied the allegations. Then, they invited us to see Prince Alwaleed at the Ritz for ourselves.
The interview was arranged within hours. At 1:00 a.m. on Jan. 27, a government car picked me up and drove me through the hotel's massive front gates. It was the first time I had seen them open in nearly three months.
After a brief wait and a tour of the hotel's empty facilities, I was escorted to an ornate sixth-floor suite where Prince Alwaleed was waiting.
Officials told me not to film outside the suite or catch any of them on camera. No conditions were placed on the interview itself.
FILE PHOTO: A view shows part of the suite where Saudi Arabian billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has been detained, at the Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia January 27, 2018. REUTERS/Katie Paul/File Photo
The prince promptly took control, ushering me into the office and enthusiastically granting permission to film. The officials exited the room, leaving only the two of us throughout our 25-minute discussion.
Prince Alwaleed said they had been treated well during their time at the Ritz.
They took a defiant stance on the accusations of corruption, saying that they were innocent and that they were certain they would emerge from the process in full control of their assets and their company, Kingdom Holding.
It is impossible to know if Prince Alwaleed was truly free to speak their mind, given that they were still in detention as part of an extrajudicial legal process.
They appeared thin, but they were confident and upbeat, even making jokes as they took me on a tour of the suite. They smiled broadly and insisted that we take a photo together.
I recorded our exchange on my iPhone, propped up by a golden tissue box and a water bottle on their desk.
Hours later, the prince was released.
Reuters interview with Prince Alwaleed bin Talal at goo.gl/gS4Zsn
Barry Geraghty is set for another lengthy injury lay-off after breaking their arm in a fall at Fairyhouse on Monday.
Geraghty, who only recently returned from lung and rib injuries which forced them to miss the Cheltenham Festival, was riding Minella Foru in the BoyleSports Irish Grand National.
The pair fell at the eighth, bringing down Arbre De Vie, and Geraghty could be seen holding their arm.
They missed the winning ride on the Joseph O'Brien-trained Slowmotion in the following race and was taken to hospital for X-rays.
Turf Club medical officer Dr Adrian McGoldrick later confirmed Geraghty would have surgery on their fractured left humerus on Tuesday.
They said: “It is the same injury they suffered last year (following a fall from Cernunnos at Market Rasen in July), but on the other side.  They are looking at three months out and will have surgery tomorrow.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
America's Top Dog Model celebrates twelve-year anniversary with the launch of their exciting new signature lifestyle products!
Dog Collection Final
Contact
The Jo Jo Companies
***@aol.com The Jo Jo Companies
End
-- America's Top Dog Model's signature lifestyle collection is inspired by their twelve national winners, comprising napkins, coasters, and pillows with more products in development!The collection consists of whimsical illustrations featuring America's Top Dog Models over the past twelve years including Linda, Mia, Daphne Simone, Maia, Dudley, Giana, Hellen, Moo, Johnny B. Goode, Rose, Peaches, and Pearl. The line is available in America's Top Dog Model online store and future select specialty retailers. This luxury lifestyle line is the go-to collection for dog lovers, those who enjoy entertaining and it is perfect for celebrating the upcoming 2018 "Year of the Dog."About America's Top Dog Model ®America's Top Dog Model luxury brand is based on the national contest launched in 2005. The company's mission is to "celebrate dogs that make a difference in people's lives." The brand has expanded into creating its own products, events, model management, and entertainment.
April 6 Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc-
* Imprimis Pharmaceuticals acquires exclusive license to patented ophthalmic formulation for dry eye disease
* Imprimis Pharmaceuticals - under terms of agreement, imprimis will pay lindstrom an upfront fee, milestone payments, and royalty payments on product sales
* Imprimis Pharmaceuticals- under terms of agreement, imprimis will pay lindstrom upfront fee, milestone payments, royalty payments on product sales Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
The headquarters of Germany's Deutsche Bank are seen early evening in Frankfurt, Germany January 31, 2017. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
FILE PHOTO: The Deutsche Bank logo is pictured at a branch in Frankfurt, Germany, September 30, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK The U.S. Federal Reserve on Thursday fined Deutsche Bank AG (DBKGn.DE) $156.6 million for violating foreign exchange rules and running afoul of the Volcker Rule.
The German bank failed to detect and halt its traders from using chat rooms to communicate with competitors, the Fed said in a statement.
Central bank officials are "requiring the firm to cooperate in any investigation of the individuals involved in the conduct underlying the FX enforcement," according to the statement.
In a statement, the bank said, "we are pleased to resolve these civil enforcement matters with the Federal Reserve."
The Fed also said it found gaps in Deutsche Bank compliance with the Volcker Rule, which prohibits government-protected banks from engaging in proprietary trading.
The foreign exchange violations were discovered during a four-year-old review of dealings at the bank, the Fed said in a consent order reached with Deutsche Bank.
The bank agreed to improve its oversight of foreign exchange trades as part of the agreement with the Fed.
Deutsche still faces a probe by New York's Department of Financial Services into whether its automated trading platform was programed to manipulate foreign exchange rates, a person familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
The New York regulator has been investigating whether the bank used algorithms on trading platforms to front-run or otherwise take advantage of clients.
Renee Calabro, a spokesperson for Deutsche, declined to comment on the status of the New York probe.
Deutsche was not sanctioned in earlier global probes of foreign exchange manipulation. It was among a handful of banks that settled with Brazil's antitrust watchdog Cade in December.
But the U.S. Department of Justice, UK's Financial Conduct Authority and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission all declined to bring actions against Deutsche, while other banks were hammered for failing to stop traders on the spot market from trying to rig foreign exchange rates.
Seven banks have paid authorities in the United States and Europe a total of more than $10 billion, and some pleaded guilty to criminal charges.
Transcripts of traders communicating in online chat rooms that led to earlier settlements show them working together to move rates, which are used daily by everyone from investment houses to tourists buying foreign currencies on vacation.
(Reporting By Patrick Rucker in Washington and Karen Freifeld in New York; editing by Jonathan Oatis and David Gregorio)
BERLIN Negotiations on Britain's departure from the European Union must not undermine peace in Northern Ireland and there can be no "hard border" between the British province and the Irish Republic, Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny said on Thursday.
"Whatever happens in the Brexit negotiations, nothing should undermine the peace and stability ... in Northern Ireland, which has taken so long to achieve and in which the European Union has played such an important part," Kenny said in Berlin.
"As demonstrated by recent developments, the peace and stability there remains in a fragile state," they added before meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel. "It is therefore critical that there is no return to a hard border," they said.
A political crisis has gripped Northern Ireland since Irish nationalist party Sinn Fein in January pulled out of devolved government, the cornerstone of peace in the province for almost two decades.
No one is predicting the political impasse might pitch Northern Ireland back into the violence between Catholic nationalists and Protestant unionists that killed 3,600 people in three decades before the 1998 peace deal.
But the impasse may increase sectarian tensions and freeze decision-making as Britain prepares to leave the EU, creating a land border with the EU in Ireland. The last time devolved government collapsed, it took five years to reinstate it.
"This is also about issues of peace and security," Merkel said of Brexit, with a nod to Northern Ireland, and promised "with all due care to help our member state Ireland".
The chancellor said the remaining 27 EU states would take a constructive approach to the Brexit talks and protect their interests, "but we also want to remain good partners"."
(Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Noah Barkin/Jeremy Gaunt)
BRIEF- Showcase- TV to buy GALAXY for 140 mln yen
* Says it will acquire 100 percent stake in GALAXY Inc, which is engaged in on-demand publishing business and media business, for 140 million yen
Nigerian family who had just arrived from Cameroon is seen at the IDP camp at Banki, Borno, Nigeria April 26, 2017. Picture taken April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
Bukar Abdilkadir with their eight children, two wivies, mother and octogenarian father seen after two weeks on arrival at the IDP camp at Banki, Borno, Nigeria April 26, 2017. Picture taken April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
A family seen within their straw grass home at the IDP camp at Gamboru, Borno, Nigeria April 27, 2017. Picture taken April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
Nigerian returnees from Niger are seen at the Kukawa border upon arrival in Damasak, Borno, Nigeria April 25, 2017. Picture taken April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
A mason is seen doing plastering works on a school wall in Damasak, Borno, Nigeria April 25, 2017. Picture taken April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
Bukar Abdilkadir with their eight children, two wivies, mother and octogenarian father seen after two weeks on arrival at the IDP camp at Banki, Borno, Nigeria April 26, 2017. Picture taken April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
Octogenarian father of Bukar Abdulkadir seen at the IDP camp at Banki, Borno, Nigeria April 26, 2017. Picture taken April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
A boy opens their mouth for a bite on a food supplement provided to children at the Banki IDP camp, Borno, Nigeria April 26, 2017. Picture taken April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
A family is seen with a package of food supplement received from World Food Programme (WFP) at the Banki IDP camp, in Borno, Nigeria April 26, 2017. Picture taken April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
A woman carries a box of food supplement provided by World Food Programme (WFP) at the Banki IDP camp, in Borno, Nigeria April 26, 2017. Picture taken April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
FILE PHOTO: Nigerian returnees from Niger wait to be processed by the Nigeria Immigration service in Damasak, Borno, Nigeria April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde/File Photo
A Nigerian returnee from Niger adjusts their baby on their back while waiting to be processed by the Nigeria Immigration service in Damasak, Borno, Nigeria April 25, 2017. Picture taken April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
A woman, with a hand cut off, is seen with a food ration card in a queue to receive food supplement from World Food Programme (WFP) at the Banki IDP camp, Borno, Nigeria April 26, 2017. Picture taken April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
A family is pictured in their straw grass home at the IDP camp at Gamboru, Borno, Nigeria April 27, 2017. Picture taken April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
BANKI, Nigeria When they heard that the Nigerian army had declared their family's home town of Banki free from Boko Haram militants and safe to return, Bukar Abdulkadir did all they could to bring their family back to the place they had fled three years ago.
It took nine months of hunger, selling most of the food rations they received at their refugee camp in Cameroon, to save up for the cost of a two-day journey in a lorry container back across the border into northern Nigeria.
But instead of returning to till the familiar fields of home, they came back to a desolate wasteland littered with the rubble of destroyed buildings and burnt cars, where they were herded into a crowded camp by soldiers.
The once thriving town, which the army retook in September 2015, has been razed to the ground. Along with some 32,000 other homeless inhabitants, Abdulkadir's family are now confined to the camp amid the ruins, guarded by troops who do not let them out unescorted, officially to protect them from explosives strewn across farmland.
"I can't provide for my family because I can't farm," said Abdulkadir. "If the market opened I could do something to make their lives better," they added in a voice cracking with emotion as they gazed at their children.
Nigeria's security forces have succeeded in recapturing most of the territory once held by Boko Haram Islamist militants after years of an insurgency in which civilians were often the targets. But instead of bringing a joyous end to the conflict, the victories have revealed communities gripped by hunger.
Some 4.7 million people in northeast Nigeria depend on food aid, some of which is blocked by militant attacks, some held up by a lack of funding and some, diplomats say, stolen before it can reach those in need.
Millions of Nigerians may soon be in peril if the situation deteriorates, as authorities expect, when the five-month rainy season begins in May and makes farming impossible in areas that are now accessible.
This part of Nigeria is the western edge of an arc of hunger stretching across the breadth of Africa through South Sudan, Somalia and into Yemen on the Arabian peninsula. The United Nations believes as many as 20 million people are in danger in what could become the world's worst famine for decades.
ALREADY BROKEN
"This camp is already broken," said a field worker responsible for food distribution to children at the camp in Banki, asking not to be identified while they discussed the conditions endured by residents of the destroyed town.
Three hundred women and children were queuing for water in the scorching sun. Fatima Mallam, a widowed mother of three, said they had to wait five hours. The field worker said that was now normal for the camp. There are only 14 working boreholes to provide water for the 32,000 people.
"When the rainy season comes there is likely to be an outbreak of cholera and other diseases because people defecate in the open," the worker said.
Lured by news of the army retaking territory lost to Boko Haram, some 152,000 people like Abdulkadir and their family have returned from neighbouring Cameroon and Niger since the start of the year, according to the U.N. refugee agency.
But as Boko Haram continues to stage suicide bombings and hit-and-run attacks, most end up in already stretched camps unable to resume farming, the main activity in the northeast.
Thousands of others are arriving in camps daily from parts of the northeast where the army, aided by troops from neighbouring countries, has pushed the Islamist militants out of most of the territory they controlled until early 2015.
At another northeastern camp, in Gamboru-Ngala, army units were trying to accommodate a new influx of thousands.
"We only have four nurses and one medical doctor to cater for this number of people so it is not enough to deal with their medical challenges," said Army Lieutenant Colonel Patrick Omoke.
"There is no secondary health facility in the whole of Ngala local government," they said. "A lot of people come in - shelter is a major challenge now."
Aid agencies and military officials say the rainy season, beginning in the next few weeks, will make many roads impassable, increasing the dependence on food aid as farming halts and the movement of goods becomes restricted.
Cesar Tishilombo, who heads the sub-office of the U.N. refugee agency in Maiduguri, a state capital, said up to three million people were at risk of famine in areas recently recaptured from Boko Haram. Aid agencies working in Nigeria faced a funding crisis, they said.
"The pledge has been $1 billion plus. People have pledged but the promises are not translating into cash," they said, adding that their agency had received just $11 million of the $70 million it had requested.
Western diplomats say corruption and government mismanagement are partly to blame for the failure of aid to reach those in need.
"Nobody knows who is in control," said one diplomat, describing overlapping systems of authority at the local, state and federal levels that make it difficult to organise aid.
"There is corruption at every level, from drivers up to state and federal government," said another diplomat, adding by way of example that 12 trucks might leave a depot with food aid and only two arrive at distribution centres to feed the hungry.
A spokesperson for President Muhammadu Buhari declined to comment on the assertions of corruption in aid deliveries, but the president has acknowledged that graft is a serious problem hindering recovery in areas recaptured from the militants.
Last month the authorities launched an investigation into allegations that funds allocated to contractors to help rebuild the insurgency-hit region had been misused. The presidency said the investigation was linked to another probe into $43 million in cash found in a flat in the commercial capital Lagos.
(Additional reporting by Felix Onuah and Paul Carsten in Abuja; editing by Peter Graff)
April 28 Scorpio Gold Corp:
* Scorpio Gold says gold and silver production for Mineral Ridge Operation in Q1 2017 totalled 5,741 ounces and 2,854 ounces, respectively
* Lower metal production in Q1 2017 is attributed to fewer tons being mined and processed from existing pits Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON The United States military is still able to deconflict operations with Russia over Syria, a U.S. military spokesperson said on Monday, but it was unclear how that was happening.
On Friday, Interfax news agency, citing a Russian Defense Ministry spokesperson, said Russia had notified the Pentagon it would close down a communication line used to avoid accidental clashes in Syria.
"We have continued to deconflict as necessary with the Russians because whenever we are flying we have to use all the available means to make sure that we don't have any mid-air incidents. That particular line and how it is used, we are not talking about it," U.S. Central Command spokesperson Colonel John Thomas told reporters.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by James Dalgleish)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of French hotel operator AccorHotels is seen on top of the building company's headquarters in Issy-les-Moulineaux near Paris, France, April 22, 2016. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes/File Photo
PARIS AccorHotels (ACCP.PA) faces a battle at its annual shareholder meeting on Friday as a group of investors tries to block the granting of double voting rights to some long-term shareholders.
Europe's largest hotel group has seen some big changes in its shareholder base recently, with investors from China, Saudi Arabia and Qatar now holding a combined 29 percent stake.
Soon, these shareholders - which include Chinese competitor Shanghai Jin Jiang (600754.SS) - could qualify for double voting rights under rules adopted by the French company.
Critics, including French shareholder advisory group Proxinvest, say that would give them more control over the company without having to pay a premium for that advantage.
Proxinvest is advising a group of 14 shareholders, led by Paris-based investment firm PhiTrust and representing 2.3 percent of AccorHotels's capital, which has filed a proposal to block the further granting of double voting rights.
Big investor advisory groups Glass Lewis and Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) have backed that proposal.
"Only respecting the 'one share-one vote' principle could prevent one of the new major shareholders, notably the Chinese competitor Jin Jiang which for the time being is still denied a seat on the board, from weighing in on group decisions without having to launch a takeover bid," said Proxinvest.
AccorHotels declined to comment.
ONE SHARE, ONE VOTE
Jin Jiang is Accor's biggest investor with 12.58 percent of the shares and 11.22 percent of the voting rights, having built its stake since late 2015.
French media reports in June 2016 that the Chinese firm could gradually seek to gain more control over Accor drove President Francois Hollande to state publicly that AccorHotels should retain a diverse group of shareholders.
The Qatar Investment Authority (QIA) owns a 10.36 percent stake and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding a 5.79 percent stake since summer 2016. They also each have a board seat, following Accor's takeover of luxury hotels group Fairmont Raffles (FRHI).
Last month, AccorHotels' board rejected the Proxinvest group's proposal to reinstate the 'one share, one vote' principle - known as 'Proposal A' - saying it wanted to foster loyalty and stability among shareholders.
In protest, Proxinvest has withdrawn its support for resolutions to re-elect Chairman and CEO Sebastien Bazin to the board and to appoint former French President Nicolas Sarkozy as a board member.
Proposal A will be submitted to a shareholder vote on May 5, but not as one approved by the company's board. It needs a two-thirds majority to be approved.
(Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Mark Potter)
* Formal Brexit process begins
* Sterling under pressure
* Stocks regain footing
By Jamie McGeever
LONDON, March 29 European shares drifted lower on Wednesday, while sterling battled back from a one-week low and regained its composure amid the drama of Britain formally triggering its exit process from the European Union.
The pound was the biggest loser on major currency markets as European trading got underway. But it clawed back almost all its losses after a draft EU document made no mention of the possibility that the two sides will fail to strike a deal.
"What is priced in at the moment is a hard Brexit, so if there is something being constructed by the EU that is a little softer, that would send sterling sharply higher," said Mizuho's head of hedge fund FX sales, Neil Jones.
Prime Minister Theresa May will notify EU Council President Donald Tusk in a letter that Britain really is quitting the bloc it joined in 1973, pitching the United Kingdom into the unknown and triggering years of uncertain negotiations.
The start of the formal Brexit process comes a day after the Scottish Parliament backed a bid to hold a second independence referendum that could break up the UK, adding another layer of uncertainty for investors to navigate.
The longer term picture may be a more volatile one.
"Sterling will be incredibly sensitive to negotiations and will offer a clear gauge of how things are panning out. We could see it move lower still if negotiations take a sour turn - $1.10 is feasible," said Neil Wilson, senior markets analyst at ETX Capital.
Sterling hit a one-week low of $1.2378 earlier, but was last trading down 0.1 percent against the dollar at $1.2432.
Elsewhere in currencies, the euro was down a fifth of one percent at $1.0793 and the dollar was down slightly against the yen at 111 yen.
The dollar bounced from 4-month lows as a top Federal Reserve official talked of more rate hikes to come. Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer, one of the more influential policymakers with markets, said two more rate increases this year seemed "about right".
WALL STREET RECOVERY
In stocks the leading index of 300 European shares gave up all its early gains to trade down 0.1 percent at 1,486 points, while Germany's DAX halved its gains to trade up 0.3 percent.
Britain's FTSE 100 fell 0.2 percent as sterling bounced back from its one-week low.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.3 percent and back toward recent 21-month peaks, while Japan's Nikkei added 0.1 percent.
The Dow Jones snapped an eight-day losing streak on Tuesday, its longest run of losses since 2011, in part as a survey showed consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high.
S&P 500 futures pointed to a flat open on Wall Street.
"Economic fundamentals still remain exceedingly sound here in 2017 and you do not need Trump's pro-growth fiscal agenda for this to be one of the best years for growth since the recovery started," argued Tom Porcelli, chief U.S. economist at RBC Capital Markets.
"We still think tax reform happens, but you are better off thinking about the timing as an end of year event at best."
In commodity markets, oil prices gained after a severe disruption to Libyan oil supplies and as officials suggested the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producers could extend output cuts to the end of the year.
U.S. crude CLc1 added 0.4 percent to $48.57 a barrel, while Brent rose 0.5 percent to $51.57.
Spot gold was little changed at $1,251 an ounce.
(Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney and Jemima Kelly in London; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Dennis Edwards, the lead singer of Motown group The Temptations, has died. They were 74 years old.
Edwards, a native of Detroit, died Friday in Chicago according to Variety. Edwards' family confirmed their death to CBS.
Edwards joined the The Temptations in 1968. Though they aren't an original member of the group, they sang lead vocals on some of the band's biggest hits, including "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" and "I Can't Get Next to You."
They stayed with band until 1977, and later returned in 1980.
Edwards would have turned 75 on Saturday.
More on this as it develops.
U.S. President Donald Trump meets with NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon (L), National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus (R) attend a joint news conference between U.S. President Donald Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg hold a joint news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump listens during a joint news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg hold in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg hold a joint news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg hold a joint news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg hold a joint news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg hold a joint news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria - RTX35BBG
White House Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategy Dina Powell, Chief Strategist Steve Bannon, National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus (L-R) attend a joint news conference between U.S. President Donald Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
A chair with a name tag for White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon is seen prior to a news conference between U.S. President Donald Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg at the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon (R) and National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster arrive for a joint news conference between U.S. President Donald Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus attends a joint news conference between U.S. President Donald Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
White House National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster (C) and Chief Strategist Steve Bannon (L) attend a joint news conference between U.S. President Donald Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) arrives at a joint news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that NATO is not obsolete, as they had declared on the campaign trail last year, but said NATO members still need to pay their fair share for the European security umbrella.
At a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, Trump thanked NATO members for their support of their decision last Thursday to launch 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian airfield in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack on civilians and said it was time to end Syria's civil war.
"I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete," Trump said, adding that the Transatlantic alliance was adapting to the broader mission against Islamic militants that they had urged.
Stoltenberg said they had an excellent and productive meeting in the Oval Office with Trump.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by James Dalgleish)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
President of the Chamber of Deputies Rodrigo Maia gestures during a meeting of the Pension Reform Commission with Brazil's president Michel Temer at the Planalto Palace in Brasilia, Brazil, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
President of the Chamber of Deputies Rodrigo Maia (L) speaks with Brazil's president Michel Temer near Brazil's Chief of Staff Minister Eliseu Padilha (R) during a meeting of the Pension Reform Commission at the Planalto Palace in Brasilia, Brazil, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Minister of the General Secretary of the Presidency of Brazil, Wellington Moreira Franco (C) attends a meeting of the Pension Reform Commission with Brazil's president Michel Temer at the Planalto Palace in Brasilia, Brazil, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
BRASILIA A Supreme Court justice dealt President Michel Temer and Brazil's political elite a heavy blow on Tuesday by ordering investigations into eight cabinet ministers and dozens of lawmakers allegedly linked to the country's biggest corruption scandal.
The list of names under investigation released by Justice Edson Fachin read like a Who's Who of Brazilian politics, tarnishing past statesmen and potential presidential candidates alike.
The list, whose contents had been subject to furious speculation and a number of leaks, became public when Fachin lifted the seal on plea bargain testimony from 77 employees of construction company Odebrecht [ODBES.UL], which has admitted paying millions of dollars in bribes.
In São Paulo, residents banged pots and pans in protest against political corruption, while in the capital Brasilia deputies left a session in the lower house earlier in the day as news of the list began to break.
The investigation into eight ministers, or nearly a third of the president's cabinet, poses a serious threat to Temer's efforts to pass austerity reforms that they say are needed to regain investor confidence and lift the economy out of its worst recession on record.
Temer's office declined to comment.
"More than having eight ministers on the list, the biggest problem for the government is seeing its whole political nucleus there," said Danilo Gennari, partner with Brasilia-based consultancy Distrito Relações Governamentais, referring to the implication of key government allies.
Among that core is Temer's chief of staff Eliseu Padilha, an experienced politician considered key in negotiations with Congress to pass the administration's crucial pension reform.
Padilha said they will defend themselves in court.
RISK OF INSTITUTIONAL PARALYSIS
Temer's ministers of foreign affairs, trade and agriculture also are under investigation, as well as the heads of both houses of Brazil's Congress and former presidents Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff.
"The political crisis will deepen and we risk an institutional paralysis because the entire Brazilian political system is under question," opposition senator Jorge Viana, who is under investigation himself, said in a statement.
It also throws into doubt the credibility of a number of potential presidential candidates for elections in 2018, with some of the most commonly mentioned names under investigation. PSDB party leader Aecio Neves and former Foreign Minister Jose Serra are cited on Fachin's list, with a possible investigation of São Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin referred to a lower court.
Temer has vowed to suspend ministers who are charged and dismiss any if indicted.
Aides close to Temer have told Reuters that it could take months for ministers to be charged, meaning Padilha and other key cabinet members likely will stay in their posts long enough to secure the pension reform's passage.
Tuesday's decision to make public the names targeted in the investigation goes back to March, when Brazil's top public prosecutor asked the Supreme Court to open 83 investigations into senior politicians based on the Odebrecht employees' testimony.
Local media have reported the testimony accuses dozens of politicians of taking bribes to help what was once Latin America's biggest builder win lucrative contracts with state-run oil company Petrobras.
Rodrigo Maia, the head of the Chamber of Deputies, said their innocence will be proved during the investigation. Other politicians also insisted they were innocent and discredited the testimonies.
(Reporting by Ricardo Brito, writing by Alonso Soto and Stephen Eisenhammer; Editing by Daniel Flynn, G Crosse and Bill Trott)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
MOSCOW Russia's Supreme Court ruled on Thursday that Jehovah's Witnesses were an "extremist" organisation and must disband and hand over all property to the state, local media said.
The religious grouping confirmed the ruling about its "liquidation" in Russia.
"We are greatly disappointed by this development and deeply concerned about how this will affect our religious activity,” Yaroslav Sivulskiy, a spokesperson for Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia, said in emailed comments.
"We will appeal this decision, and we hope that our legal rights and protections as a peaceful religious group will be fully restored as soon as possible."
Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia have 30 days to submit their appeal for consideration by a three-person panel.
Religious life in Russia is dominated by the Orthodox Church, which exerts considerable political influence and enjoys the support of President Vladimir Putin. Some Orthodox scholars view Jehovah's Witnesses as a 'totalitarian sect'.
Interfax news agency quoted Sergei Cherepanov, a Jehovah's Witnesses representative, as saying that the group will appeal to the European Court of Human Rights.
"We will do everything possible," they said.
Russian authorities have put several of the group's publications on a list of banned extremist literature and prosecutors have long cast it as an organisation that destroys families, fosters hatred and threatens lives.
The group, a United States-based Christian denomination known for its door-to-door preaching and rejection of military service and blood transfusions, says this description is false.
The religious organisation has expanded around the world and has about eight million active followers. It has faced court proceedings in several countries, mostly over its pacifism and rejection of blood transfusions, but Russia has been most outspoken in portraying it as an extremist cult.
The ruling was issued after the justice ministry applied for an order to shut down the group's national headquarters near St Petersburg.
Its Russian branch, based near St Petersburg, has said a ban would directly affect around 400 of its groups and have an impact on all of its 2,277 religious groups in Russia, where it says it has 175,000 followers.
(Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin; Editing by Andrew Osborn and Ralph Boulton)
New Zealand business person Chris Liddell has been promoted to a top role in US President Donald Trump's White House.
The former Carter Holt Harvey chief executive has been named White House deputy chief of staff.
"He has extensive experience managing large organisations and has already overseen a number of interagency processes in the White House. In their new role, Chris will manage the policy process as we continue to enact the president's agenda," White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said on Monday (local time).
The 59-year-old has worked on projects like information technology modernisation and electronic health records, which have required intensive coordination with government agencies, White House officials have said.
Advertisement
Liddell joined the administration in January 2017 and currently serves as the White House's director of strategic initiatives.
They were born in Matamata and attended Mount Albert Grammar School in Auckland before obtaining a Bachelor of Engineering degree with honours from the University of Auckland.
They started their career working as an investment banker in New Zealand and from 1999 to 2002 was chief executive of then majority US-owned Carter Holt Harvey, a large New Zealand forestry and paper-making company, having earlier been the chief financial officer.
They went on to have a stellar business career in the US, starting as CFO of Carter Holt's parent International Paper then going on to senior roles at Microsoft and General Motors.
In 2010 they were awarded New Zealand Business Leader of the Year.
In 2016 they were appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to business and philanthropy.
 They are also a former director of the New Zealand Rugby Union and the New Zealand Sports Foundation.
- AAP
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
NEW YORK, April 6 Health insurer Aetna Inc will not sell Obamacare individual insurance plans in Iowa in 2018 due to financial risk and the uncertain outlook for the online marketplace, the company said in a statement on Thursday.
Aetna said that it is still evaluating its other remaining individual insurance markets for 2018.
Insurers must submit premium rate proposals to federal and state insurance regulators in the next few months and Aetna said it had notified them of its plans on Thursday. President Donald Trump and Republicans have promised to repeal and replace the law, and insurers have said the uncertainty over the rules and government subsidies is making it difficult to set those rates. (Reporting by Caroline Humer)
Ships gather off the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, California in this aerial photo taken February 6, 2015. REUTERS/Bob Riha, Jr.
WASHINGTON U.S. import prices recorded their biggest drop in seven months in March as the cost of petroleum declined, but the underlying trend pointed to a moderate rise in imported inflation as the dollar's rally fades.
The Labor Department said on Wednesday import prices fell 0.2 percent last month, the largest drop since August, after a 0.4 percent increase in February.
That lowered the year-on-year increase in import prices to 4.2 percent from 4.8 percent in February.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast import prices slipping 0.2 percent last month. U.S. financial markets were little moved by the report.
The drop in import prices is unlikely to be sustained with oil prices pushing higher in recent days amid rising geopolitical tensions following last week's U.S. missile strike on Syria and reports that Saudi Arabia wants to extend production cuts enacted in January for another six months.
Despite weak imported price pressures, domestic inflation is rising. Most consumer inflation measures have pushed above the Federal Reserve's 2 percent target. A report on Thursday is expected to show producer prices unchanged in March, but rising 2.4 percent on a year-on-year basis, according to a Reuters survey of economists.
Prices for imported petroleum fell 3.6 percent last month, the biggest drop since August, after increasing 1.3 percent in February. Import prices excluding petroleum increased 0.2 percent after rising 0.3 percent the prior month.
Import prices excluding petroleum have now increased for three straight months, in part reflecting an ebb in the dollar's rally. Prices for imported capital goods edged up 0.1 percent in March after rising 0.2 percent in February.
Imported consumer goods prices excluding automobiles fell 0.2 percent last month after gaining 0.3 percent in February. The cost of imported food fell 0.7 percent last month after increasing 1.0 percent in February.
The report also showed export prices rose 0.2 percent
in March after advancing 0.3 percent the prior month. That lifted the year-on-year increase to 3.6 percent, the biggest rise since December 2011, from a 3.2 percent gain in February.
Prices for agricultural exports increased 0.9 percent last
month, led by gains in meat and nut prices. Agricultural prices rose 5.3 percent in the 12 months to March, the largest increase since June 2013.
Higher soybean prices accounted for the bulk of the year-on-year increase in agricultural export prices in March.
(Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 6 The U.S. Masters started in bright and blustery conditions on Thursday with the fitness of world number one Dustin Johnson the major talking point around Augusta National.
Johnson, the American favourite to win the title after victories in their last three tournaments, sustained a back injury in a freak accident on Wednesday and was due to begin their first round in the final group out at 0203 PM local time (1803 GMT).
Former Masters champions Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player struck the ceremonial opening tee shots to get the 81st edition of the year's first major off to a sombre start as they honoured Arnold Palmer, who died in September at the age of 87.
Thousands of golf fans wearing commemorative badges confirming their membership of Arnie's Army stood to attention during a poignant silence broken only by the sound of a chilled wind rustling through the trees.
Augusta National chairperson Billy Payne addressed the crowds before Nicklaus and Player hit their drives without their long-time friend and rival at their side.
"Welcome to the 2017 Masters. It is a wonderful, but in one respect a difficult day," Payne said. "For the first time in many many decades, someone is obviously missing from the first tee.
"The almost unbearable sadness that we all feel by the passing of Arnold Palmer is only surpassed by the love and affection for him."
The bright weather was a relief for organisers, who were forced to call off the Masters Par 3 contest on Wednesday for the first time ever as heavy rain and storms buffeted the course.
American Russell Henley was the early leader on one under par after seven holes as the players found birdies hard to come by in the swirling winds.
England's Danny Willett will begin the defence of their title at 1224 PM alongside American Matt Kuchar and Australian amateur Curtis Luck.
World number two Roy McIlroy of Northern Ireland is among the late starters in a group with Japan's Hideto Tanihara and Spaniard Jon Rahm.
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
* S.Korea's April exports growth fastest in 6 yrs * Investors regard firm exports as a sign for strong Q2 -analyst * Won gains on high foreign stock purchase, Trump comments on N.Korea SEOUL, May 2 South Korean shares bounced back to six-year highs on Tuesday as April exports rose at a much faster-than-expected pace, boosting investment sentiment. Gains were also supported by optimism that the economy could pick up steam after the presidential election on May 9. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) rose 0.9 percent to 2,226.18 points as of 0216 GMT. It touched a high of 2,229.74, the strongest level since April 27, 2011. "Market participants seem to believe April's robust exports are a sign for another strong quarter in the April-June period," said Kim Ji-hyung, a stock analyst at Hanyang Securities. Kim added that though there might be some profit-taking in coming days, the KOSPI is likely to climb higher on foreign buying. Foreign investors were set to be strong net buyers, purchasing 135.6 billion Korean won ($119.93 million) worth of KOSPI shares near mid-session. Tech giant Samsung Electronics looked set to exend its winning streak to a seventh straight session, rising nearly 1 percent. Shares of securities companies also gained. Samsung Securities rose nearly 3 percent and Shinyoung Securities 1 percent. Advancers outnumbered decliners 403 to 371. The South Korean won also strengthened on demand for local equities, while comments by U.S. President Donald Trump were seen as easing ongoing tensions between the United States and North Korea. Trump on Monday opened the door to meeting North Korea's Kim Jong-un, saying they would be honored to meet the young leader under the right circumstances. The won was quoted at 1,130.6 against the dollar, up 0.6 percent compares to the previous close of 1,137.9. June futures on three-year treasury bonds shed 0.06 point to 109.38. 0216 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,130.6 1,137.9 Yen/won 10.1005/67 10.1618 *KTB futures 109.38 109.44 KOSPI 2,226.18 2,205.44 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Kim Coghill)
* Thomas cards three-under-par 68 to win by two strokes
* Overnight leader Kisner finishes four shots back (Adds quotes)
By Andrew Both
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Young American Justin Thomas validated their reputation as one of golf's great talents when they stormed to a two-stroke victory at the PGA Championship on Sunday.
Thomas remained patient after a slow start, biding their time before vaulting to the front with four birdies in a sizzling seven-hole stretch mid-round.
They then held firm over the dangerous final water-lined three holes, known as the 'Green Mile.'
The 24-year-old from Kentucky made a rare birdie at the brutal par-three 17th, sinking a 15-foot putt to all but secure victory and a bogey at the last was academic as they carded 68 to finish at eight-under 276.
"I knew no matter what my game was I needed to be patient," Thomas said. "I felt I had the game to get it done.
"It's so special to get it done. The adrenaline today it's unbelievable. The ball went so far.
"I've been driving it well. (On) 17, the pin today was brutal and to make a birdie there was beyond a bonus."
Fellow American Patrick Reed (67) bogeyed the last to finish equal second with Italian Francesco Molinari (67) and South African Louis Oosthuizen (70).
Oosthuizen joined a select club of players to have finished runner-up in all four majors. Their lone victory came at the 2010 British Open at St. Andrews.
Hideki Matsuyama, seeking to become the first man from Japan to win a major, held the lead briefly mid-round before fading with three consecutive bogeys from the 11th.
They carded 72 and finished three shots behind with American Rickie Fowler (67).
Overnight leader Kevin Kisner (74) finished four shots back.
Thomas, one of the longest drivers on tour, came into the final major of the year ranked 14th in the world, though not one of the favourites after recent poor form.
But they came through by executing under pressure as some of their rivals withered, joining their good friend Jordan Spieth, with whom they shared a house at the British Open last month, in the major champions club of 2017.
The other 2017 major winners were Spaniard Sergio Garcia (Masters), American Brooks Koepka (U.S. Open) and American Spieth (British Open).
Thomas also became the first player to win four times this season on the PGA Tour.
If one moment proved the catalyst for victory, it came at the par-five 10th, where the eight-foot birdie putt of Thomas stopped on the lip of the cup.
They wisely took their time walking to the ball, which after hovering over the edge for 12 seconds toppled in.
"The putt on 10 obviously snuck up on the hole," Thomas said. "Once it got there I felt like it was going to go in and it didn't. I acted like a child and threw a little tantrum and then it went in so I didn't look so bad." (Reporting by Andrew Both; Editing by Frank Pingue/Rex Gowar)
ABU DHABI, April 20 Russia has agreed on a preliminary basis to extend beyond June the agreement among global oil producers to cut output, Kuwait's oil minister Essam al-Marzouq told reporters on Thursday.
"Russia is on board preliminarily....Compliance from Russia is very good. Everyone will continue on the same level," they said.
Marzouq also said the rate of compliance with the agreement among OPEC and non-OPEC producers combined in March was over 90 percent. (Reporting by OPEC team; Writing by Andrew Torchia)
BRUSSELS A European Commission's spokesperson said on Wednesday that the EU executive could not confirm reports of a preliminary deal between Greece and its international creditors on the terms of the country's bailout programme.
Sources close to the talks had said earlier on Wednesday that Greece had reached an agreement with its lenders on key labour reforms, spending cuts and energy issues, moving closer to clinching a deal before a meeting of euro zone finance ministers on April 7.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Thai authorities are working to with navy SEALs to run a fiber optic internet line into a flooded cave in northern Thailand where 12 young soccer players and their coach are trapped.
Communication technician Phoowanart Keawdum said yesterday that once the cable is installed, phone calls to the cave will be possible.
Authorities tried to do the same Tuesday, but the equipment was damaged by the water.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
The Arizona Cardinals enter the offseason with 19 free agents. However, while it does not appear most of them will come back, it will not look like last offseason when they lost five defensive starters to other teams.
According to Arizona Sports 98.7 FM's Mike Jurecki, “of the 19 free agents, three are priorities.”
Only one is a potential starter for 2018. Jurecki says the Cardinals will focus on linebackers Josh Bynes and Kareem Martin, as well as cornerback Tramon Williams.
A fourth is a possibility — long snapper Aaron Brewer.
Bynes and Williams were late signings in training camp. Bynes appeared in 14 games and started one, but was very effective. They were a leader and when they had to fill in, they were very good. At 28 years old, they would enter next season again as a depth player.
Williams started the season on the bench, was even inactive for a game and then entered the starting lineup after Justin Bethel proved too inconsistent to hold down the starting job. Williams played very well, picking off two passes and avoiding big plays in the passing game. They will be 35 years old next season.
Martin, a former third-round draft pick, started 10 games last year after Markus Golden was lost for the season with a torn ACL. They had a sack, a forced fumble and an interception. They did not have gaudy stats, but they were disruptive and also was a core special teams player. They finally began to feel comfortable playing as an outside linebacker. If they are re-signed, they will most likely transition back to the defensive line.
Brewer is a possibility because of their relationship with special teams coordinator Jeff Rodgers. They were together in Denver and Chicago. If they are brought back, all three specialists — Brewer, punter Andy Lee and kicker Phil Dawson — will return together for 2018.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
BRASILIA, March 29 Brazil needs independent controls over its meat industry, a top EU health official said on Wednesday, as they wrapped up a visit to the country rocked by an anticorruption investigation centering on bribery of its food-sanitation inspectors.
Brazil's Federal Police say in court documents the bribes were paid to cover up serious health violations by some companies in the meat industry, including the sale of rotten and salmonella-contaminated products.
The police probe, dubbed "Operation Weak Flesh," has caused some of Brazil's biggest export markets to ban its meats.
The European Union is among the markets that have curbed imports from Brazil, which is the world's largest beef and poultry exporter.
European Union Commissioner for Health and Food Safety Vytenis Andriukaitis signaled resistance to easing the restrictions anytime soon.
"This scandal shows how important it is to restore the trust, reliability and predictability of control systems," Andriukaitis told a news conference.
"We need to have an independent official control system. We need to have transparency," they said.
Brazil's federal food inspectors report to the agriculture ministry and the system has come under fire for having politically appointed supervisors.
Andriukaitis told reporters the EU, which suspended imports from the 21 meat processing plants that are under investigation last week, could take additional measures next Tuesday.
They declined to be more specific, but said the bloc will be dispatching a team of auditors to Brazil to visit several meatpacking plants. The team will report back to EU officials in Brussels after Easter, they added.
Police have accused more than 100 people, mostly inspectors, of taking bribes in exchange for allowing the sale of rancid meat products, falsifying export documents or failing to inspect meatpacking plants at all.
Prosecutors have yet to present charges and the police allegations have not been proven.
Government officials have sought to downplay the impact of the probe. But an industry group said on Tuesday that beef exports alone fell over 40 percent in terms of both volume and revenue in March 20-26 from the prior week, as a number of countries imposed temporary bans.
The long-running investigation into irregularities in Brazil's meat industry, one of the few robust sectors in an economy locked in its worst recession on record, was made public on March 17.
Hong Kong on Tuesday removed one of the last blanket bans on Brazilian meat imports after it said it was satisfied by explanations from Brazilian officials. That followed China's removal of its restrictions last weekend. Together, the two Asian nations bought about one-third of Brazil's $14 billion in meat exports last year.
The EU, which suspended imports from the 21 meat processing plants that are under investigation last week, ranks as the No. 2 importer of Brazilian meats, just behind Hong Kong and before China.
(Reporting by Anthony Boadle)
March 31 Hunan Sundy Science and Technology Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 2 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/DhxXGs
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 New Art Co Ltd
* Says it will set up split preparatory company on May 10
* Says it will restructure the company into a holding company
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/1SFKwZ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Source: PWInsider
As noted, WWE will tape The Mae Young Classic on July 13th and July 14th at Full Sail University. The following names have been confirmed for the 32-competitor tournament:
* Bianca Blair - standout at the WWE Performance Center and signed in April 2016
* Danielle Kamela - WWE developmental talent, trained at WWE Hall of Famer Rikishi's school
* Julia Ho - WWE developmental talent with MMA background, trained with Brian Kendrick
* Kimberly Frankele - WWE NXT talent, formerly known as Kimber Lee on the indies
* Lacey Evans - NXT talent and a Marine, formerly known as Macey Estrella
* Mary Kate - NXT talent and formerly known as Rosie Lottalove in TNA
* Sarah Logan - NXT talent, formerly known as Sarah Bridges in NXT and Crazy Mary Dobson on the indies
* Taynara Melo - WWE developmental talent signed last year, black belt from Brazil
* Victoria Gonzales - WWE developmental talent signed in 2016, college athlete and daughter of Rudy Boy Gonzales
* Zhao Xia - WWE's first female Chinese talent
The tournament will tape on July 13th and July 14th but there are plans to hold live finals on Tuesday, September 12th, possibly at the WWE SmackDown tapings in Las Vegas that night. The plan is to release the first round of the tournament in late August with the second round being released in early September via the on-demand section of the WWE Network.
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Have your say
The wife of former Crawley mayor Keith Blake said they had been “overwhelmed” by the reaction to their death.
Keith, 72, died at the Royal Surrey County Hospital in Guildford on August 3.
Their wife Sally, themselves a two-time town mayor, has been inundated with letters, cards, emails and calls from people wishing to pay their respects.
Offering their thanks for their support, Sally said: “It's been overwhelming really.
“He would be so proud to know they had so much respect from the people of the town.”
As well as messages from both the Conservative and Labour groups, Sally received condolences from the Royal Air Force Association, of which Keith was a member, and the Scouts.
Keith was president of the Crawley District Scout Association and selected it as their charity during their year as mayor.
Keith's funeral will be held at St Margaret's Church, Ifield, on Wednesday August 30 at noon.
All are welcome to attend. Sally asked for donations to be made to the Poppy Appeal.
They said of their husband: “He was just such a special person.
“There aren't many in the world like them and I was so lucky to have found him.”
Keith and Sally were married for 39 years and were due to celebrate their 40th on September 8.
Make the right choice for you and your child - Visit educationsussex.com for trusted school reviews, videos and so much more.
MUMBAI May 3 ICICI Bank Ltd, India's third-biggest lender by assets, reported a smaller-than-expected growth in fourth-quarter net profit as bad loans rose.
Standalone net profit nearly tripled to 20.25 billion rupees ($315.7 million) for the three months to March 31, from 7.02 billion rupees reported a year earlier, the Mumbai-based lender said on Wednesday.
Analysts on average had expected a net profit of 22.04 billion rupees, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The bank's gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans rose to 7.89 percent as of end-March, from 7.2 percent at the end of December and 5.21 percent a year earlier. ($1 = 64.1500 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Devidutta Tripathy and Promit Mukherjee; Editing by Randy Fabi)
___
Dow industrials drop 600 points, extending a weeklong slump
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks slumped Friday, pulling the Dow Jones industrial average down more than 650 points and handing the market its worst week in two years. Technology, banks and energy stocks accounted for much of the broad slide. Several major companies, including Exxon Mobil and Google's parent company, Alphabet, sank after reporting weak earnings. Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported the fastest wage growth in eight years, stoking fears of inflation.
___
Advertisement
Wages up by most in 8 years as US adds a robust 200K jobs
WASHINGTON (AP) — The solid pay gains reported for January show that employers are increasingly competing for a narrower pool of workers with the U.S. expansion now in its ninth year. Raises stemming from Republican tax cuts and minimum wage increases in 18 states also likely boosted pay last month. The figures point to an economy on strong footing, fueled by consumer spending and global growth.
___
Exxon, Chevron report sharply higher 4Q profit on tax gains
DALLAS (AP) — Fourth-quarter profits are up at Exxon and Chevron, helped by the new tax law. However, the core results fell short of Wall Street forecasts. Analysts expected a bigger benefit from rising oil prices.
___
Super Bowl ads shy from politics and mind their manners
NEW YORK (AP) — This year's Super Bowl advertisers — with a few notable exceptions — are trying hard to steer clear of divisive subjects and are instead running mild-mannered ads that don't offend. So Bill Hader is touting Pringles, Danny DeVito appears in an ad for M&Ms, Chris Pratt promotes Michelob Ultra and Peyton Manning shills for Universal Parks in spots tinged with light humor. The goal is to capture the attention of the 111 million people expected to tune in on Sunday.
___
Yellen lands new job at Brookings Institution
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, the first woman to head the nation's central bank, got a boisterous send-off from Fed staff, but they aren't taking any time off. After their last day at the Fed on Friday, they will start a new job Monday at the Brookings Institution.
___
Spain extradites suspect thought to be spam kingpin to US
MADRID (AP) — Spain says it has extradited to the United States a Russian citizen suspected as one the world's most notorious spammers. Pyotr Levashov, a 37-year-old from St. Petersburg, was arrested last April while on vacation in Barcelona with their family. U.S. authorities had asked for them to be detained on charges of fraud and unauthorized interception of electronic communications. A statement from Spain's National Police said officers handed Levashov over to U.S. marshals on Friday.
___
Tax overhaul charge hands Merck 4Q loss despite higher sales
NEW YORK (AP) — Drugmaker Merck posted a loss of $872 million in the fourth quarter, as a big charge related to the recent U.S. tax overhaul more than offset higher medicine sales. Its adjusted earnings still topped Wall Street's expectations. The maker of Januvia diabetes pills and cancer drug Keytruda took a charge of $2.6 billion toward taxes for repatriating profits held overseas. It now plans to invest about $12 billion over five years on capital projects.
___
Sony taps CFO Yoshida as new president, replacing Hirai
TOKYO (AP) — Sony Corp. has named Chief Financial Officer Kenichiro Yoshida as its new president and CEO, replacing Kazuo Hirai, who led a turnaround at the Japanese electronics and entertainment company and will stay on as chairperson. Yoshida has experience in Sony's U.S. operations, as well as its network, financial and investor relations businesses.
___
900 trapped South Africa miners evacuated after power outage
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — At least 900 miners who were trapped in a South African gold mine for more than 24 hours after a power outage have been safely evacuated. The Sibanye-Stillwater company which manages the Beatrix mine in Free State province says the miners will have medical tests and counseling. It expects the mine to start operating again on Monday.
___
Oldest nuke plant in the US closing a year ahead of schedule
LACEY TOWNSHIP, N.J. (AP) — The oldest active nuclear power plant in the United States will shut down this October, more than a year ahead of schedule. Chicago-based Exelon Generation says the Oyster Creek plant in Lacey Township, New Jersey, will close this fall instead of its Dec. 31, 2019, deadline under an agreement with state authorities. The company says it is becoming too costly to operate the plant.
___
YouTube begins flagging videos backed by governments
MENLO PARK, Calif. (AP) — YouTube says it has started flagging videos provided by news outlets that receive government backing. It's part of a commitment made last year when its owner, Google, was hauled before congressional investigators looking into Russian tampering with the U.S. electorate. In particular, it faced numerous questions about RT (formerly Russia Today), which had at one point been a preferred partner on YouTube even though it is funded by the Russian government.
___
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 59.85 points, or 2.1 percent, to 2,762.13. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 665.75 points, or 2.4 percent, to 25,520.96. The Nasdaq slid 144.92 points, or 2 percent, to 7,240.95. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 32.59 points, or 2.1 percent, to 1,547.27.
Benchmark U.S. crude slid 35 cents, or 0.5 percent, to settle at $65.45 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell $1.07, or 1.5 percent, to close at $68.58 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline fell 2 cents to $1.87 a gallon and heating oil slipped 4 cents to $2.05 a gallon. Natural gas lost 1 cent to $2.85 per 1,000 cubic feet.
EVERTON 4 LEICESTER CITY 2
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton defeated champions Leicester City 4-2 at Goodison Park in a game which saw four goals inside the opening 23 minutes.
Leicester, who face Atletico Madrid on Wednesday in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final, made five changes ahead of their trip to Spain and the defeat ended the run of five straight wins since Craig Shakespeare replaced Claudio Ranieri as manager.
For Everton, it was a fine bounce back from their derby defeat to Liverpool and the disappointment of conceding an injury-time equaliser to Manchester United in their 1-1 draw on Tuesday.
Ronald Koeman's team grabbed the lead after 30 seconds when Kevin Mirallas broke through from midfield and appeared to be brought down but the referee, wisely, played advantage and the ball fell to Tom Davies who shot home.
Leicester struck back three minutes later though with a trademark counter-attack, Demarai Gray bursting deep into home territory before they slipped the ball to Islam Slimani and the Algerian coolly side-footed past Joel Robles.
Robles are beaten again in the 10th minute when they misjudged a curling free kick from the left from Marc Albrighton as the champions took a 2-1 lead.
Everton looked the sharper in midfield with Mirallas particularly lively and it was no surprise when they got back on level terms in the 23rd minute, Ross Barkley whipping in a superb cross from the right which Lukaku met with a perfect glancing header –- the Belgian scoring for the eighth straight home game.
Four minutes before the end of an intense first half, Everton grabbed the lead. Barkley should have scored when one-on-one with Leicester keeper Kasper Schmeichel but the Dane managed to palm it wide for a corner and from the resulting kick Phil Jagielka rose at the back post to power in a header.
Lukaku struck again, with their 23rd league goal of the season, in the 57th minute, firing home at the back post after Leicester failed to clear a corner.
Robles made amends for their error with a superb diving save, three minutes from the end, to keep out a fine header from Leicester sub Leonardo Ulloa.
Koeman said they were pleased with their team's performance particularly the displays of Lukaku and Barkley, who had come in for some criticism after the Merseyside derby.
"We played some fantastic football in the first 45 minutes, really good team performance today. We had great movement between the lines.
"Lukaku and Barkley didn't need to respond (but) they showed today they are fantastic football players. Two players on a high level but the whole team played well."
(Reporting by Simon Evans in Liverpool; Editing by Clare Fallon)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
People made the most of the thick covering of snow which fell yesterday.
These pictures taken around Kettering were replicated in towns and villages across the county with snowmen popping up everywhere and impromptu snowball fights breaking out.
Send your snow pictures to nt.newsdesk@jpress.co.uk.
BRUSSELS The European Commission said on Tuesday it had approved Italy's sale to UBI Banca (UBI.MI) of three small banks which were rescued by Italian authorities in 2015.
The EU executive said the sale of Banca Marche, Nuova Banca Etruria and Nuova Carichieti to UBI bank did not distort competition.
The purchase by UBI Banca of the three banks "depended on their remaining non-performing loans being sold to a third party," the Commission said in a statement.
As part of that sale of bad loans, "the resolution fund injected additional capital of 810 million euros ($883.8 million) into the three bridge banks and granted a set of guarantees for risks related to the acquired entities."
The operation was considered in line with EU state aid rules, the Commission said.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio @fraguarascio; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
April 20 Citi Private Bank (CPB), a unit of Citigroup Inc which caters to wealthy individuals and families, promoted Roger Bacon to the role of head of investments for the Asia-Pacific region.
Bacon will continue to be based in Hong Kong and report to Eduardo Martinez Campos, global head of investments of Citi Private bank and Bassam Salem, APAC chief executive for CPB.
Adam Proctor, former senior private banker within Citi, will take on Bacon's previous position as head of managed investments.
Proctor will be based in Singapore and will also report to Bacon. (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru)
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – They were hoping for dream vacations – instead several people are stranded in Miami.
Lauren Petz and their college friends worked hard to graduate and save money to spend six weeks touring Europe.
Five hours before their flight on Tuesday at Miami International Airport, they learned that Wow Air canceled their flight.
“It's really disappointing,” Petz said. “There's no responsibility. There's no remorse. There's no game plan that gets set up for us to be taken of on this trip.”
Petz and other passengers say Wow Air did not book them on other flights on other airlines to get them to their destinations.
They added that Wow Air only offered to put them up in Miami and pay for food for two nights while they might be stuck here for possibly four days or longer while they await another Wow Air flight to Europe.
Petz says the delay is costing them valuable time and money on their European vacation.
“We've already had to cancel hotels,” Petz explained. “We've tried to cancel flights. We're probably $1,000 at a minimum.”
Brian Halligan hasn't been back to Ireland for a dozen years. He's excited to take their wife there for the first time but says the Wow Air cancellation might cost them five of their nine days overseas.
“This is our vacation and it's a whole waste where I could be spending time in Ireland,” Halligan said. “It just upset the whole vacation you know.”
Petz showed us their Facebook exchanges with Wow Air. The company, which just began service at MIA in April, apologized and instructed passengers on filing claims. But Petz says they remain disappointed in how the airline handled the entire situation.
“They should be responsible for their guests and give us answers accommodate and reimburse us for for our expenses and the cost of their error, not ours,” Petz said.
Late Wednesday, some of the passengers told CBS4 News they think they might be getting on a Wow Air flight on Thursday. But with all the hassles, they are skeptical about whether that will actually happen.
CBS4 News reached out to Wow Air several times on Wednesday to get some answers from a company spokesperson. However, no one returned our calls or emails.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 2 Cybersecurity firm FireEye Inc reported a surprise 3.4 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by strength in its product subscription and services business.
The company's billings, a closely watched indicator of future business, fell 18 percent to $152.4 million in the first quarter, compared to a fall of 14 percent in the fourth quarter.
However, billings in the latest quarter beat analysts' estimates of $142.5 million, according to financial data and analytics firm FactSet.
FireEye expects billings of $173 million to $179 million in the second quarter, above analysts' estimate of $170.9 million.
The company is amid a transition to a software-as-a-service model (SaaS) from its traditional business that centered around the sale of hardware boxes.
FireEye remains confident of renewed growth in the second half of 2017, helped by the introduction of products such as the Helix platform, which combines network processing and analytics with endpoint analytics.
"We fully expect in the fourth quarter that we're going to be non-GAAP profitable, and then you would expect that to be the case from 2018 on," FireEye Chief Financial Officer Frank Verdecanna said in an interview on Tuesday.
The Milpitas, California-based company also forecast revenue of $173 million to $179 million for the current quarter. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $173.31 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
FireEye, which provides web, email and malware security to businesses and governments, said its revenue rose to $173.7 million in the quarter ended March 31, from $168 million a year earlier.
Analysts on average had expected revenue to fall about 2.6 percent to $163.7 million.
Net loss attributable to the company's shareholders narrowed to $83 million, or 48 cents per share, from $155.9 million, or 98 cents per share.
Excluding items, FireEye reported a loss of 9 cents per share. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
BARCELONA Barcelona manager Luis Enrique paid tribute to their squad's strength in depth after they won 4-1 at Granada on Sunday without suspended talisman and La Liga top scorer Lionel Messi to stay on the heels leaders Real Madrid.
The coach rested centre backs Gerard Pique and Samuel Umtiti and started without captain Andres Iniesta but Barça claimed the points thanks to a tremendous display from Luis Suarez and an impressive showing by little-used striker Paco Alcacer.
"We would obviously like to have every player available all the time but it's great when you can make up for absent players with the type of squad we have, because it is squads that win you trophies", Luis Enrique told reporters.
"These games after international breaks are always special and a bit harder but we produced a solid performance from the start. The game became complicated with their equaliser in their only chance of the game but we managed to turn it around quickly and get a big scoreline which I think is a fair result."
Alcacer was thrown on early after Rafinha was forced off with a knee injury and the former Valencia striker restored Barça's lead in the second half and laid on the pass for Neymar to complete the scoring and net their 100th goal for the club.
"I'm very happy with Paco, you have to praise their attitude throughout the season as he's always been at the team's disposition," added the Barcelona coach.
"He was superb today, participating in two of the goals as well as scoring one and they were a constant danger for Granada."
Barça trail Real by two points but will have the chance to climb above their rivals when they visit the Santiago Bernabeu on April 23. Zinedine Zidane's side have a game in hand.
(Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Gibraltar's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo speaks next to the Union Jack (L), the Gibraltarian flag (C) and the European Union flag during an interview with Reuters at Convent Palace in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
Gibraltar's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo speaks next to the Union Jack (L), the Gibraltarian flag (C) and the European Union flag during an interview with Reuters at Convent Palace in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
Gibraltar's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo speaks next to an European Union flag during an interview with Reuters at Convent Palace in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
Gibraltar's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo speaks next to the Union Jack (L), the Gibraltarian flag (C) and the European Union flag during an interview with Reuters at Convent Palace in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
Gibraltar's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo poses for a photograph between the Union Jack (L), the Gibraltarian flag (C) and the European Union flag during an interview with Reuters at Convent Palace in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
GIBRALTAR The British people will harshly judge any prime minister who lets down Gibraltar at the last moment in Britain's negotiations to leave the European Union, the chief minister of "the Rock" has told Reuters.
Gibraltar voters "chose to remain (in the EU) and should not become the first or last victim of Brexit," Chief Minister Fabian Picardo warned in an interview.
But they expressed confidence that whoever emerges as prime minister after Britain's general election on June 8 understands this: "We will not be let down at five minutes to midnight."
Gibraltar, a tiny British enclave on Spain's southern tip dubbed "the Rock" because of its famous cliff-faced mountain, is set to be a major point of contention in the exit talks, along with other thorny issues such as trade and citizens' rights.
Residents of the territory voted overwhelmingly to remain part of the EU in last year's Brexit referendum. Gibraltar wants London to negotiate a "special status" with the EU for it after the British exit
"The British people would judge very harshly a prime minister or any other minister in the British cabinet who at the last minute lets down the people of Gibraltar," Picardo said.
But they added: "The next prime minister of the United Kingdom ... will continue to stand by the people of Gibraltar and continue to ensure that the sovereignty of Gibraltar is secure."
Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservatives are tipped to increase their majority in the election, opinion polls show.
In March, the European Union offered Spain a veto right over the future relationship between Gibraltar and the EU after Britain leaves the bloc.
Spain, which claims sovereignty over the territory it ceded to Britain in 1713, has frequently irritated EU partners with attempts to use EU negotiations to put pressure on Gibraltar.
Gibraltar rejected the idea of Britain sharing sovereignty with Spain by 99 percent to 1 percent in a 2002 referendum.
Spain has signalled it was ready to discuss a special status for post-Brexit Gibraltar without abandoning its claims for joint sovereignty over the disputed territory.
(Reporting By Reuters TV, writing by Sonya Dowsett; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
(Reuters Health) – - Having reduced sensitivity to insulin may lead to more rapid decline in memory and other mental skills in old age even among people who don't have diabetes, a recent study suggests.
So-called insulin resistance, the body's failure to respond normally to the hormone insulin, is a hallmark of diabetes. Diabetes itself – a disease in which the body can't properly use insulin to convert blood sugar into energy - has been linked to cognitive decline and dementia, but the exact nature of the connection isn't as clear.
In the current study, researchers followed 489 older adults for more than two decades. They found people with the highest levels of insulin resistance had the worst cognitive performance and the lowest scores on tests of memory and a mental skill known as executive function.
“There is growing evidence that insulin carries out multiple functions in the brain and thus poor regulation of insulin may contribute to accelerated cognitive decline and potentially to Alzheimer's disease,” said senior study author David Tanne of Tel Aviv University in Israel.
“It is not just people with Type 2 diabetes,” Tanne said by email. “Even people with mild or moderate insulin resistance who don't have Type 2 diabetes are at increased risk over time.”
At the start of the study, patients were 58 years old on average and all of them had cardiovascular disease. People were left out of the analysis if they had diabetes at the beginning of the study or if they developed the condition during the follow-up period.
Researchers did cognitive assessments once when participants were around 72 years old and again when they were about 77.
Cognitive functions were assessed with a computerized battery of tests that examined memory, executive function, visual spatial processing and attention.
When researchers accounted for cardiovascular risk factors, they still found higher levels of insulin resistance were associated with greater cognitive decline. The association held up even when researchers excluded people with a history of stroke, dementia or diabetes.
One limitation of the study is that most participants were men, and the results might be different in women, researchers note in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease. A substantial proportion of participants didn't remain in the study through the second cognitive assessment, potentially leaving only healthier individuals for the final analysis.
The study also wasn't a controlled experiment designed to prove that insulin resistance directly causes cognitive decline.
One leading theory about insulin resistance is that the high levels of blood sugar that it can cause have a negative impact on blood vessels in the brain, which increases the risk for dementia, said Barbara Bendlin, a researcher at the University of Wisconsin-Madison's Alzheimer's Disease Research Center. Some studies suggest that high levels of blood insulin also have a negative effect on the brain, even independently of high blood sugar, they added.
“Insulin is involved in helping brain cells form connections, so it plays a direct role in helping us form memories,” Bendlin, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email. “Some studies suggest that abnormally high levels of blood insulin may actually cause there to be less insulin in the brain, due to changes in how insulin is transported into the brain.”
Because the exact reasons for the connection between insulin resistance and cognitive decline are unclear, it's difficult to give patients specific medical advice based on the study results, said Fernanda De Felice, a neurobiology researcher at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil who wasn't involved in the study.
“However, there are some studies indicating that exercise and healthy diet may prevent insulin resistance in the brain,” De Felice said by email. “Having proper sleep and avoiding stress also helps.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nXUdPW Journal of Alzheimer's Disease, online March 10, 2017.
May 3 Health Insurance Innovations Inc
* Health Insurance Innovations Inc - We are revising our guidance upwards for full year 2017
* Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. reports record first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.36
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.58
* Q1 revenue rose 31.5 percent to $55.9 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue up 15 to 20 percent
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.30 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Health Insurance Innovations Inc sees FY adjusted EBITDA of $33 million to $36 million
* Health Insurance Innovations Inc sees FY adjusted EPS of $1.35 to $1.45.
* FY2017 earnings per share view $1.41 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 revenue view $215.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Federal National Mortgage Association
* Fannie Mae - Book of business increased at a compound annualized rate of 0.8 percent in February.
* Fannie Mae - Gross mortgage portfolio decreased at a compound annualized rate of 16.9 percent in February
* Fannie Mae - Conventional single-family serious delinquency rate decreased one basis point to 1.19 percent in February
* Fannie Mae - Multifamily serious delinquency rate remained flat at 0.05 percent in February Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
European shares steadied on Tuesday as a batch of company updates failed to set a clear trend and chipmakers were weighed down by a warning of a downturn in orders by Austria-based chipmaker AMS, which supplies Apple.
The pan-European STOXX 600 benchmark ended flat at the end of a choppy day, marginally weighed down after the US 10-year Treasury yield rose above 3 per cent for the first time since 2014.
The rise in bond yields, which investors fear could hurt equities, has been partly fuelled by the spike in crude oil prices, which on Tuesday crossed $75, boosting energy shares.
DUBLIN
The Iseq was down 1 per cent at 6,774. Paddy Power Betfair fell nearly 4 per cent on foot of UK moves to limit the maximum stake allowed on fixed odds betting terminals (FOBTs). Food group Glanbia was up 1.5 per cent at €14.22 ahead of a trading update and AGM on Wednesday. Iseq heavyweight Ryanair was hit by higher oil prices, which weighs on the airline industry, falling 1 per cent to €15.48.
The slide in Independent News & Media's (INM) share price, following the drip feed into the market of further allegations of corporate governance breaches, was temporarily halted with shares rising 3 per cent to 9 cents.
AIB, however, slid 0.5 per cent to €5.22 while building materials giant CRH fell 1.6 per cent to €28.44. Bot companies will publish trading updates on Wednesday.
LONDON
The FTSE 100 rose on Tuesday, supported by Shire's shares as the company received a revised takeover proposal from Takeda. London's blue-chip index closed the day up 0.36 per cent or 26.53 points at 7,425.4 points.
Shire was the biggest riser on the FTSE 100 after Japan's Takeda tabled another offer for the pharmaceutical giant ahead of a deadline to reach a takeover deal. The company said on Tuesday it received a fifth proposal from Takeda after the firm put forward a £44 billion offer last week. Shire's shares closed the day 3.42% higher at 3,930p.
Shell and BP rose by 1.24 per cent or 32p and 2.30 per cent or 12p respectively as oil prices rose above 75 US dollars per barrel during the day's trading. However, towards the end of the session, Brent crude was down 0.36 per cent to $74.74 per barrel.
In UK stocks, bookies were hit following reports suggesting the government will cut the maximum stake for fixed odds betting terminals (FOBTs) to £2. The recommendations of a review carried out by the gambling regulator earlier this year said the maximum stake should be set at or below £30. But reports suggest Chancellor Philip Hammond has opted to accept advice from campaigners for a more drastic reduction to £2. Shares in William Hill tumbled 12.7 per cent or 42.7p, PaddyPower was down 4.85 per cent or 355p and Ladbrokes owner GVC shed 6.02 per cent or 58.5p by the close of play.
Anglo American said it is set to take a profit hit of up to $400 million after the mining giant was forced to suspend production at its iron ore mine in Brazil because of a cracked pipe.
EUROPE
AMS shares tumbled 9 per cent after reporting lower orders from one of its main customers, which it did not name, also hitting shares in other companies in the sector.
Germany's SAP rose 3.5 per cent after saying it was gaining ground on competitors Salesforce and Oracle in the cloud and that its margin recovery was firmly on track. The banking sector, down 0.1 per cent, got little support from the results of Santander, the euro zone's biggest bank by market value, whose shares fell 3.2 per cent after profits in the UK disappointed.
Deutsche Bank however added 4.2 per cent. It may spell out strategy changes for its investment bank on Thursday along with first-quarter earnings. Swiss bank UBS had failed to cheer up investors on Monday after its flagship wealth management business missed forecasts. In the auto sector, truckmaker AB Volvo fell 4.6 percent after it warned that its supply chain was coming under pressure, while results from automaker PSA Group disappointed, weighing on its shares. Tyre maker Michelin rose 1.6 per cent, recovering from initial losses that followed a fall in first-quarter revenue. Dutch paints and coatings maker Akzo Nobel lost 2.3 per cent after reporting a larger-than-expected 28 percent drop in first-quarter core profit.
NEW YORK
Wall Street dropped sharply on Tuesday as concerns over marquee companies warning of higher costs were exacerbated by the benchmark US 10-year Treasury yield piercing the 3-percent level for the first time in four years. Google-parent Alphabet sank 4.9 per cent, erasing all its gains for the year, as investors focused on the company's rising expenses and shrinking margins rather than a profit beat.
Caterpillar sank 6.6 per cent after it warned of the impact of steel price hikes on its business. The stock had gained as much as 4.6 per cent earlier on a strong set of quarterly results and full-year outlook. The 10-year yield, a benchmark for global borrowing costs, has been driven steadily higher by a combination of concerns over inflation, growing debt supply, and rising Federal Reserve borrowing costs. - Additional reporting Reuters
April 6 Constellation Brands Inc, the no. 3 U.S. beer company, reported a 5.5 percent rise in quarterly sales on Thursday, helped by strong demand for its beers such as Ballast Point and Corona.
Net income attributable to the company rose to $452 million, or $2.26 per Class A share, in the fourth quarter ended Feb. 28, from $243.4 million, or $1.19 per share, a year earlier, mainly due to the completion of the sale of its Canadian wine business.
Victor, New York-based Constellation said its net sales rose to $1.63 billion from $1.54 billion.
The company sold its Canadian wine business in October for C$1.03 billion ($775 million) to strengthen its footing in the premium craft liquor market in the United States. (Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
FILE PHOTO: Smoke rises after an airstrike, during the battle against Islamic State militants, at the district of al-Mamoun in Mosul, Iraq, March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Marjani
FILE PHOTO: Boys collect items from among debris at a school for the deaf and mute, destroyed in what activists said were overnight U.S.-led air strikes against the Islamic State, in Raqqa November 24, 2014. REUTERS/Nour Fourat
WASHINGTON At least 352 civilians have been killed in U.S.-led strikes against Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria since the operation began in 2014, the U.S. military said in a statement on Sunday.
The Combined Joint Task Force, in its monthly assessment of civilian casualties from the U.S. coalition's operations against the militant group, said it was still assessing 42 reports of civilian deaths.
It added that 45 civilians were killed between November 2016 and March 2017. It reported 80 civilian deaths from August 2014 to the present that had not previously been announced. The report included 26 deaths from three separate strikes in March.
The military's official tally is far below those of other outside groups. Monitoring group Airwars said more than 3,000 civilians have been killed by coalition air strikes.
Included in Sunday's tally were 14 civilians killed by a strike in March that set off a secondary explosion, as well as 10 civilians who were killed in a strike on Islamic State headquarters the same month.
"We regret the unintentional loss of civilian lives ... and express our deepest sympathies to the families and others affected by these strikes," the Pentagon said in a statement.
(Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Benoit Coeure, executive board member of the European Central Bank (ECB), speaks during a conference in Brussels, Belgium March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
PARIS Governments and other economic actors need to get ready for higher borrowing costs after years of record lows, ECB Executive Board member Benoit Coeure said on Monday.
"It's obvious that the financial sector, and other economic actors and especially governments must prepare (for higher interest rates)," Coeure told a finance conference in Paris.
"I hope that euro zone governments know that interest rates will not stay at current levels," Coeure added.
Coeure also said that negative interest rates that the ECB charges banks to deposit with it, had been effective in terms of monetary policy, but such rates should not stay in place too long due to the risk it could weaken those banks.
(Reporting by Leigh Thomas and Yann Le Guernigou; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
The tree planters, containing 6 different species and soon-to-be filled with flowers, were hand-painted by the community with help from Milbery.
It's surreal to walk onto the 47-by-75-foot pink dahlia that now covers a formerly nondescript, block-long space in downtown Denver.
Turning a quiet street into a summer-long celebration, The Square on 21st is a temporary park in LoDo that just got a permanent new mural, of a dahlia. But it's not just a flower: From a birds-eye view, it's also a gorgeous, colorful tribute to the Colorado flag.
The “pop-up” park — which the city has been cooking up over the last year — on 21st Street between Lawrence and Larimer streets is the first of its kind. Its goal? To further connect LoDo to the outdoors and underline the importance of public parkland in Denver by adding 60 trees in colorful planters, a big patch of grass that will provide a space for lawn games, as well as plans for food trucks, vendors, a stage for live music, a dog park, movie nights and more.
A welcomed pop of color, the ground of the park has been painted in dazzling shades of blues, pinks, reds and greens. The mural is a collaboration between local artists Pat Milbery, Pat McKinney, Jason Graves and Remington Robinson. The park will remain until Aug. 15, when it will reopen to transit. The mural, however, will remain.
The dahlia — a less obvious choice than a Columbine — was an artistic decision, Milbery said. “The blooming buds fit the shape better than any other flower.”
Ensuring a ground mural would last posed artistic challenges. “It's a hot-solvent paint, so it literally melts into the asphalt,” Milbery explained. “The advantage we have here is that we don't have cars driving on this every day. It gets to cure, so to speak, for 2 months.”
The mural was funded through the city of Denver's capital improvements budget. Steve Chester, senior planner and one of the visionaries behind the square, said the mural and a bicycle parking area will remain after the park reverts to transit.
A year ago, the city and the Downtown Denver Partnership, along with input from the community, sought to turn one ballpark neighborhood street into a temporary park. They asked Denver Arts and Venues for a muralist who could add to the parkland. Milbery and their team caught their attention with their impressive, community-centered work on RiNo's 38th Street underpass. “At the time, we wanted it to be a big community painting,” says Chester. “We ended up painting the planter boxes with the community, it was really important to have a buy-in from them. It was successful; we had about 115 people show up over Memorial Day weekend, tons of residents from these buildings.”
University of Colorado Denver architecture students designed two wooden sculptures that function as gateways to the park.
The neighbors have been supportive of the city's venture, for the most part. “For me, it's a mixed bag,” says El Charrito's owner, Matt Orrin. “There's good and bad. Overall, I support it. I think it'll be a good thing. I think it'll expose people to my place, which is a good thing. I am losing some parking, so there are concerns.”
Orrin is also on the committee that's working on event programming for the park.
Mayor Michael B. Hancock and other city officials will be out to celebrate the official opening of the park on June 15 at 11:30 a.m. A silent disco on Friday — at which partiers wear headphones and dance to their choice of music — is one of the 15 permitted events at the park this summer at which alcohol will be served. But, since The Square on 21st is zoned as a park, you'll be able to bring your own alcohol to other events.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Find your groove at the Oct. 14 fundraiser in the Cabrillo Pavilion Arts Center
The Community Counseling & Education Center will celebrate 27 years of service to the community with this year's annual gala fundraiser, Motown Downtown, from 7 to 11 p.m. Friday, Oct. 14 at the Cabrillo Pavilion Arts Center, 1118 E. Cabrillo Blvd. in Santa Barbara.
You and your guests will be “Dancing in the Streets” to the smooth soul sounds of Area 51 and feasting on Opal's savory spin on soul food.
You'll also want to “Shop Around” the fantabulous silent auction and enjoy the company of fellow groovers.
Tickets are $75 each or $140 for a duo and $1,250 for a sponsorship. Click here to order online.
The Motown Downtown gala is CCEC's primary fundraising event for the year.
CCEC, founded in 1984, offers a broad range of bilingual counseling and educational services. It is a pre-eminent training site for graduate students pursuing their counseling hours for licensure.
For more information, click here or call 805.962.3363.
End
--are a range of modular kitchen accessories which are manufactured to make day to day cooking easier. Utensil baskets are used to keep and store utensils together neatly. With the rise in intensive development, people are busier and are required to multi task; with the availability of such products like utensil baskets people can well manage their day-to-day life. Prior to the current scenario and the growth of Internet and media, people tend to spend a lot of time on these, resulting in the growth of the market for these baskets.With the change in era of modernization a lot of things have changed, also effecting the styles of kitchen and the accessories. Earlier people used to keep small utensils in big ones and so on. But now people have access to the market of kitchen accessories, which allows them to purchase products like kitchen baskets, allowing them to store the utensils with much more ease.There are a lot of suppliers who offer different variety ofbut just purchasing a product is not how it goes. Purchasing a high quality product is something that is really important, to gain a long time usage is something which lies with the customer and Prime Gold Kitchens are such suppliers who are great with their products.Contact UsA-55, 1st Floor, Main Industrial Area, WazirpurNew Delhi - 110052+911142474119, +919650100908contact@primegoldkitchens.insunlighthomeproducts@gmail.com
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
Britain Soccer Football - Crystal Palace v Tottenham Hotspur - Premier League - Selhurst Park - 26/4/17 Crystal Palace's Mamadou Sakho is stretchered off after sustaining an injury Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
LONDON Mamadou Sakho did not as originally feared sustain ligament damage on Wednesday and should be fit within weeks, Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said, rekindling transfer speculation over a player valued at 30 million pounds.
There were concerns about the French centre-back, who is on loan at Crystal Palace, after they injured their knee and left the pitch on a stretcher during the South London club's 1-0 defeat to Tottenham Hotspur.
Although Sakho - who fell out with Klopp last year and was allowed to join Palace in January - May not play again this season, Klopp said a scan had revealed no serious damage.
"When we saw pics of Mamadou Sakho it looked awful," they said. "But now we know that there are no ligaments involved. I think he's out for a few weeks."
Any long-term injury would prevent Liverpool selling Sakho in the summer, as has been widely speculated. Palace is one of several thoughts to be interested in signing the player on a permanent deal.
Klopp also said Liverpool's Adam Lallana and Daniel Sturridge had recovered from injury and were in contention to face Watford on Monday.
"Adam is back in team training for the first time. Today we had a really important session, Adam involved, Sturridge involved."
Lallana has not played since injuring their thigh on England duty at the end of last month; Sturridge hurt their hip training ahead of last week's 2-1 defeat to Crystal Palace.
Although Klopp said Thursday night's goalless draw between Liverpool's closest pursuers, Manchester City and United, "didn't change a lot", it means Liverpool could be fifth, outside the Champions League qualification places, by the time they face Watford.
"It's all about us. We don't have 100 percent influence but makes sense to focus on us. I cannot change the results we had. If we win, which will be difficult, we are probably in third again. So that's all we think about.
"We won the last two away games, even if the last result (against Palace) wasn't good but when I watch again it is not easy to create chances against Palace - and we did.
"We have to fight for what we can fight for and that's a Champions League place. It's a very important game. Nobody will feel like it's a friendly."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by John Stonestreet)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
By Father Michael Glover
Parish Priest for St Mary's Catholic Church, Uttoxeter
On Friday, May 25, the people of the Republic of Ireland voted in a referendum on whether to repeal, what is known as, the Eighth Amendment.
That is: "The state acknowledges the right to life of the unborn and, with due regard to the equal right to life of the mother, guarantees in its laws to respect, and as far as practicable, by its laws to defend and vindicate that right."
Voters were asked whether or not they approve of the statement: "Provision may be made by law for the regulation of termination of pregnancies".
The addition of this line to the Irish constitution would see the introduction of legislation permitting abortions to be carried out.
When we 'acknowledge the right to life', we say, from the outset, that there is no power that has the authority to grant that right.
It comes from the fact of our existence. As an inalienable right, it transcends politics, sovereignty and individual choice. We can only 'acknowledge' it to be the case.
This new line to be added to the Irish Constitution fundamentally changes the right to life.
Rather than acknowledging the right and upholding it, it opens the path to determining who is granted the right to life and on what grounds.
This is a dangerous policy. Can we really determine who is to have the right to life, and who no longer enjoys this inalienable right?
What is more, is it fair that we experiment this policy on the unborn, the most innocent and voiceless of our society?
This begs the question, where will this policy end? Are there other groups of people, voiceless and innocent, who can lose their right to life?
It can be very easy to talk about these important issues in general terms.
For those who are experiencing difficult circumstances, it can be hard to see a clear path.
Our pro-life stance does not simply make dogmatic statements; we are called to love and, therefore, we reach out to help couples who find themselves with an unwanted pregnancy, offer support to women who have become homeless and suffer through pregnancy, we are welcoming to those who seek healing after having an abortion.
Below there are some links to some organisations that can help.
The Republic of Ireland, heartbreakingly, voted to repeal the Eight Amendment.
Pope Benedict XVI wrote "truth is not determined by a majority vote".
Despite the outcome of the referendum, our pro-life position remains firm and stands out as a light in the darkness of so much death.
As we see how things unfold in Ireland in coming months and week, please know there are more options than abortion.
We can acknowledge with joy, respect and love, every life because every life has a right to live.
https://lifecharity.org.uk
http://www.rachelsvineyard.org.uk
http://www.careconfidential.com/
https://cardinalwinningprolifeinitiative.wordpress.com/about-us/ (Scotland)
http://www.goodcounselnet.co.uk/About-Good-Counsel.html
Issue Highlighted by Law Professor a Week Ago, But Warning Was Ignored
Trump Tries, Belatedly, to Correct Drafting Mistake
Contact
GW LAW
***@gwu.edu GW LAW
End
-- The Trump administration has amended its travel ban, now before the Supreme Court, to avoid a timing problem highlighted by a law professor more than a week ago.Public interest law professor had noted that, if the Supreme Court promptly removed the stay just after the original filing date for briefs, as the government had originally requested, and permitted the order to go into effect then, it might only be a Pyrrhic victory.Section 2(c) of the Order states that "the entry into the United States . . . be suspended for 90 days from the effective date of this order" [not the date it becomes effective], and Section 14 of the Order further clearly defines that "effective date" as March 16, 2017.If so, the so-called Muslim ban would become effective for only a day or two in June, even if the Supreme Court lifted the stays on the same day responsive pleadings were filed.Naturally this interpretation is not accepted by some experts, but the government seemingly agreed. In its stay request, the government stated "Section 2(c)'s 90-day suspension expires in early June."Now that the government has requested, and obtained, an extension of time in which to file additional briefs, removing the stay might have no consequence if the period of the ban had already expired.So, in attempt to avoid such a completely hollow victory, and to have the Court declare as moot their request for judicial review of the underlying issues, Trump's lawyers have amended the order.Under the amended version, the travel ban does not go into effect - and the 90-day and 120-day clocks do not begin running - until all stays have been lifted; a sharp departure from the government's original interpretation that the clock began running on the "effective date" of March 16, 2017.All of this activity before the Court will almost certainly delay any action it might take.Moreover, it would further undercut the administration's argument that the country will suffer serious harm - much less irreparable injury - unless the stays are very promptly lifted.Moreover, because the 9th Circuit's decision, which now for the first time permits the government to do the vetting and related studies which were the reasons for the temporary bans in the first place, the Supreme Court might duck both the constitutional issues raised by the 4th Circuit, and the statutory issues raised by the 9th, and simply let the studies play out and see what happens.If, as a result of the studies, some permanent restrictions are then put into effect, the Court can review the permanent rules - and all the underlying complex issues - in a timely fashion, without violating the usual legal policies which counsel against deciding important constitutional issues prematurely and in the abstract, says Banzhaf.Professor of Public Interest LawGeorge Washington University Law School,FAMRI Dr. William Cahan Distinguished Professor,Fellow, World Technology Network,Founder, Action on Smoking and Health (ASH),2000 H Street, NW, Wash, DC 20052, USA(202) 994-7229 // (703) 527-8418 http://banzhaf.net/ jbanzhaf3ATgmail.com @profbanzhaf
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
MADRID Valencia president Chan Lay Hoon will step down in July, the club said on Monday, after employing five different coaches in little more than two years in charge.
The La Liga club said in a statement that they would be replaced by fellow Singaporean and former diplomat Anil Murthy, who will step up from their current position as an executive director.
Chan was appointed in December 2014 after the club's takeover by Singaporean business person Peter Lim amid high hopes that Valencia could once again become genuine challengers for silverware in Spain and Europe.
But after finishing fourth in 2015, Valencia could only manage 12th place last season and find themselves stuck mid table this term.
Under Chan's leadership, a succession of coaches have passed through the exit door.
Portuguese Nuno Espirito Santo left in November 2015, followed by Englishman Gary Neville who departed after four months in charge and Pako Ayestaran who lasted six.
Italian Cesare Prandelli then took the helm for three months before quitting in December with the team just four places off the bottom.
They were replaced by Salvador 'Voro' Gonzalez, who had previously had four stints as interim coach including two under Chan and who has overseen an improvement in form.
According to Valencia's website, Murthy has spent nearly 16 years' working with the Singapore government, advising ministers on trade, culture and diplomacy.
Manchester United supporter Lim bought then debt-ridden Valencia in 2014 after a failed attempt to purchase English Premier League side Liverpool four years earlier.
Valencia won the last of their six La Liga titles under Rafa Benitez in 2004, the same year as they won the old UEFA Cup, and were losing Champions League finalists in 2000 and 2001.
(Writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Richard Lough)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar, Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar, sweden, for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MANILA May 3 Philippine lawmakers on Wednesday voted to reject the appointment of Regina Lopez as environment minister, 10 months into their term in office, a member of the panel told Reuters.
Congressman Ronaldo Zamora confirmed in a text message that the panel had voted in favour of rejecting Lopez.
The plenary of the Commission on Appointments has yet to announce its decision or endorse the vote. Another source at the Senate who declined to be identified also said Lopez had been rejected.
(Reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr; Editing by Martin Petty)
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
March 29 Westinghouse Electric Company:
* Co, and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates, filed voluntary petitions under chapter 11 of u.s. Bankruptcy code
* Files for chapter 11 protection and secures $800 million in dip financing to fund operations
* Seeking to undertake strategic restructuring as result of some financial, construction challenges in u.s. Ap1000 power plant projects
* Existing letters of credit have been cash collateralized in full, will remain in place; financing to allow for new letters of credit to be issued
* Reached an agreement with each owner of the U.S. AP1000 projects to continue these projects during an initial assessment period Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Corby Male Voice Choir will be taking to the stage to raise funds for an East Northamptonshire church.
The choir is hosting their fourth concert of the year at St Leonard's church in Glapthorn on Friday, June 1, at 7.30pm.
Jan Williams, director of music, said: “The choir has been continuing to work hard learning new repertoire for its 2018 concert season and are looking forward to performing this Friday.
“Concerts really do try to appeal to a broad range of musical tastes, featuring repertoire from light opera to pop music and the choir is so very proud of the money it helps local charities and good causes raise, which so far this year over just three concerts stands at £1,161.”
Organised by the Glapthorn church, this Friday's concert will raise money for church funds.
Tickets are priced at £12, including drinks and canapes and are available either in advance from Ursula Wide on 01832 272594. Pauline Davidson on 01832 273526 or on the door.
Mrs Williams added: “We are always looking to recruit new members to the choir, no matter the level of musical experience.
“So if you are looking to try something a bit different or are already a keen singer, then please do come along to one of our rehearsals which take place every Thursday at St Andrew's Church of Scotland Hall, Occupation Road, Corby from 7.30pm until 9.30pm.”
For further information about how the Corby Male Voice Choir could help your charity through its concerts or if you would like more information on joining them, contact Steve Jackson on 01832 734259 or email SteveCorbyMVC@outlook.com.
JAKARTA, March 30 Freeport McMoRan Inc's Indonesian unit is close to reaching a deal that will allow the mining giant to temporarily resume copper concentrate exports from its Grasberg mine in Papua, Indonesia's mining minister said on Thursday.
Indonesia stopped Freeport's concentrate exports in mid January in an effort to improve revenues from mining resources and create jobs.
But the stoppage resulted in Freeport shelving billions of dollars of planned investments and has threatened to unsettle business sentiment in Southeast Asia's biggest economy.
The latest change in tone from Jakarta could signal a near end to a more than 10-week stoppage of exports from the world's second-biggest copper mine.
"Freeport Indonesia has entered the final stage of discussions with the government," Energy and Mineral Resources Minister Ignasius Jonan told parliament, referring to talks over mining rights with the world's biggest publicly listed copper miner.
Indonesia wants Freeport to switch from its long-term operating contract to a new special mining license that includes new provisions on taxes and mineral processing. Freeport has said it will only do this when the government provides it with an alternative with the same fiscal and legal guarantees.
"If they agree on the special mining permit, they can export, as long as they put forward a proposal to develop a smelter within five years," Jonan said, adding that Freeport has agreed to adopt the new permit in principle.
Freeport would be allowed to resume exports for the next six months while continuing to negotiate fiscal terms for the new permit, Jonan said, adding that the discussions would be handled by Indonesia's finance ministry and would focus on its request for a "nailed down" tax rate and guarantees that other fiscal terms won't change.
"Hopefully soon we will reach an agreement."
Indonesia also wants Freeport to divest a 51 percent stake in its Indonesian unit, up from 30 percent previously. To date, it has divested 9.36 percent, and has said the divestment rules were "a form of expropriation."
Jonan said on Thursday that a valuation for the stake would be made "at commercial or market value" but this would not include the value of Grasberg's mineral resources.
"This must happen," they said.
Freeport Indonesia spokesperson Riza Pratama told Reuters on Thursday that the company continued to engage in a "constructive" dialogue with the government.
"We hope in the near future we will reach a solution that is acceptable to both sides," Pratama said, declining to comment further.
Freeport warned in February that if the issues were not resolved by June 17 that it could take the dispute to arbitration and seek damages, and said there was "no returning to business as usual" at Grasberg.
(Reporting by Wilda Asmarini; Writing by Fergus Jensen; editing by Susan Thomas)
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," they say. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so they feel somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
April 28 Leading Edge Materials Corp-
* Leading Edge announces c$2 million non-brokered private placement with strategic european investors
* Leading Edge Materials Corp - proposed private placement offering of up to 3.6 million unit of company, at a price of c$0.55 per unit
* Leading Edge Materials Corp - intends to use net proceeds from offering to continue to advance woxna graphite production facility
* Leading Edge Materials Corp - proceeds from offering will allow an accelerated work program during 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
US Attorney General Jeff Sessions has called the deadly car attack in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend an act of domestic terrorism.
On Saturday, a 20-year-old man plowed a vehicle into a group of anti-hate demonstrators protesting against a white supremacist rally, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injuring several others.
Police have arrested the man, named James Fields Jr., and charged them with second-degree murder, and three counts of malicious wounding. Fields had driven to Charlottesville to participate in the “Unite the Right” demonstration organized by white supremacists, neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan.
“It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute,” Sessions said on ABC News' “Good Morning America” on Monday. “We are pursuing it in the (Justice Department) in every way that we can make a case.”
Sessions said the Justice Department would bring the heaviest possible charges against the culprit
“You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation toward the most serious charges that can be brought because this is unequivocally an unacceptable evil attack,” they said.
Neo-Nazis 'attempting to legitimate themselves'Sessions also appeared on other morning news shows on Monday. They told NBC News that white supremacy groups are “attempting to legitimate themselves in any way possible.”
“They are going to find out we are going to come after them for any violations of the law," they stated.
They made the remarks in response to neo-Nazi publication The Daily Stormer, which praised Trump's response on the deadly Charlottesville protest.
“Trump's comments were good. They didn't attack us,” the publication said. “Nothing specific against us.”
President Trump came under bipartisan criticism after they failed to explicitly condemn the white nationalists for Saturday's outbreak of violence in Charlottesville, which caused three deaths.
The White House later tried to placate critics, saying Trump's vague condemnation of “many sides” included Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.
It said the president denounced all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred.
Republicans and Democrats have called for a straightforward condemnation from Trump, urging them to denounce the car incident as a terror attack by white supremacists.
On Sunday, tens of thousands of protesters marched across the United States to condemn widespread racism in the country.
The demonstrators were holding signs with messages reading, “No! The Trump/Pence Regime Must Go!” and “Make Racists Afraid Again…Smash White Supremacy!”
LOS ANGELES – Will X mark the spot?
At the Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles this week, Microsoft unveiled a new member of its Xbox game console family, one aimed at deep-pocketed types who want the very best video game visuals, whether they're speeding around virtual racetracks or gunning down computer-generated aliens.
Dubbed the Xbox One X, the new machine – which until now had been known by to code-name Project Scorpio – will be the most powerful video game console on the market when it launches Nov. 7 at $599, the highest price for a game machine since the release of Sony's PlayStation 3 in 2006.
The Xbox One X will be backwards-compatible with all existing Xbox One games and accessories, meaning players won't need to replace their collections should they decide to jump on board. The question is, will they? Even though the Xbox One X can pump out true 4K, high dynamic range visuals and Dolby Atmos audio for the growing number of TVs and sound systems that support these cool technologies, who is this sleek, expensive beast aimed at?
In a Canada-exclusive interview, I asked Phil Spencer, head of Xbox, if 600 loonies is just too dear an investment for most.
“This is the world's most powerful console, aimed at your gaming customer who's looking for the premier experience,” Spencer said. They admitted there's “no doubt” Microsoft will sell more $379 Xbox One S consoles next year than they will Xbox One Xs. “But I also know that in the gaming space, having a premium experience for the customer that wants that is critical,” Spencer said. “You see it in video cards in PCs, you see people that really want that defining experience.”
Like Sony's $499 PlayStation 4 Pro, the Xbox One X is a sort of half-step forward, meant to appeal to gamers who have upgraded to 4K HDR TVs and want gear that can keep up with their new toys. Upcoming Xbox games, and many older games, will run smoother and look noticeably better when played on the X.
I wondered, though, if the fact that games must be designed to run on any Xbox One console – whether the original Xbox One released in 2013, the current Xbox One S or the upcoming Xbox One X – might limit the potential of the new console's incredible raw horsepower. If game designers have to support four-year-old hardware, how are they supposed to max out the capabilities of this beastly (yet surprisingly small) new box?
Spencer, one of the most affable executives in the multibillion-dollar video game industry, got a little frowny at this suggestion.
“Developers will build (games for) PC, they'll build PlayStation, they'll build Xbox, they might build Nintendo. Developers out there have a pipeline that knows how to support multiple specs,” Spencer said. “This held back notion – I know that you're not unique in calling this out. I'll tell you, I've never heard a developer say publicly or privately that somehow they're held back.”
Microsoft showed off dozens of games at E3, ranging from the super-slick racing simulator Forza Motorsport 7 to the rollicking, social pirate game Sea of Thieves to Anthem, an astonishing-looking sci-fi action game developed by BioWare in Edmonton, creators of the award-winning Mass Effect franchise.
Conspicuous in their absence, however, were Microsoft's two biggest homegrown franchises, Halo and Gears of War. While rival Sony trotted out canned trailers of several PlayStation-exclusive titles that won't launch until 2018, Spencer said Microsoft wanted to stick to games that players would be able to get their hands on sooner rather than later.
Still, not even a little Halo 6 tease? For reals?
“Halo and Gears are both in good hands, and I'm going to pick exactly the word you used: I don't want to tease anybody,” Spencer said. “I just want to show them games that they're going to be able to play on this box in the next year.”
steverama@gmail.com
Chairman Urs Rohner and CEO Tidjane Thiam of Swiss bank Credit Suisse look up as activists of environmental group Greenpeace unveil a banner to protest against the financing of the Dakota-Access oil pipeline during the bank's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich, Switzerland April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Chairman Urs Rohner and CEO Tidjane Thiam of Swiss bank Credit Suisse arrive before the annual shareholder meeting in Zurich, Switzerland April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam expects 2017 to be a better year for the Swiss bank which has lost 5.65 billion Swiss francs (£4.40 billion) since 2015 amid a major restructuring.
"We believe that 2017 will be a positive year for Credit Suisse," Thiam said in remarks prepared for the Zurich-based bank's annual general meeting.
"At the same time, significant geopolitical uncertainties remain. The French elections are now less uncertain but we still have the UK and German elections on the horizon. These factors have an impact on markets and on our clients."
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin; Editing by Michael Shields)
Toyota's Yaris sedan will go up against the Honda City, Hyundai Verna and the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Toyota has revealed the Yaris at the ongoing Auto Expo 2018. The sedan is known as 'Yaris Ativ' in the Thai market and made its global premiere there in August 2017. The Toyota Yaris will be launched in April 2018 and will take on the likes of the Honda City, Hyundai Verna and the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz, among others in the midsize sedan segment.
So, here's what you can expect from the Toyota sedan.
Design
The Yaris' design is inspired by the Corolla Altis and the Camry. Up front, it gets a large air dam and a sleek grille flanked by upward-sweeping halogen projector headlamps. The daytime running LEDs are situated below the headlamps at the extremities of the air dam. The front fascia appears a bit busy compared to, say, the Corolla Altis or some of the other sedans in its segment. The rear profile, on the other hand, looks a lot more mature with wraparound tail lamps with LED inserts and an integrated lip spoiler.
Dimensions
Toyota Yaris
Honda City
Hyundai Verna
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Length
4425mm
4440mm
4440mm
4490mm
Width
1730mm
1695mm
1729mm
1730mm
Height
1475mm
1495mm
1475mm
1485mm
Wheelbase
2550mm
2600mm
2600mm
2650mm
So, the Yaris is a touch smaller than its rivals; most notably, the wheelbase is 100mm smaller than the Ciaz. On the inside, the Yaris features a dual-tone beige and black-themed dash. A 7-inch infotainment system sits horizontally on top of the central console. Sadly, it doesn't support Android Auto or Apple CarPlay, which has become a norm now. In terms of features, it gets powered driver's seat, roof mounted AC unit with Innova Crysta-like ambient lighting, rear sunshade, among others.
As for the safety features, the Yaris packs up to 7 airbags, tyre pressure monitoring system, front and rear parking sensors, vehicle stability control and hill-start assist, ABS (anti-lock brakes) with EBD (electronic brakeforce distribution) and brake assist, all-four disc brakes and Isofix child seat anchors, among others.
Engine And Transmission
At the time of launch, the Toyota Yaris will only be available with a 1.5-litre petrol engine coupled to either a 6-speed manual or a 7-speed CVT auto. The Japanese automaker has not revealed the specs of the Yaris sedan as of yet, but they are likely to be at par with the Honda City.
Petrol
Honda City
Hyundai Verna
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Engine
1.5-litre
1.6-litre/1.4-litre
1.4-litre
Power
119PS
123PS/100PS
92PS
Torque
145Nm
151Nm/132Nm
130Nm
Transmission
5-speed MT/ CVT with paddle shifters
6-speed MT/ AT (only with 1.6-litre)
5-speed MT/ 4-speed AT
As is typical of Toyotas, we can expect the Yaris to be easy to drive in the city. The prices of the Yaris are expected to begin from around Rs 10 lakh.
Read More on : City diesel
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
BRIEF-Richard Abbe reports 5.8 pct passive stake in CHF Solutions
* Richard Abbe reports 5.8 percent passive stake in CHF Solutions Inc as of june 6 - sec filing Source text - http://bit.ly/2sbOs0d Further company coverage:
May 2 Libbey Inc:
* Libbey Inc announces first quarter results
* Libbey Inc qtrly net sales $173.0 million, down 5.4 percent versus prior year, or down 3.3 percent in constant currency
* Says revised its full-year 2017 outlook
* Sees 2017 net sales decline in low-to-mid-single digits, compared to full year 2016, on a reported basis
* Libbey Inc sees full-year 2017 capital expenditures of approximately $50 million
* Libbey Inc expects full-year 2017 adjusted ebitda margin in 11 percent to 13 percent range
* Libbey Inc qtrly loss per share $0.30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
(Changes slug, no chagne to story)
April 2 Arsenal twice came from behind to draw 2-2 with Manchester City at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday, with under-pressure coach Arsene Wenger praising their side's mental toughness as they avoided another collapse.
Arsenal headed into the game having beaten just Hull City and lower league sides Sutton United and Lincoln City since the end of January, against a backdrop of fan unrest over the side's form and the unresolved issue of Wenger's future.
The players' character has been questioned in recent weeks, notably after one-sided defeats by Bayern Munich, and their nerves were evident early on as Leroy Sané capitalised on Arsenal's disorganised defensive unit to fire City ahead in the fifth minute.
"We started very nervously," Wenger acknowledged to Sky Sports. "We had a refusal to lose the game, we were ready for a fight.
"The test was mental. We had to come back after halftime and we got a point after a time that has been so stressful for us," they added. "It was a strong performance on the mental front.
"Technically we can do better."
Despite Wenger's praise, there were familiar signs of petulance and uncertainty from Arsenal's players, with goalscorer Walcott trudging off unhappily after being substituted, and Mesut Ozil guilty of pulling out of a 50-50 challenge with Willy Caballero when through on goal.
Like Wenger, Danny Welbeck praised their teammates' character in fighting back, but conceded that there was room for improvement as Arsenal look to salvage a testing campaign.
"We showed character but we have to look at how we conceded goals today," the forward added. "At this point of the season we know it is not good enough. We want to be further up the league and we have dropped two more points.
"Both teams want possession and have lots of attacking players, it was a good game for the neutrals. We wanted three points."
Arsenal equalised through Theo Walcott, before Shkodran Mustafi's second-half header cancelled out Sergio Aguero's strike, but the point leaves the Londoners in sixth on 51 points, seven behind City who currently occupy the final Champions League qualifying berth. (Reporting by Ed Dove; editing by Clare Lovell)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Communications Minister Ayanda Dlodlo has noted a misleading report by The Times Newspaper regarding appointments at the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC).
The Times report alleges that “President Zuma missed the deadline for appointing an SABC chief operating officer because none of the candidates met expectations”.
“This is a highly confused and misleading report,” a statement issued by the Government Communications and Information System (GCIS) said on Friday.
On Thursday, Minister Dlodlo addressed a media briefing on the state of entities under their executive authority, where they indicated that the South African Qualifications Authority (SAQA) verification process was underway.
Once that is complete, the information will be sent to the President to enable them to make their final decision.
Regarding vacant executive management positions at SABC, the Minister said that they wanted to ensure that the people who are appointed in the positions of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer were of requisite skill and expertise.
“She added that they needed turn around specialists at the entity and what they had been presented with so far did not meet that criteria,” the GCIS said.
According to the department, the President is not involved in the appointment of executive management at the SABC, it is the board that recommends to the Minister who in turn makes the final decision on the appointments.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Soccer-Humbled Australia brace for more lessons in Russia
MELBOURNE, June 14 Australia's 4-0 home loss to Brazil could be regarded as both the perfect preparation for the Confederations Cup and a stinging reality check for a side desperate to take a seat at the top table of international soccer.
A $200,000 promise and a "community approach” to stamping out fruit fly is a step in the right direction.
That's according to one Wide Bay farmer who last year lost 20 per cent of their mango crop due to the pest insect.
Last week, agricultural industry development minister Mark Furner was in Bundaberg to promote the start-up phase of a fruit fly program that's being headed by Bundaberg Fruit and Vegetable Growers.
Allan Mahoney, who is the chairperson of the fruit and vegetable growers association and a mango, blueberry and melon farmer, said the program had a focus on educating urban residents about fruit-fly danger.
They felt the pain of having to dump a fifth of their mango crop last year, despite taking precautions to stop fruit flies on their farm.
They stressed it wasn't just farmers who needed to be proactive in stopping the spread of fruit fly.
"There are many fruit trees in urban areas, such as mangoes and passionfruits, some of them don't get attended to and they're left to their own devices,” they said.
"We want to work with as many urban properties as we can and we are looking to have every house fitted with fruit fly traps.
"We want to work with schools as well, we want the fruit fly problem to be front and centre.”
The insect is the biggest barrier stopping producers in the Wide Bay area from exploring domestic and export opportunities.
Mr Furner said if left unchecked, fruit fly infestations had a serious impact on harvestable fruit and vegetable crops.
"Interstate projects have shown that urban communities play a key role in helping monitor fruit fly numbers and providing an early alert to producers,” they said.
"This trial isn't where our partnership with BFVG ends. The Queensland Government will also provide up to $200,000 to conduct a pilot trial in regional agriculture data collection in the region.”
Mr Mahoney described fruit flies as being "a pesky thing to deal with”.
"They sting the fruit and then lay their larvae in it and you have to discard the fruit after that.
"We've been using lures and different kinds of crop protectants, it's difficult when you're trying to be as sustainable as you can.”
For more information, visit www.bfvg.com.au.
Commodore Grace M. Hopper, U.S. Navy is shown in this January 20, 1984 handout photo. Courtesy U.S. Navy/Handout via REUTERS
A worker guides the first shipment of an IBM System Z mainframe computer in Poughkeepsie, New York, U.S. March 6, 2015. Jon Simon/IBM/Handout via REUTERS
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVE.
IBM engineers work with a System 360 mainframe computer using business programs written in an early version of the COBOL language in this circa 1960 handout photo obtained by Reuters March 31, 2017. IBM/Handout via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVE.
IBM engineers work with a System 360 mainframe computer using business programs written in an early version of the COBOL language in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters March 31, 2017. IBM/Handout via REUTERS
NEW YORK Bill Hinshaw is not a typical 75-year-old. They divide their time between their family – they have 32 grandchildren and great-grandchildren – and helping U.S. companies avert crippling computer meltdowns.
Hinshaw, who got into programming in the 1960s when computers took up entire rooms and programmers used punch cards, is a member of a dwindling community of IT veterans who specialise in a vintage programming language called COBOL.
The Common Business-Oriented Language was developed nearly 60 years ago and has been gradually replaced by newer, more versatile languages such as Java, C and Python. Although few universities still offer COBOL courses, the language remains crucial to businesses and institutions around the world.
READ MORE: Computer hack sets off 156 emergency sirens across Dallas
In the United States, the financial sector, major corporations and parts of the federal government still largely rely on it because it underpins powerful systems that were built in the 70s or 80s and never fully replaced.
Infographic ID: '2nMf18G'
And here lies the problem: if something goes wrong, few people know how to fix it.
The stakes are especially high for the financial industry, where an estimated $3 trillion in daily commerce flows through COBOL systems. The language underpins deposit accounts, check-clearing services, card networks, ATMs, mortgage servicing, loan ledgers and other services.
READ MORE: British lender Wonga warns customers of personal data hack
The industry's aggressive push into digital banking makes it even more important to solve the COBOL dilemma. Mobile apps and other new tools are written in modern languages that need to work seamlessly with old underlying systems.
That is where Hinshaw and fellow COBOL specialists come in. A few years ago, the north Texas resident planned to shutter their IT firm and retire after decades of working with financial and public institutions, but calls from former clients just kept coming.
COWBOYS AND YOUNGSTERS
In 2013, Hinshaw launched a new company COBOL Cowboys, which connects companies to programmers like himself. Their wife Eileen came up with the name in a reference to "Space Cowboys," a 2000 movie about a group of retired Air Force pilots called in for a trouble-shooting mission in space. The company's slogan? "Not our first rodeo."
Of the 20 "Cowboys" that work as part-time consultants many have reached retirement age, though there are some "youngsters," Hinshaw said.
"Well, I call them youngsters, but they're in their 40s, early 50s."
Experienced COBOL programmers can earn more than $100 an hour when they get called in to patch up glitches, rewrite coding manuals or make new systems work with old.
For their customers such expenses pale in comparison with what it would cost to replace the old systems altogether, not to mention the risks involved.
Antony Jenkins, the former chief executive of Barclays PLC (BARC.L), said for big financial institutions – many of them created through multiple mergers over decades – the problems banks face when looking to replace their old technology goes beyond a shrinking pool of experts.
"It is immensely complex," said Jenkins, who now heads startup 10x Future Technologies, which sells new IT infrastructure to banks. "Legacy systems from different generations are layered and often heavily intertwined."
Some bank executives describe a nightmare scenario in which a switch-over fails and account data for millions of customers vanishes.
The industry is aware, however, that it cannot keep relying on a generation of specialists who inevitably will be gone.
The risk is "not so much that an individual may have retired," Andrew Starrs, group technology officer at consulting firm Accenture PLC (ACN.N), said. "He may have expired, so there is no option to get them or them to come back."
International Business Machines Corp (IBM.N), which sells the mainframe computers that run on COBOL, argues the future is not so bleak. It has launched fellowships and training programs in the old code for young IT specialists, and says it has trained more than 180,000 developers in 12 years.
"Just because a language is 50 years old, doesn't mean that it isn't good," said Donna Dillenberger, an IBM Fellow.
But COBOL veterans say it takes more than just knowing the language itself. COBOL-based systems vary widely and original programmers rarely wrote handbooks, making trouble-shooting difficult for others.
"Some of the software I wrote for banks in the 1970s is still being used," said Hinshaw.
That is why calls from stressed executives keep coming.
"You better believe they are nice since they have a problem only you can fix," they said. Hinshaw said the callers seem willing to pay almost any price and some even offer full-time jobs.
TURNING POINT
Oliver Bussmann, former chief information officer of UBS AG, said banks usually tap into their networks of former employees to find COBOL experts. Accenture's Starrs said they go through a "black book" of programmer contacts, especially those laid off during or after the 2008 financial crisis.
The industry appears to be reaching an inflection point, though. In the United States, banks are slowly shifting towards newer languages taking cue from overseas rivals who have already made the switch-over.
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, for instance, replaced its core banking platform in 2012 with the help of Accenture and software company SAP SE (SAPG.DE). The job ultimately took five years and cost more than 1 billion Australian dollars ($749.9 million).
Accenture is also working with software vendor Temenos Group AG (TEMN.S) to help Swedish bank Nordea (NDA.ST) make a similar transition by 2020. IBM is also setting itself up to profit from the changes, despite its defence of COBOL's relevance. It recently acquired EzSource, a company that helps programmers figure out how old COBOL programs work.
In the meantime, banks' scramble has revived careers of those who retired or were let go, and whose expertise, until recently, was considered obsolete.
One COBOL programmer, now in their 60s, said their bank laid them off in mid-2012 as it turned to younger, less expensive employees trained in new languages.
In 2014, the programmer, who declined to be named to avoid jeopardizing current professional relationships, was brought in as a contractor to the same bank to fix issues management had not anticipated.
"The call back to the bank was something of a personal vindication for me," they said.
(Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Tomasz Janowski)
BRATISLAVA Slovakia's police said on Saturday they have charged two members of parliament from a far-right People's Party-Our Slovakia with extremism for hate speech against the Roma, the Jews and Islam.
If found guilty, they are facing up to six years in prison, according to the penal code.
Right-wing and anti-immigrant parties have been on the rise across Europe after years of slow economic growth and the arrival of more than a million migrants and refugees from the Middle East and Africa.
In an electoral shock, the far-right People's Party-Our Slovakia entered the Slovak parliament for the first time last year after winning 8 percent of the vote in March's election.
Even though Slovakia has seen little immigration analysts have explained the success of anti-system parties by rising public anger over graft scandals linked to traditional parties.
The party openly admires Jozef Tiso, leader of the 1939-1945 Nazi puppet state who allowed tens of thousands of Slovak Jews to be deported to Nazi death camps and was tried for treason after the war. It is also hostile to Slovakia's Roma minority.
Its lawmaker Stanislav Mizik is facing charges for publishing on a social network a list of "people of Jewish origin and admirers of Roma" among people who were given state honours by President Andrej Kiska earlier this year.
The police have also searched their office in the parliament earlier this week.
Mizik received a 1,000 euro fine for breaching parliamentary standards by calling Islam "satanic" in February.
Another of the party's lawmakers, Milan Mazurek, has said on social media that the history of Nazi Germany and the Holocaust had been "distorted".
Slovakia formed a special police unit to fight extremism in February in charge of crimes related to support and the funding of terrorism and extremism, hate crimes and hate speech, both online and offline.
Leftist Prime Minister Robert Fico has been also criticised by human rights groups and socialist colleagues in the European Parliament for refusing to accept the EU quotas on accepting refugees and for saying in a May 2016 interview "there is no space for Islam in Slovakia".
(Reporting By Tatiana Jancarikova; Editing by Bernard Orr)
* Benchmark rate kept at 4.75 pct, unchanged for 6th meeting
* Policy stance tilted toward neutral - official
* BI monitoring risks such as Fed plan to reduce balance sheet
By Fransiska Nangoy and Cindy Silviana
JAKARTA, April 20 Indonesia's central bank kept its benchmark rate unchanged on Thursday for the sixth straight meeting, saying the current level was consistent with its efforts to maintain stability.
Southeast Asia's largest economy has benefitted from stronger global growth and improved commodity prices that have boosted its exports and narrowed the current account deficit, but higher U.S. rates may exert pressure on the rupiah.
Bank Indonesia kept the 7-day reverse repurchase rate at 4.75 percent, as widely expected. All 15 analysts surveyed in a Reuters poll had expected no change. The two other policy rates were also kept unchanged.
Dody Budy Waluyo, BI's executive director of economic and monetary policy, described the policy stance as "biased towards neutral", adding the current level was sufficient to keep inflation in the middle of the central bank's 3-5 percent target range. BI was ready to raise rates if necessary, they said.
The central bank said it was monitoring global risks that could affect the Indonesian economy, noting particularly the U.S. Federal Reserve's plan to shrink its balance sheet.
Some economists expect BI to stay on hold for the rest of 2017 despite a soft economic outlook.
"Despite the poor outlook for the economy, a rate cut is unlikely this year," said Gareth Leather, senior Asia economist with Capital Economics, noting inflationary pressures and a fragile rupiah.
"BI is worried that aggressive rate hikes by the U.S. Fed could cause the currency to slump. Indonesia's relatively high level of foreign-currency denominated debt makes it vulnerable to falls in the rupiah."
Indonesia's inflation has dipped to 3.61 percent on an annual basis but is likely to pick up in coming months due to an increase in energy prices.
Investors are also watching for any economic impact from the divisive Jakarta election. Indonesia's main stock index and the rupiah edged down on Thursday.
BI officials noted market sentiment toward the election was neutral.
BI's policy stance was more pro-growth in 2016. It cut its benchmark rate six times by a total of 150 basis points and eased some lending regulations to help the economy.
The cuts were aimed at boosting the growth rate. Last year's growth rate was 5.0 percent, a slight pick-up from the 4.8 percent recorded in 2015 which was the weakest in six years.
Waluyo said growth in the first quarter was likely less than the central bank had initially expected with indicators showing weaker household consumption.
(Writing by Gayatri Suroyo; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
March 29 Leifheit AG
* Outlook for 2017: sustained turnover growth expected
* Turnover growth of 3.5 pct to 4.5 pct is expected at group level in 2017
* With a view to strengthening future growth in brand business, company intends to invest in reorganisation of its sales structure in 2017
* This will likely result in one-off effects that have already taken into account in earnings forecast for financial year 2017
* Expects earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) in line with previous year in 2017
* FY group's net result for period climbed to 14.5 million euros ($15.65 million) following 14.3 million euros in previous year
* Dividend increase to 2.10 euros per share and special dividend of 0.80 euros proposed Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9265 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
PARIS The mayors of Paris and London announced a new scheme for monitoring emissions from vehicles on Wednesday, aimed at improving air quality in the two capitals.
Anne Hidalgo of Paris and London's Sadiq Khan said the system would set up a scoring system to identify real-life emissions from cars, with the aim of providing consumers with more accurate information.
"We should be able to set up a reliable scoring system which will be put to all our citizens and allow them to know what emissions are coming from which vehicles in reality," Hidalgo said at an international conference on air pollution.
The scheme would rely on road and "real world" testing by emissions analytics and the International Council for Clean Transportation, and allocate each model of car a score based on all air pollutants emitted.
This would go further than present EU labelling schemes which regulate only certain pollutants and are based on laboratory tests.
"This new scheme will put an end to the 'smoke and mirrors' that has been employed and provide Londoners and Parisians with an honest, accurate and independent evaluation of the emissions of vehicles on our road," Khan said.
"Tackling vehicle emissions is a priority if you are to tackle air pollution in your city," said Wonsoon Park, mayor of Seoul, which also plans to try out the scheme.
Khan said 9,000 people in London died early every year because of air pollution. Hidalgo said the figure for Paris was 2,500.
French media said monitoring devices would be set up on Paris streets and on different makes of vehicles in the coming weeks as part of the scheme.
(Reporting by Celia Mebroukine; Writing by Richard Balmforth; Editing by Andrew Roche)
BERLIN, April 15 Borussia Dortmund bounced back from the trauma of the bomb attack on their team bus and their Champions League defeat in midweek to earn an emotion-filled 3-1 home win over Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Marco Reus, who struck with an audacious back heel after just two minutes, Sokratis Papastathopoulos and Pierre-Emerick Aubemayang were all on target after the Dortmund fans gave their players a rousing reception back at the Westfalenstadion.
Second-placed RB Leipzig made sure they will play in the Champions League for the first time next season after a handsome 4-0 win over Freiburg put them on to 61 points, seven clear of Hoffenheim.
Hoffenheim beat Borussia Moenchengladbach 5-3 to stay a point clear of fourth-placed Dortmund, remaining on course for a best-ever Bundesliga finish and also a maiden Champions League berth.
Their cause was helped by defeat for fifth-placed Hertha Berlin who went down 1-0 at lowly Mainz.
A tumultuous week for Dortmund quickly took a turn for the better in the opening minutes of the game against Frankfurt.
Their opening goal came after a slick one-two with Aubameyang finding American teenager Christian Pulisic, who used their pace to catch Eintracht goalkeeper Lukas Hradecky in no man's land. The American kept their composure to find Reus in front of goal for a stunning back-heeled finish on their return from a month out with injury.
Eintracht had two good chances before Mexican Marco Fabian equalised only for a right-footed shot from Papastathopoulos to restore Borussia's lead 10 minutes before half-time.
Aubameyang grabbed their 26th Bundesliga goal of the season to seal success in the last five minutes.
The players had been greeted by a stirring reception from their supporters at a packed stadium with a visible extra police presence.
The players' bus had been heading to their stadium for the Champions League match against Monaco on Tuesday when three explosions occurred, injuring Spanish defender Marc Bartra and delaying the match by a day.
Dortmund said on Twitter on Saturday that Bartra had been released from hospital.
Leipzig won for a 19th time this season in a one-sided triumph with goals from Yussuf Poulsen, Timo Werner, Naby Keita and Diego Demme.
EXTRAVAGANZA
Hoffenheim were 2-0 up after Adam Szalai's double but Gladbach fought back to level at halftime. Two second-half goals from Kerem Demirbay kept up Hoffenheim's unbeaten home record in a goal-filled extravaganza.
Victory for struggling FC Augsburg, Mainz and VfL Wolfsburg meant bottom side Darmstadt 98 will be relegated if they do not win on Sunday at home to Schalke 04.
Wolfsburg beat second from bottom FC Ingolstadt 04 3-0 while Augsburg edged Cologne 2-1.
An own goal from Hertha defender John Brooks kept Mainz just above the relegation places in the Bundesliga as they arrested a run of five successive defeats.
Leaders Bayern Munich are at Bayer Levekusen in Saturday's late match. (Writing by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Ian Chadband)
TORONTO Canada's Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC.TO) (DDC.N) has not had any contact with Washington Corp since the privately held company made public its unsolicited $1.1 billion offer in late March, said Dominion Chairman Jim Gowans on Thursday.
Calgary, Alberta-based Dominion launched a formal sale process on March 27, after the approach by U.S. billionaire Dennis Washington. Dominion has repeatedly offered to engage with Washington Corp on "customary terms," Gowans said on a conference call with analysts, but that has not happened.
Dominion, which is seeking a new chief executive officer, is pleased with the progress of its strategic review process, Gowans said, but they would not answer a question on whether there was more than one party interested in the miner.
Prices for smaller, cheaper stones have dropped by 25 percent from the end of the third quarter, said executive vice president James Pounds on a call to discuss the company's fourth-quarter results. Prices for larger, better-quality stones had held up, due to lower stocks, they said.
Overall, rough diamond prices dropped by 7 percent, said the company, which expects demand for smaller diamonds to recover by the end of its second fiscal quarter this year.
Last November, India scrapped smaller banknotes as part of a surprise clamp-down on cash businesses. That hurt the country's cutting and polishing industry for small stones, typically below 1 carat, driving demand and prices lower.
"Dominion remains somewhat cautious on the impact of Indian demonetization, but was constructive on the Indian jewelry retail demand and returning demand from China," said BMO analyst Edward Sterck in a note to clients following the call.
(Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Matthew Lewis)
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
April 14 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Headlines
* UK banks expected to ease loan growth in Q2 – Bank of England on.ft.com/2oESG0J
*'Golden age' for UK radio as number of listeners hits record high on.ft.com/2oF1unx
*Royal Mail faces strike threat after pension scheme closure on.ft.com/2oER7jA
*Facebook blames human error for publishing child porn on.ft.com/2oEXfbw
Overview
*UK retail banks are expected to ease the supply of unsecured credit to British consumers in the middle of the year, according to the Bank of England, which has issued caveats over the state of the Britain's current borrowing boom.
*Radio listening in the UK is at a new high. Rajar, which collects audience data for the UK radio industry, shows that 48 million adults listened to just over 1 billion hours of radio each week in the last three months of 2016.
*Royal Mail Plc is facing the threat of workers' strike after it decided to close its pension scheme, affecting 90,000 members. UK postal operator said on Thursday that its 7.4 billion pounds ($9.25 billion) pension scheme will close to future accruals after March 2018.
*Facebook Inc held human error responsible for its failure to remove dozens of child pornography images and videos after they were flagged to the company. ($1 = 0.7999 pounds) (Compiled by Bhanu Pratap in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
March 31 Optimus SA:
* Says Co and Excel becomes Hopening as of March 17, 2017 Source text: bit.ly/2ogz9nG Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Adds Bridgepoint, Eletrobras, Cineworld, Vodafone and Merck; updates Dell)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2100 GMT on Friday:
** Computer maker Dell Technologies Inc said it was considering a public offering of its common stock or a combination with business software maker VMware Inc, its publicly held subsidiary, as it seeks new avenues for growth.
** Takeover target AWE Ltd has raised concerns over a bid for the company by state-owned China Energy Reserves and Chemical Group (CERCG) with the Australian Government Takeovers Panel, the regulatory body said in a statement.
** German insurer Allianz SE entered into an agreement with Janashakthi Insurance Plc to acquire 100 percent of the latter's subsidiary Janashakthi General Insurance Ltd for 16.4 billion rupees ($106.4 million).
** British aerospace and defence electronics group Cobham said it has agreed to sell its AvComm and Wireless test businesses to Viavi Solutions for $455 million, as part of the latest stage of a turnaround plan.
** CBS Corp and Viacom Inc have formed special committees to explore a merger, the companies said on Thursday, the first step in potentially reuniting the companies split by media mogul Sumner Redstone more than a decade ago.
** Russian anti-monopoly service has allowed the mid-sized gold miner GV Gold to acquire Zoloto Kamchatki and other gold assets from Russian business person Viktor Vekselberg and their partners, the service said in a statement.
** Slovenian household appliances maker Gorenje, looking for a strategic partner to improve cost efficiency and strengthen the brand, expects to receive non-binding offers by March 7, it said.
** British buyout firm Bridgepoint has mandated Rothschild to sell the residential care business of Care UK, four financial sources familiar with the matter said.
** A Brazilian Supreme Court justice knocked down an injunction that had blocked some portions of a presidential decree to privatize Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA , according to court filings.
** UK's Cineworld said its $3.6 billion deal to buy U.S. cinema chain Regal Entertainment was on track to close in March after it secured support from a majority of its own shareholders and the largest investor in Regal.
** Vodafone said it was in talks with John Malone's Liberty Global about buying some of the cable company's assets in the continental European countries where they both operate, chief among them being Germany.
** The sale of Merck KGaA's consumer health unit has been thrown off track after Nestle has pulled out, leaving the race to buy the maker of Seven Seas vitamins without its main contender, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters. (Compiled by Manas Mishra and John Benny in Bengaluru)
April 5 Ppl Corp
* Ppl corp says ceo william h. Spence's total 2016 compensation was $15.5 million versus $12.98 million in 2015 - sec filing Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2p0rIgT) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Crystal Palace striker Christian Benteke is eager to convince on-loan defender Mamadou Sakho to stay at the Premier League club past this season, the Belgian international has said.
Palace have lost just twice and kept four clean sheets in the eight league games where Sakho, who joined Palace from Liverpool on loan in January, has played at centre-back.
Benteke, who has scored 16 goals this season, played with Sakho at Liverpool and said that once 16th-placed Palace were safe from relegation, signing the Frenchman, who suffered a knee injury last week, would be the next priority.
"I'm trying to persuade them to stay but it will be tough," Benteke told British media. "He'll have offers from other clubs, although our chairperson and boss will try to get them to stay too.
"He's made such a difference to us. First, we have to make sure we remain in the Prem (league), but we're not far away now."
Benteke, who joined Palace at the beginning of the season under former manager Alan Pardew, said the club had to improve next season.
"It wasn't the plan when I came to fight relegation," Benteke said. "Next season we have to aim for the top half of the Premier League table."
Palace travel to fourth-placed Manchester City on Saturday and a win would guarantee they remain in the league for another season.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Alankit Ltd:
* TO CONSIDER APPOINTMENT OF SANTOSHI LAL GUPTA AS CFO Source text - bit.ly/2FDuOQo Further company coverage:
PERTH, Australia (AP) " The Western Force has been granted an injunction as it fights the Australian Rugby Union's decision to cut the club from a revamped Super Rugby competition in 2018.
The injunction was granted Monday by the Supreme Court of New South Wales state, where Rugby Western Australia has started the process of appealing last Friday's decision to cut the Force from the southern hemisphere's premier provincial rugby tournament.
It means the ARU can't start the process of reassigning Force players before Aug. 21, when the Sydney-based court is expected to decide whether or not it will allow the appeal.
The ARU had hoped to end a period of turmoil when it ended months of uncertainty by announcing which one of its five Super Rugby clubs it would cut.
Advertisement
But the Force has responded with legal action which promises to prolong an already bitter dispute. Bill Pulver has already announced they will quit as ARU chief executive as soon as a replacement can be found.
The ARU promised in April to make the decision on which team to cut within 72 hours of a meeting of Super Rugby organizers.
But there was no easy choice between the Melbourne-based Rebels and the Perth-based Force. The Rebels, who joined Super Rugby in 2011, have carved out a small foothold in the highly competitive and lucrative Melbourne sporting market. The Force, added in 2006, were seen as vital by giving rugby a presence on Australia's west coast whereas it's traditional base has always been in the east coast states of New South Wales and Queensland.
The Australian Rugby Players' Association quickly condemned the ARU decision's decision to cut the Perth franchise, with chief executive Ross Xenos describing it as "the darkest day in the history of Australian rugby."
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
May 3 Telia
* Telia Company announces proposed sale of part of its stake in Turkcell
* Says announces launch of an accelerated bookbuilding offering to institutional investors of approximately 150 million shares in Turkcell, representing approximately 6.8 percent of Turkcell's issued share capital
* Says if all offered shares are sold, Telia Company's direct stake in Turkcell will be reduced to 7.2 percent
* Says Telia Company will continue to be the largest shareholder in Turkcell in economic terms post today's proposed transaction
* Says there is no present intention regarding any sale of the shares that represent Telia Company's indirect interest in Turkcell
* Says transaction is expected to settle on May 8 2017
* Telia Company's total interest in Turkcell is approximately 38.0 percent of its issued share capital, comprising a 14.0 percent direct stake and 24.0 percent indirect stake Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
April 7 Avita Medical Ltd:
* Asx alert-FDA approves more compassionate use cases & sites for recell-AVH.AX
* U.S. FDA approved further increase in number of patients who can be treated in U.S. With recell regenerative medical device under Avita Medical
* Expects to submit its clinical and non-clinical data package in mid-2017, with an anticipated FDA approval in the second calendar quarter of 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 CLS Holdings Plc
* Sale of site of its proposed mixed-use vauxhall square development to r&f properties for £157.77 million
* At 31 December 2016, Vauxhall Square was valued at £100 million
* Will make a profit on disposal of about £40 million after costs, which will add some 70 pence to pro forma EPRA NAV
* R&F Properties will assume CLS's obligations for relocation of hostel at 62 bondway, resulting in a net consideration of £144.1 million, received in cash at completion
* No debt secured against site and it is anticipated that full sale proceeds will be re-invested in co
* Expected that completion will be on or around 4 May 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds comment from American)
By Jonathan Stempel
May 3 A federal appeals court on Wednesday revived a lawsuit accusing US Airways, now part of American Airlines Group Inc, of refusing to refund a passenger's checked baggage fee even though it delivered their bag a day late.
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco said Hayley Hickcox-Huffman could pursue their proposed class action on behalf of other travelers, because federal law did not pre-empt their state law-based breach-of-contract claim.
American spokesperson Matt Miller said the Fort Worth, Texas-based carrier, which merged with US Airways in 2013, is reviewing its legal options. The plaintiff's lawyers did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Carriers say baggage fees, typically $25 for the first bag, help keep base fares low and let passengers decide which add-ons to buy. Critics say the fees disguise the true cost of flying.
American collected $1.12 billion in baggage fees last year, more than any other U.S. carrier, and more than one-quarter of the $4.18 billion collected by all U.S. carriers, the Department of Transportation said on Tuesday.
Hickcox-Huffman sued US Airways to recover a $15 fee, after their bag did not show up following a May 2009 flight to San Luis Obispo, California, from Colorado Springs, Colorado.
A lower court judge dismissed their claim in April 2011, saying it was pre-empted by the federal Airline Deregulation Act.
But the appeals court, which delayed its decision because of rulings in other cases, said US Airways had committed to offer "on-time baggage delivery," not merely use its best efforts.
Circuit Judge Andrew Kleinfeld rejected the carrier's arguments that it owed nothing because it never promised a refund, and that a victory for Hickcox-Huffman would require all carriers to deliver checked bags on time, or else for free.
"No state law made US Airways promise timely delivery of the first bag for $15," Kleinfeld wrote.
"Enforcing its voluntarily undertaken obligation comports with the purpose of the Airline Deregulation Act, which simply holds parties to their agreements," they added.
The case was sent back to the lower court for further proceedings.
The case is Hickcox-Huffman v US Airways Inc et al, 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 11-16305. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Tom Brown)
ABOVE PHOTO: Insecure
LOS ANGELES–With both series seeing record viewership this season, HBO has renewed the comedy series “Ballers” for a fourth season and “Insecure” for a third season, it was announced by Amy Gravitt, executive vice president, HBO Programming.
“We're thrilled that the summer lineup of “Ballers” and “Insecure” connected with our viewers out of the gate,” said Gravitt. “We're so proud to work with Dwayne, Issa and all of the amazing talent in both shows.”
Looking at the whirlwind lifestyles and real-life problems of former and current football players, “Ballers” stars Dwayne Johnson as ex-superstar Spencer Strasmore, who has reinvented themselves as a financial manager for today's players in sun-soaked Miami. Created by Stephen Levinson (HBO's “Boardwalk Empire”), the hit comedy series returned for its ten-episode third season Sunday, July 23 (10:00-10:30 p.m. ET/PT), exclusively on HBO.
Other cast regulars for the current season include: Rob Corddry, John David Washington, Omar Benson Miller, Donovan Carter, Troy Garity, London Brown, Jazmyn Simon and Dulé Hill.
“Ballers” was created by Stephen Levinson; executive produced by Stephen Levinson, Mark Wahlberg, Dwayne Johnson, Dany Garcia, Peter Berg, Evan Reilly, Rob Weiss, Julian Farino, Denis Biggs, Karyn McCarthy.
Created by Issa Rae and Larry Wilmore, “Insecure” follows the friendship of two black women as they deal with their own real-life flaws while attempting to navigate different worlds and cope with an endless series of uncomfortable everyday experiences. Issa Rae, Yvonne Orji, Jay Ellis and Lisa Joyce star in the show, which returned for its eight-episode second season Sunday, July 23 (10:30-11:00 p.m. ET/PT).
(Corrects purchase price in headline)
SYDNEY, April 12 Australia's TPG Telecom Ltd said it will pay the federal government A$1.26 billion ($945.38 million) for mobile phone airspace and spend another A$600 million to build a network, enabling it to bring its services to 80 percent of the population.
TPG, 34 percent owned by Malaysia-born entrepreneur David Teoh, added that it plans to raise A$400 million in a rights issue to pay down debt and allow it to re-draw the cash to pay for the three-year infrastructure build.
($1 = 1.3328 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Abu Malek, one of the survivors of a chemical attack in the Ghouta region of Damascus that took place in 2013, uses their crutches to walk along a street in the Ghouta town of Ain Tarma, Syria April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
A view shows the rest of a missile fragments fired in 2013 near the Ghouta town of Ain Tarma, Syria April 7, 2017. Picture taken April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
Abu Ghassan, 50, one of the survivors of a chemical attack in the Ghouta region of Damascus that took place in 2013, points at a piece of one of the rockets fired in 2013, as they stand in the Ghouta town of Ain Tarma, Syria April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
BEIRUT/EASTERN GHOUTA, Syria It's the dead children that still haunt Abu Ghassan, who was blinded for more than a month and paralysed for weeks by a nerve gas attack four years ago in a Damascus suburb. They recovered; 37 members of their family were among the hundreds of dead.
Last week, when another gas attack killed at least 87 people hundreds of miles to the north, the memories rushed back, hard. When they learned of it, they wept "like a child", the 50 year-old recalls in Ain Tarma, one of three towns hit by poison gas in 2013 in areas near Damascus collectively known as the Ghouta.
Last week's attack in the northern town of Khan Sheikhoun was the first time Western countries say the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad again used the banned nerve gas sarin since the attack four years ago in the Ghouta.
Damascus denies it was to blame for either attack, but the diplomatic effects of both were dramatic. Four years ago, the United States nearly bombed the Syrian government, only to pull back when Assad agreed to give up their chemical arsenal and submit to U.N. inspections. After last week's attack, President Donald Trump fired U.S. cruise missiles at Syrian government targets for the first time.
Survivors of the Ghouta attack four years ago never lost the fear they could be gassed again at any moment, said Amer Zaydan, a 28-year-old school director from another part of eastern Ghouta. The new strike hammered it home.
"After the Khan Sheikhoun massacre, we've gone back to that first moment, as if we are the ones who went through it," they said. "The people here are terrified."
Since last week's attack - which like those four years ago came just before dawn when the wind is the calmest and poison gas most effective - residents have activated a night watch, staying up to warn others in case of another attack.
Zaydan recalls seeing hundreds of dead people before falling unconscious themselves as they tried to help victims. They were blinded for days. "It was like the end of days."
"I don't know what happened to the child I was holding at the time," said Zaydan. Seven members of their family were killed. One of their cousins, presumed dead, was being prepared for burial when it was discovered they were still alive.
"We have not forgotten this thing. It cannot be forgotten, when you see hundreds of people dying, it's a scene that cannot possibly be forgotten," they said. "You walk through a district, you remember that here an entire family died, or here an entire district died."
VINEGAR BY Their SIDE
Abu Ghassan in Ain Tarma also lives with the constant fear of another strike.
They say they were saved only by their military training, covering their face with a wet shirt when they first sense the poison, while none of the friends they were with survived. Since then, they have always kept cloth and vinegar to hand in case of another attack.
Pieces of a rocket that bore the poison still litter the rubble-strewn floor of the apartment that it struck. Some parts were taken by U.N. inspectors, but the rest was kept in case it can one day be used in a war crimes tribunal, Abu Ghassan said.
Residents have returned to live in most of the apartment block. Abu Ghassan remembers returning home to the sight of dead birds and chickens in the street by the house.
Today, Syrian government forces are in a much stronger position than they were four years ago, and the opposition-held areas are even more vulnerable. The western Ghouta, where one of the strikes hit, is now under government control.
The eastern Ghouta, where two towns were hit, has been effectively under siege for years and more vulnerable than ever, say doctors, who have never been able to replenish supplies of atropine, the medicine used to treat nerve gas patients.
"After the massacre in Khan Sheikhoun, it's like the Ghouta is on high alert. We feel as though we are next," said Abu Ibrahim Baker, a surgeon who treated victims of the attack four years ago at two hospitals.
"If God forbid a massacre happens like the 2013 one, there will be three or four times the deaths, because we no longer have as much atropine or capacities to resist at all."
Hammam Daoud, a doctor who was in western Ghouta during the 2013 attack, said they were immediately struck on seeing the images last week of bodies gone limp and patients foaming at the mouth.
"The pictures we saw from Khan Sheikhoun were similar to what we saw. The pictures of the victims, the symptoms were almost identical," said Daoud, speaking from Turkey, where they moved a few months ago as part of a negotiated withdrawal that gave Assad's opponents safe passage out of the area.
"It is hard to talk about, it was greater than anything you expect. Medically, the thoracic symptoms did not cease, no one was 100 percent better, and we were unable to treat them well, because we had no tools," they said in a phone interview.
Seeing footage from Khan Sheikhoun, they said they felt "the same level of despair".
"This despair will not leave us. The helplessness you feel because of these cases, it is unmatched," they said. "I lost hope in everything."
(Reporting by Tom Perry, Ellen Francis in Beirut, Suleiman al-Khalidi in Amman, and a reporter in the Eastern Ghouta; writing by Tom Perry; editing by Peter Graff)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Clemson, S.C.-Clemson had a national best and school record six players named to one of the three Associated Press All-America teams announced on Monday. The list included three of Clemson's four defensive linemen and four defenders overall.
Clelin Ferrell (DE) was named first-team by AP, while Mitch Hyatt (OT), Christian Wilkins (DT) and Dorian O'Daniel (LB) were second-team selections. Tyrone Crowder (OG) and Austin Bryant (DE) were third team selections.
The previous best for Associated Press All-Americans in a season by the Clemson program is five by the 2016 National Championship team. It marks the first time Clemson has had three defensive linemen named All-American in the same season.
Ferrell, a redshirt sophomore, is fourth on the Clemson team in tackles with 61 and has a team best 17 tackles or loss, including 8.5 sacks. They join Deshaun Watson (sophomore, 2015) and Sammy Watkins (first-year student, 2011) as the only Clemson first-year student or sophomores to make first-team AP All-American.
Bryant was a third-team All-American selection by Associated Press, but they were a first-team selection by the Football Writers Association on Monday. Bryant is second to Ferrell in tackles for loss and sacks. The junior from Pavo, Ga has 14.5 tackles for loss and 7.5 sacks.
Wilkins is the only returning All-American from last year's team. A third-team selection by AP last year, the native of Springfield, Mass was a second-team choice by Associated Press on Monday. They were named second team by the Walter Camp Foundation last week.
O'Daniel was a second team selection by AP, but was earlier a first-team choice by Sports Illustrated. The graduate leads Clemson in tackles with 99, including 10.5 tackles for loss and a team best four takeaways.
Hyatt is the leader of Clemson's strong offensive line. They have been named second team All-American by seven services so far. The native of Georgia has started 41 games the last three years. Graduate from Tyrone Crowder was named a third-team AP All-American as an offensive guard.
With 11 All-America teams announced so far, Clemson has eight players named first, second or third team All-American by some service. Earlier Dexter Lawrence was named third team by the website Sports on Earth at defensive tackle. Ray-Ray McCloud was a second team selection as a punt returner by Pro Football Focus.
Clemson All-America Summary
Austin Bryant: Football Writers Association (1), Walter Camp (2), Associated Press (3),
Clelin Ferrell: Associated Press (1), Sports on Earth (1), Football Writers Association (2), USA Today (2), The All-American (2), Sports Illustrated (2)
Dorian O'Daniel: Sports Illustrated (1), Bleacher Report (1), Associated Press (2),
Christian Wilkins: Associated Press (2), Walter Camp (2), Sports on Earth (3)
Dexter Lawrence: Sports on Earth (3)
Mitch Hyatt: Associated Press (2), USA Today (2), Football Writers Association (2), Walter Camp (2), The All-American (2), Sports on Earth (2), College Football News (2)
Tyrone Crowder: Associated Press (3), College Football News (HM)
Justin Falcinelli: College Football News (HM)
Ray-Ray McCloud: Pro Football Focus (2, Punt returner)
April 5 Fujitsu Ltd :
* Says Fujitsu is offering takeover bid for shares in Solekia Ltd at 5,000 yen per share instead of 4,000 yen per share previously
* Says the total amount for the acquisition is raised to 3.68 billion yen, up from 2.94 billion yen
* Says previous plan was disclosed on March 29
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/Uqi7er ; goo.gl/C2XKvY
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A former Trump campaign aide at the centre of a controversial Republican memo released on Friday said they would take further legal steps now that House Republicans made the four-page secret document public.
“Now that a few of the misdeeds against the Trump Movement have been partially revealed, I look forward to updating my pending legal action in opposition to DOJ this weekend,” Carter Page said in an emailed statement. Page has sued the owner of Yahoo News and the U.S. government operator of Radio Free Europe.
UNDATED - Minnesota employers had about 123,000 job openings in the second quarter of this year. The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development says that's up 26 percent from the same period a year ago when there were more than 97,000 vacancies statewide.
Sixty-percent of the job openings were in the seven-county Twin Cities metro area.
The most openings are in health care and social assistance, followed by accommodation and food services, retail, manufacturing, education, and construction.
Fifty-nine percent of the openings are either for part-time work or temporary seasonal jobs.
Former Bulgarian prime minister and leader of centre-right GERB party Boiko Borisov gestures during a news conference at the party's headquarters in Sofia, Bulgaria March 26, 2017. REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov
SOFIA Bulgaria's largest party, the centre-right GERB, expects to form a government with three nationalist parties by late April and return Boiko Boriskov to power as prime minister, a senior party official said on Monday.
Borisov's GERB won 95 seats in the general election on March 26, beating its leftist Socialist rivals, but it failed to gain an outright 121-seat majority in parliament.
Their resignation late last year triggered the early election.
GERB has told the third-placed United Patriots (UP), a nationalist alliance of three parties, that the prime minister's post will not be subject of their coalition negotiations.
"The prime minister of the next government that will be formed I suppose by the end of this month ... will be Boiko Borisov", said Vladislav Goranov, an MP and member of GERB's political negotiating team. "There's no doubt about that."
Goranov's comments to reporters came after one of the nationalist leaders had suggested that Borisov, 57, should not lead the next government.
Borisov quit as premier after a GERB-backed candidate lost a presidential election in November to Rumen Radev, a Russia-friendly ally of the Socialists. Bulgaria is currently being run by a caretaker administration.
The UP alliance campaigned to boost low living standards and double the minimum monthly state pensions, now at 160 levs ($87.25) - the lowest in the European Union.
Analysts say such demands, coupled with GERB's plans to double teachers' wages within four years, may boost public spending and pose risks to Bulgaria's currency peg to the euro.
But Goranov, a former finance minister likely to get the same post in the next government, told reporters they were not worried for state coffers.
A coalition with the nationalists would have just one seat above the majority threshold of 121 seats and Goranov said GERB would also seek support of smaller, populist grouping of business person Veselin Mareshki.
Bulgaria's polls suggested the country would continue with its fiscal and economic policies but was unlikely to break a pattern of unstable governments that have hindered structural reforms, Fitch rating agency said last week.
The timing for inter-party negotiations has yet to be set.
GERB has not ruled out leading a minority government, but Goranov called such an option "extreme."
(1$= 1.8338 leva)
(Editing by Radu Marinas and Tom Heneghan)
April 5 Scansource Inc
* Scansource Inc - On April 3, 2017, co, units entered into an amendment to its amended and restated credit agreement - SEC Filing
* Scansource Inc - Amendment extends maturity of its $300 million multi-currency senior secured revolving credit facility to April 3, 2022
* Scansource Inc - Under amended facility, Scansource may request to increase its borrowings up to a total of $500 million Source text: [bit.ly/2oEbbCQ] Further company coverage:
The Enugu Electricity Distribution Company (EEDC) has reiterated its commitment to protecting its staff and prosecuting anyone or group that attacks or inflicts harm on them while going about their legitimate duties.
The company is also not relenting in prosecuting those vandalising its electrical installations.
This is coming after Their Worship, J. I. Austine-Okeke, recently, at Oke Uvuru Magistrate Court, Mbaise, Imo State, sentenced Chika George (32 years), Simon Nmerole (61 years) and Jonah Eberechi (20 years) to one year imprisonment respectively, without an option of fine, for attacking staff of EEDC attached to Okpofe/Uvuru Service Centre, under Mbaise district, Imo State, unleashing machete cut on one of them while they were on duty.
The incident took place on the 25th of September, 2017, when the apartment of Simon Nmerole was disconnected for non-payment of electricity bill. “On realising this, instead of arranging to pay their bill, they went on to mobilise their cohorts who disrupted activities of the EEDC staff. It was in the process that Chika George rushed to the scene with a machete and inflicted a cut on one of the staff.
The trio, who are indigenes of Umuekeugo Ogbor Uvuru in Aboh Mbaise Local Government Area, Imo State, were charged and prosecuted on five-count charge bordering on assault, threat and conspiracy.”
In a related development, Their Worship, Uzoma Udeze, at the Chief Magistrate Court of Oyi Magisterial District, Nteje, Anambra State, sentenced 19- year-old Chukwudi Igboekwuto to two years and six months imprisonment for attacking a distribution substation belonging to EEDC, located at Genesis Estate, Omife 3-3, Anambra State.
The items vandalised from the substation are: 2×5 Meters and 500mm two single core cables.
CHICAGO U.S. agricultural trader Bunge Ltd (BG.N) reported a sharply lower first-quarter profit on Wednesday and cut its full-year earnings forecast as slow crop sales by farmers in South America squeezed margins in its core agribusiness unit, sending shares tumbling.
White Plains, New York-based Bunge said net income available to shareholders plunged 82 percent in the quarter, led by a steep drop in agribusiness, which buys, sells, store, processes and transports crops around the world.
Bunge shares tumbled more than 11 percent, the steepest decline in 15 months, to close at $67.04.
The earnings miss came a day after rival grain trader Archer Daniels Midland Co (ADM.N) reported its third global trading loss in five quarters and warned of a weaker year ahead in grain trading, dealing ADM shares their biggest loss in eight years.
Low grain prices and a global grain glut have eroded margins for agribusinesses including Bunge, ADM and competitors Cargill Inc and Louis Dreyfus Corp. The companies, collectively known as the ABCDs, dominate the global grain trading business.
"As it looks right now, if you assume good growing conditions in the U.S., then we will be in this oversupply environment for at least another year," Bunge Chief Executive Soren Schroder told Reuters in an interview.
"We have to prepare ourselves to operate in an environment with compressed margins and we have to be more efficient and focus on cost," they said.
By the end of the first quarter, South American farmers had yet to sell over 70 percent of their corn and soy crops as they awaited higher prices. That unsold volume was a record high, or very close to one, Schroder said.
As a result, profit for Bunge's agribusiness segment, its largest unit in terms of volume and sales, fell more than 61 percent to $109 million.
The company said it expects "solid earnings growth" this year, but cut its full-year earnings target for agribusiness by a range of $95 million to $125 million, and trimmed its food and ingredients unit target by $25 million.
Lower first-quarter earnings also prompted Bunge to cut capex for 2017 by $50 million, likely delaying investments in "some smaller projects across both agribusiness and food," Schroder said.
Net income available to Bunge's shareholders fell to $39 million, or 27 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $222 million, or $1.54 per share, a year earlier.
(Additional reporting by Swetha Gopinath in Bengaluru; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Matthew Lewis)
FILE PHOTO: Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag addresses the Turkish Parliament during a debate in Ankara in this March 19, 2014. REUTERS/Umit Bektas/File
ANKARA The arrest in the United States of a top Turkish banker charged with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate sanctions against Iran is a "completely political" move, Turkish Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag said on Thursday.
The Halkbank executive is accused of conspiring with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is already on trial. Bozdag said there was no evidence incriminating Zarrab or Turkey.
The arrest escalates a case that has fuelled tension between the United States and Turkey. President Tayyip Erdoğan has said they believed U.S. authorities had "ulterior motives" in prosecuting Zarrab, who was arrested in March 2016 in Miami.
"There is nothing legally sound there and Turkey is facing a completely political plot," Bozdag told broadcaster A Haber. "It aims to tarnish the Turkish state, government and president."
Shares of Halkbank, Turkey's fifth-largest listed bank by assets, endured their biggest one-day fall on Wednesday, falling 14 percent after Deputy General Manager Mehmet Hakan Atilla was charged. They rose 0.7 percent on Thursday.
Atilla is accused of conspiring with Zarrab to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars of illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other entities in that country.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is visiting Ankara on Thursday and will hold talks with Erdoğan and other Turkish officials.
(Reporting by Orhan Coskun and Humeyra Pamuk; Writing by Daren Butler; Editing by David Dolan)
Christian Lindner, chairperson of the liberal Free Democratic Party FDP addresses the media in Berlin, Germany, March 14, 2016. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
BERLIN Germany's business-friendly Free Democrats (FDP) want to win back voters and become kingmaker in coalition talks after a federal election in six months by promising lower taxes, higher investment in infrastructure and a tough stance on Turkey.
Recent polls put support for the FDP, which was the junior coalition partner to Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives from 2009 to 2013, at 5 to 7 percent. That suggests it will get enough support to cross the 5 percent threshold to enter the Bundestag lower house of parliament in elections on Sept. 24.
Presenting the FDP's platform titled "No longer on the sidelines", party leader Christian Lindner said the FDP wanted to become the voice of the "impatient center" of society by emphasizing self-responsibility and liberal values.
"People can do great things if you just let them," Lindner told reporters, adding that the FDP's motto in the election campaign would be 'German courage' instead of 'German angst'.
The FDP wants to manage the balancing act of lowering taxes and increasing investment in education and digital infrastructure by privatising state assets.
Lindner said the government could raise over 10 billion euros by selling stakes in firms such as Deutsche Bahn [DBN.UL], Deutsche Telekom and Deutsche Post.
On foreign policy, the FDP called for the European Union to quit membership talks with Turkey and freeze any further financial aid to the government of President Tayyip Erdoğan.
"For us, Turkey in its current state under the despotic regime of Erdoğan can no longer be a candidate for accession," FDP party secretary general Nicola Beer told reporters.
Lindner repeated their stance that Greece could only stay in the euro zone and receive more financial aid from its European partners if it implemented the structural reforms agreed in its bailout program.
The likely alternative would be a debt cut, which would result in its departure from the euro zone, they said.
Lindner said they wanted the party to regain its traditional role as the decisive force in shaping a coalition government.
"I want to be the chancellor maker," they said.
Asked about possible coalition partners, Lindner only ruled out joining forces with the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) and the far-left Linke.
The FDP's power in state legislatures has been diminished in recent years by the rise of other parties, including the AfD. It failed to win enough votes for representation in the Bundestag lower house of parliament in 2013.
(Editing by Julia Glover)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration on Friday announced it will continue much of the Obama administration's nuclear weapons policy, but take a more aggressive stance toward Russia. It said Russia must be convinced it would face "unacceptably dire costs" if it were to threaten even a limited nuclear attack in Europe.
The sweeping review of U.S. nuclear policy does not call for any net increase in strategic nuclear weapons — a position that stands in contrast to President Donald Trump's statement, in a tweet shortly before they took office, that the U.S. "must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes." In their State of the Union address Tuesday, they made no mention of expansion, though they said the arsenal must deter acts of aggression.
A 74-page report summarizing the review's findings calls North Korea a "clear and grave threat" to the U.S. and its allies. It asserts that any North Korean nuclear attack against the U.S. or its allies will result in "the end of that regime."
It also cast China as a potential nuclear adversary, saying the U.S. arsenal is tailored to "prevent Beijing from mistakenly concluding" that it could gain advantage by using its nuclear weapons in Asia, or that "any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is acceptable."
Advertisement
The Pentagon-led review of the U.S. nuclear arsenal and the policies that govern it was ordered by Trump a year ago. In a written statement, Trump said U.S. strategy is designed to make use of nuclear weapons less likely. In an apparent reference to the threat of catastrophic cyberattack, they said the U.S. aims to strengthen deterrence of major attacks against the U.S. and its allies, including those that "may not come in the form of nuclear weapons."
Known officially as a nuclear posture review, and customarily done at the outset of a new administration, the report drew blistering criticism from arms control groups.
"President Trump is embarking on a reckless path — one that will reduce U.S. security both now and in the longer term," said Lisbeth Gronlund, a senior scientist at the Union of Concerned Scientists. They said the administration is blurring the line between nuclear and conventional war-fighting.
The Trump administration concluded that the U.S. should largely follow its predecessor's blueprint for modernizing the nuclear arsenal, including new bomber aircraft, submarines and land-based missiles. It also endorsed adhering to existing arms control agreements, including the New START treaty that limits the United States and Russia each to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads on a maximum of 700 deployed launchers.
The treaty, negotiated under President Barack Obama, entered into force on Feb. 5, 2011, and its weapons limits must be met by Monday. The U.S. says it has been in compliance with the limits since August and it expects the Russians to comply by Monday's deadline. As of Sept. 1, the last date for which official figures are available, Russia was below the launcher limit but slightly above the warhead limit, at 1,561.
"Moscow has repeatedly stated its intention to meet those limits on time, and we have no reason to believe that that won't be the case," State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said Thursday.
The Pentagon's nuclear review concluded that while arms control can advance American interests, "further progress is difficult to envision," in light of what the U.S. considers Russia's aggression in Ukraine and violations of existing arms deals. Administration officials briefed Russian and Chinese officials Friday prior to the review's public release.
The Trump nuclear doctrine breaks with Obama's in ending their push to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in U.S. defense policy. Like Obama, Trump would consider using nuclear weapons only in "extreme circumstances," while maintaining a degree of ambiguity about what that means. But Trump sees a fuller deterrent role for these weapons, as reflected in the plan to develop new capabilities to counter Russia in Europe.
The administration's view is that Russian policies and actions are fraught with potential for miscalculation leading to an uncontrolled escalation of conflict in Europe. It specifically points to a Russian doctrine known as "escalate to de-escalate," in which Moscow would use or threaten to use smaller-yield nuclear weapons in a limited, conventional conflict in Europe in the belief that doing so would compel the U.S. and NATO to back down.
"Recent Russian statements on this evolving nuclear weapons doctrine appear to lower the threshold for Moscow's first-use of nuclear weapons," the review said.
The administration proposes a two-step solution.
First, it would modify "a small number" of existing long-range ballistic missiles carried by Trident strategic submarines to fit them with smaller-yield nuclear warheads. John Rood, the undersecretary of defense for policy, declined to provide an estimate of the cost, saying it would be partially included in the 2019 budget that will be submitted to Congress later this month. They said the missile would be fielded "in the near term," but they refused to be more specific.
Second, "in the longer term," the administration would develop a nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile — re-establishing a weapon that existed during the Cold War but was retired in 2011 by the Obama administration.
Robert Soofer, a senior nuclear policy official at the Pentagon who helped direct the policy review, said Moscow is likely to push back on the U.S. plan for fielding those two additional weapons.
"I'm sure they won't respond well," Soofer said Thursday.
The press secretary at the Russian Embassy in Washington, Nikolay Lakhonin, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
___
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 KBR Inc
* KBR executes global master contract with Chevron
* KBR Inc - Signed a multi-phase ten-year engineering and procurement services master contract with Chevron U.S.A. Inc
* KBR Inc - Contract with Chevron U.S.A. Inc. to provide engineering and procurement services for Chevron in multiple global locations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LAIKIPIA, Kenya, April 10 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Catherine Loiyan looked in dismay at their patch of land in Kenya's northern Laikipia County. A month ago it was bursting with tomatoes, maize, cabbage and potatoes.
Now all that is left are a few trampled leaves and crushed stalks after herders drove their cows onto their farm in the drought-hit region, where competition for grazing and water holes has ignited a series of deadly attacks in the past few months.
"I have nothing to show for my farming," said the mother of six, watching clouds of dust form as they sat under an acacia tree to escape the afternoon heat.
"I have nothing to feed my children for the next season," they said.
At least a dozen people have been killed in a recent spike in insecurity, prompting President Uhuru Kenyatta to announce on March 17 that they were sending troops to the northern regions of Laikipia and Baringo to stem the violence.
Some residents say local politicians are fanning tensions in the under-developed, semi-arid region in an effort to win votes from ethnic blocs in national elections scheduled for August.
Drought is a regular feature of life in northern Kenya, but locals say the changing climate has led to more frequent and more severe dry spells, exacerbating the battle for scarce resources.
Cattle herders who have roamed the region with their cows and goats for years see no reason to stop driving herds onto land that was once communally owned before being divided and subdivided in the 1980s and 1990s.
“We can't let our animals die when there are plenty of pastures and water in these farms," said Joseph ole Rapanke, a herder who has let their animals graze on farm fields.
TEDIOUS PROCESS
Under Kenyan law, trespassers risk a prison sentence of two years and a maximum fine of 500 shillings ($5) for illegally entering property. They can be prosecuted under criminal law and sued in a civil case.
But in reality, few serve time in prison.
Ole Rapanke has paid more than 16 fines for illegal herding this year alone, both in court and out of it.
The owner of 200 cows, 50 goats and 20 sheep, Rapanke said they have lost more than 125 animals to drought, which has scorched grass and fodder for miles around.
"I can't risk losing more," they said. "I would rather graze on private land and ranches and be fined 500 shillings than risk losing an animal worth more than 20,000 shillings ($195)."
Farmers say attempts to seek justice lead only to frustration.
When Beatrice Lankenua's farm was first invaded by cattle, they reported the matter to the authorities who told them to get an officer from the Ministry of Agriculture officer to come and assess the damage to them crops.
They were then told to get photographic evidence of the damage and have an expert from the Ministry of Public Works survey any damage to structures such as fences.
"This not only cost me money but it was so tedious a process that by the end of it all, the illegal herders had only 500 shillings to pay in court," Lankenua said.
"A LITTLE TOO LITTLE"
Joyce Naserian, another farmer, said they had been taunted by herders who ask whether they should pay the 500 shilling fine to them or to the court.
"(They) are just too glad to plead guilty to the illegal grazing charges after which they cheerfully move on," they said.
Passed in 1962, the Trespass Act was introduced when Kenya was still a British colony - and has not been amended since.
"The Trespass Act is one of those old laws that we inherited from the colonial government," said Ramadhan Abubakar, a partner at Magee Wa Magee Advocates based in Kirinyaga County.
They agree that the fine for breaking the law is now too low.
"This amount is a little too little and does not serve one of the main purposes of punishment," they said. The fine needs to be larger, they said. But "be that as it may, ‎it is a necessary law."
($1 = 103.3000 Kenyan shillings) (Reporting by Caroline Wambui; editing by Katie Nguyen. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, women's rights, property rights and trafficking. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories)
Hulu LLC said on Wednesday it has launched its live TV streaming service, putting itself in the center of a growing and competitive market as viewers increasingly watch TV through the internet rather than on cable and satellite television.
For $40 a month, Hulu will offer 50 sports, news, entertainment and kids' channels, including ABC, CBS, FOX and NBC, CNN, CNBC, Fox News, MSNBC, A&E and the Disney Channel. The new service will also include its current video streaming options.
The service includes 50 hours of recording storage, up to six individual profiles and two simultaneous streams per account.
Hulu is owned by Walt Disney Co, Comcast Corp, Twenty-First Century Fox Inc and Time Warner Inc.
Hulu, which competes with AT&T Inc's DirecTVNow and Dish Network Corp's Sling TV, said in a separate statement that its viewership growth has reached 47 million total unique viewers. In May 2016, Hulu said it had 30 million unique viewers.
(Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Media Contact
Solace Duncan
solaceduncan@ gmail.com Solace Duncan
End
-- MEDIA ADVISORYContact: Solace Duncansolaceduncan@gmail. (mailto:solace@refugeecongress.org)com(202) 907-4775Utah's Refugee Leaders Available to Discuss Refugee IssuesWhat: Refugee leaders from Utah, Arizona, California, South Dakota, New Mexico, and Nevada will gather in Salt Lake City for a multi-state meeting to share ideas and strategies for ensuring that refugees are welcomed to Utah.Refugee Leaders are available for interviews on the impact of the travel ban on their communities and on refugee resettlement in Utah. They are available to share their own stories and talk about their journeys - why and how they came to the US and how they were able to become contributing members of their communities as new Utah residents.Who: Refugees and former refugees from Iraq, Bhutan, South Sudan, Sudan, Sierra Leone, Chad, Liberia and Democratic Republic of the Congo, including:Fatima Dirie- Fatima Dirie was born in Barawa, Somalia, and raised in Kenya and Utah. They attainted a Master's degree in Social Work from the University of Utah. Fatima is passionate about advocating for human rights and social justice issues, empowering women and youth to be leaders, and educating people on refugee populations.Gyanu Dulal- Mr. Gyanu Dulal was a 20-year-old college student when they were wcj forced to flee Bhutan in 1991. They spent the next 18 years living and working as a teacher in a refugee camp in Nepal. In 2008, Mr. Dulal was resettled to Salt Lake City, Utah with their wife and two children. They now works as a Community Resource Specialist at the Department of Workforce Services, Refugee Services Office.Find the bios of other refugee leaders participating in the meeting here ( https://drive.google.com/ file/d/0B_n3P- u-mYbUdGFKTE90RmRG... ).When/Where: The Statewide Refugee Leadership Meeting takes place in Salt Lake City on October 6- 7th. Refugee Leaders will be available for:• In-person interviews on Friday or Saturday October 6 or 7th at Utah Refugee Education and Training Center, 250 West 3900 SouthSLC, UT 84107OR• Phone or in-person interviews in their home cities after the meeting.Please contact Solace Duncan to request interviews.###The Refugee Congress is a national advocacy and advisory organization comprised of refugees, asylum seekers, and stateless persons from each of the 50 states and the District of Columbia. Our mission is to promote the well-being, integration, and dignity of all refugees, asylum seekers, and stateless persons in the U.S. and beyond. We do that by bringing our voices and experiences to inform decision makers on domestic and international issues and policies affecting our lives.
* Feb industrial output s/adj -3.4 pct m/m (Reuters poll 0.0 pct)
* Base effects, semiconductors drag down output -statistics official
* Economic recovery still ongoing -officials (Adds more details, official comments)
By Christine Kim
SEOUL, March 31 South Korea's industrial output plunged at the fastest pace in more than eight years, government data showed on Friday, erasing gains seen in the previous month and dragged down by semiconductor production.
In monthly terms, factory output fell by a seasonally adjusted 3.4 percent in February from a month earlier, marking the sharpest drop since late 2008 when output plummeted 10.6 percent. A Reuters poll projected output would show no growth from a month earlier.
The decline was largely due to the unusually sharp 2.9 percent jump seen in January, revised down from a 3.3 percent rise seen earlier.
Statistics Korea said smartphone manufacturers had opted to use inventories as sales turned sluggish last month, although but this was seen as temporary ahead of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd launching its latest flagship phone, which it did on Thursday.
The government shrugged off Friday's gloomy data, seeing South Korea's economy still on its way to recovery.
"Despite political risks in the country, we determine the economy is expanding at a pace for growth in the mid-2 percent range," Lee Ho-seung, director general of the economic policy bureau at the ministry, told Reuters.
From a year earlier, output jumped 6.6 percent in February after a revised 1.4 percent gain in the previous month, Statistics Korea said. Previously, the output gain had been reported at 1.7 percent.
Factory output data tends to be volatile, even after adjustment for seasonal factors.
RETAIL SALES SHINE, The WORST OVER?
Semiconductor output dropped 11.5 percent in February from a month earlier, while auto output fell 6.1 percent over the same period.
Service sector output edged up just 0.1 percent on-month, compared to a 0.3 percent rise in January in seasonally adjusted terms, also revised slightly down from 0.5 percent reported earlier.
However, retail sales jumped 3.2 percent from a month earlier, bouncing from a 2.0 percent fall on demand for cars and cosmetics, according to Statistics Korea, easing some concerns over soft consumption.
Chinese vendors had boosted sales in February to hoard products ahead of suspected measures by China to curb South Korea business there, in retaliation against the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system in South Korea, a statistics official said.
Park Jung-woo, an economist at Korea Investment and Securities, said the worst has likely passed.
"Economic growth just below 3 percent may even be possible," Park said.
"Looking at investment and construction orders, the local economy seems to be doing better than expected."
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Additional reporting by Dahee Kim, Shin-hyung Lee; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro speaks during their weekly broadcast 'Los Domingos con Maduro' (The Sundays with Maduro) in Caracas, Venezuela April 2, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro greets supporters during their weekly broadcast 'Los Domingos con Maduro' (The Sundays with Maduro) in Caracas, Venezuela April 2, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
QUITO, Ecuador The Venezuelan Supreme Court may have amended part of its explosive decision to take over the opposition-led congress, but it still gives embattled leftist President Nicolas Maduro broad new powers over the OPEC nation's vast oil wealth.
The reversal on Saturday came after political leaders worldwide and street protesters at home accused the pro-government court of effectively making Maduro a dictator.
While the court backed off its Wednesday decision to fully take over the legislative branch, it left in place sweeping new authority for Maduro to cut oil deals on behalf of PDVSA, the state-run oil company, without congressional approval.
Maduro's cash-strapped government now has the autonomy to sell stakes in Venezuela's oil fields, which contain the world's largest reserves, or launch new joint ventures with foreign firms.
The court action sets the stage for a protracted legal and political fracas that could spook foreign investors and further undermine the nation's efforts to stabilize PDVSA, said opposition lawmakers and industry experts. The state-run firm is already reeling from lower oil prices, a cash-flow crisis and chronic operational problems that have crippled its ability to serve customers worldwide.
The fight centers on a constitutional requirement that the National Assembly approve PDVSA contracts of "national public interest" with outside companies. In addition to Maduro's legislative opponents, Venezuela's attorney general - a longtime government ally - has called the court decision to bypass the assembly unconstitutional.
The legislature - which has been controlled by members opposing Maduro's government since late last year - has warned investors that oil deals would be invalid without assembly approval.
Opposition lawmakers slammed state-run Russian oil major Rosneft (ROSN.MM), for instance, after it paid $500 million last year to increase its stake in the Petromonagas joint venture, to 40 percent from 16.7 percent, without legislative approval.
Rosneft - a major PDVSA partner at a time when relations between Caracas and Moscow have grown increasingly cozy - said the deal was legal. But the episode underscored the potential legal quagmire for investors.
Following the court's action on Saturday, opposition leaders vowed to continue challenging the validity of oil deals it has not approved.
"This is desperation for dollars," opposition lawmaker Elias Matta, the vice-president of the congressional energy and oil commission, told Reuters. "Let it be clear that any company created under this scheme will be null - totally null."
Venezuela's Information and Oil Ministries, along with PDVSA, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
NERVOUS INVESTORS
The imbroglio could hamper investments from wary multinational companies, especially those that are subject to stricter regulatory scrutiny at home.
On Thursday, National Assembly head Julio Borges tore up the Supreme Court order on the steps of the legislature, an image likely to unsettle corporate boardrooms. Other major oil players in Venezuela include U.S. major Chevron Corp (CVX.N) and China's state-owned CNPC.
Investor uncertainty, in turn, could further undermine Venezuela's ravaged economy, which depends on PDVSA for more than 90 percent of export revenue as millions face food shortages and runaway inflation.
In theory, the court's decision would allow Maduro's government the power to do anything short of privatizing PDVSA without approval of the National Assembly, said Francisco Monaldi, a fellow in Latin America energy policy at the Baker Institute in Houston.
"But the legal ground could not be shakier if there is a change in government," they said. "As a result of all this international scandal, foreign investors will be less likely to invest."
$3 BILLION IN BOND PAYMENTS
Firebrand Hugo Chavez, president until they died in 2013, led a wave of oil nationalizations in Venezuela as part of their self-styled "21st century Socialism." The policies have left many oil fields less productive and lacking investment.
National oil output tumbled last year on the back of constant refinery outages, an outflow of talent, and shortages of basic equipment in oil fields and imported diluents needed for blending with Venezuela's heavy crude.
Amid mounting debts, Venezuela has sought to sell stakes in oil fields to bolster its dwindling coffers before a deadline to pay about $3 billion in bond obligations this month, sources say.
On Friday, Venezuelan bonds tanked on worries about the impact of the latest crisis on the country's credit-worthiness.
It is unclear if the initial Supreme Court decision - the one that sparked global outrage - was prompted by an imminent plan to sell an oil field stake or create a new oil venture.
Reuters reported in March that PDVSA was negotiating a business deal with Rosneft and had offered the state-led company a stake in the Petropiar joint venture.
The offer has not been confirmed, and it remains unclear if Rosneft, which has become an increasingly key source of financing for PDVSA, is interested.
PDVSA is also relying on Rosneft to help it meet its looming bond payments, Reuters reported on Friday. It is unclear if the deal will go through or what Rosneft might get in exchange.
Late last year, Venezuela used 49.9 percent of its shares in U.S. subsidiary Citgo as collateral for loan financing from Rosneft. The move enraged opposition politicians who argue a desperate government is mortgaging prized national assets.
PDVSA and the Oil Ministry have not responded to repeated requests for comment on potential deals with Rosneft. Rosneft has declined to comment.
(Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Andrew Cawthorne and Brian Thevenot)
March 28 Builders Firstsource Inc:
* Builders Firstsource- on March 22, co extended maturity date, increased revolving facility commitments under existing $800.0 million revolving facility
* Builders Firstsource Inc- on March 22,co increased revolving facility commitments under existing $800 million facility of up to about $900 million
* Builders Firstsource Inc - new ABL credit agreement with extended maturity date of March 22, 2022 Source text:(bit.ly/2ndMBox) Further company coverage:
April 28 Hangzhou Huaxing Chuangye Communication Technology Co Ltd :
* Says the board elects Ji Xiaorong as new chairperson, replacing Cheng Xiaoyan who resigns due to health reasons
* Says Ji Xiaorong is the spouse of Cheng Xiaoyan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/hws89l ; goo.gl/fZqQhB
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
* Lawmakers fail to pass reforms by IMF deadline
* IMF loan deal will likely be re-negotiated
* EU accession will be slowed down, warns an EU envoy
By Daria Sito-Sucic
SARAJEVO, April 5 Bosnia has missed a deadline set by the International Monetary Fund for it to disburse aid under a 553 million euro loan deals, after its lawmakers failed to pass a key set of reforms on Wednesday. The deal will now likely have to be re-negotiated.
Bickering in parliament prevented the passage of laws that are part of a wider reform package devised by the European Union to guide Bosnia, mired in ethnic and political disputes, towards faster integration with the bloc.
The IMF had set April 5 as the deadline for the country to raise excise taxes on fuel to help build a pan-European highway, which would in turn unlock support for infrastructure projects by external lenders, such as the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
However, lawmakers refused to discuss the legislation, which was introduced as an emergency procedure, meaning they could not file amendments to it. Some said the hike in excise taxes would hit farmers hard and demanded that the government provide proof of alternative financing to compensate farmers for any losses.
Bosnia is made up of the Bosniak-Croat Federation and the Serb Republic which are linked via a weak central government. The regions are the main beneficiaries of the IMF aid, which they need to cover their respective budget gaps and to finance maturing debt.
"After today's parliament's vote... the 'reform agenda' has been buried," said Serb Republic Finance Minister Zoran Tageltija. "I think that Bosnia does not have an arrangement with the IMF anymore."
IMF spokespeople were not immediately available to comment.
The lender had said that unless Bosnia met the terms of the first review of its loan arrangement by the end of March, they would have to be re-negotiated and the disbursement of cash would be delayed for months.
An EU official in Bosnia said on Tuesday the lender would lower its growth forecast of 3 percent for the country this year. "This in turn could cause delays in other related programmes, including assistance from the European Union. It will also slow down the country's EU accession," Lars-Gunnar Wigemark, the head of EU Delegation in Bosnia, said in a statement.
The Bosnian regions, which have met most of the IMF's terms, will now have to rely on a World Bank $80.5 million loan to fill their budget gaps. They also plan to issue debt to finance maturing debt. ($1 = 0.9383 euros) (Editing by Hugh Lawson)
(Refiles to clarify funding for initial phase, para 16)
By Umberto Bacchi
ROME, March 31 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - With scorching summer temperatures and little rainfall, the barren scrublands around the port of Aqaba in Jordan, one of the world's most arid countries, might seem ill suited to cultivating cucumbers.
Yet a Norwegian company is planning to set up a solar-powered, 20 hectares (50 acre) facility that promises to grow a variety of vegetables without wasting a drop of fresh water.
"We take what we have enough of - sunlight, carbon dioxide, seawater and desert - to produce what we need more of - food water and energy," said Joakim Hauge, chief executive of the Sahara Forest Project (SFP).
Harnessing abundant resources to generate scarce ones will be key to feeding a growing global population, set to reach 9 billion by 2050, without damaging the environment or accelerating climate change, they said.
Food production must rise by about 60 percent by 2050 to generate enough for everyone to eat, according to the United Nation's Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO).
Agriculture already accounts for 70 percent of global fresh water use, while the food sector is responsible for more than 20 percent of planet-warming emissions and 30 percent of world energy consumption.
"We can no longer make solutions that come at the expense of other sectors," said Hauge. "There is a need for a more integrated approach".
The Aqaba complex, set to open in the summer, evaporates salt water piped from the nearby Red Sea to cool greenhouses, creating conditions for crops to grow all year round.
Seawater is also desalinated to generate salt and fresh water for irrigation, while vapour from greenhouses is used to humidify surrounding patches of parched land so plants can grow.
AGRICULTURE OF TOMORROW?
SFP said a pilot project in the Gulf state of Qatar generated cucumber yields comparable to those of European farms. Plans are underway to expand operations to Tunisia.
But FAO experts said high costs involved limited the potential of such projects to ramp up food production on a global scale.
"You need a lot of energy and a lot of money so...the question may arise whether the same resources could be put to better use," said FAO natural resources officer Alessandro Flammini.
To be financially viable, production must focus on high-value crops, like cucumbers and tomatoes, which poor countries might find cheaper to import, said Flammini, who analysed the Qatar pilot for a 2014 FAO report.
"It's an interesting concept for fulfilling local needs and especially in terms of food independence and to meet the demand of a niche market," they said.
The initial phase of the Aqaba complex had a $3.7 million budget and received financial support from Norway, the European Union and other investors, according to SFP.
Hauge said besides producing food, the complex, which will include a laboratory and research facilities, would produce side benefits by greening arid areas and creating jobs.
"We believe that this is part of the agriculture of tomorrow," the biologist-turned-entrepreneur told the Thomson Reuters Foundation by phone.
FROM AUSTRALIA TO SOMALIA
Several other companies are employing similar technologies in other arid corners of the world.
In 2016, UK-based agribusiness Sundrop Farms Holding Ltd opened a vast greenhouse for tomato farming in the Australian outback near Port Augusta, 300 km (190 miles) north of Adelaide.
The facility runs on energy mostly produced by a 115 metre solar tower that draws sunlight from 23,000 mirrors surrounding it.
"Traditional agriculture is wasteful in terms of water and fossil fuels. In addition, unprotected crops are at the mercy of the elements, causing gaps in supply, quality issues and price spikes," Sundrop's CEO Philipp Saumweber said in an email.
The company has signed a 10-year contract to supply Australian supermarket chain Coles with truss tomatoes and received investments of about $100 million from private equity firm KKR & Co, according to a 2014 statement.
"While the capital expenditure required to build our farms is slightly more expensive due to its cutting-edge nature, we reap the benefits of this initial investment in the long run through savings of fossil inputs," said Saumweber.
Around seven thousand miles away, in sunbaked and drought-hit Somaliland, another British-based venture, Seawater Greenhouse, is setting up a pilot facility aimed at making high-tech greenhouse production more affordable.
"We have eliminated using fans," said British inventor Charlie Paton, a former business partner of Saumweber, who pioneered the use of solar energy and salt water for irrigation in the 1990s.
"We designed (the greenhouse) to be cool by exploiting the prevailing wind. So it's a wind-cooled greenhouse," they said in a phone interview.
The one-hectare complex, which received funding from the British government, cost about $100,000, they said, adding they expected it to produce around 30 tonnes of tomatoes a year and 16 litres of drinking water a day for irrigation and livestock.
Paton said they hoped the greenhouse, which employs mostly local staff, would serve as a hub for expansion across the Horn of Africa.
"The region gets a lot of humanitarian aid and that's arguably detrimental because if you give free food to people you put farmers out of business," they said.
"It has more chances of success if people can make money out of it." (Reporting by Umberto Bacchi @UmbertoBacchi, Editing by Ros Russell.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
April 28 Maverix Metals Inc:
* Maverix Metals adds depth to management team, advances board and announces grant of incentive shares and options
* Matt Fargey has joined company and will assume position of chief financial officer effective May 30, 2017
* Fargey will be replacing Wayne Vincent
* Retirement of George Brown from board of directors & nomination of Daniel O'Flaherty for election
* Vincent will continue to work with company, on a part time basis, as senior financial advisor
* Vincent will resign as CFO on May 30, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
They had spent time in a drying out clinic.
Keith Chegwin spoke openly about their fight against alcoholism during an interview with daytime TV show This Morning in 1992.
The TV presenter has died aged 60 after a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, their family said.
Chegwin, who was 34 at the time of the frank interview, said: “I am an alcoholic. It's a disease.”
They said their hectic work schedule led them into a downward spiral where they needed a drink to relax and help them sleep.
Chegwin told show hosts Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan: “I'm just frightened because, God, I could so easily pick up a drink.
“I was in the hotel last night. I would have loved to have sat in the bar and had a drink but I couldn't.
“The moment I have a drink, then bang I am gone. It won't be a couple of gin and tonics, it would be like two bottles.”
My sincere best wishes to Ant @antanddec I know just how hard it can be. Be proud – you're a very brave & honest man. Good luck x — Keith Chegwin (@keithchegwin) June 18, 2017
When Chegwin appeared on the show they had had two four-week spells in a drying out clinic.
They said they battled against the bottle by checking into a private clinic but started drinking as soon as they came out, adding: “I just said, ‘Oh sod it, I'll see if this clinic has worked or not and I'll just have one'. But the trouble is I can't just have one.”
Earlier this year the Swap Shop presenter tweeted their best wishes to presenter Ant McPartlin, who received treatment for depression and alcohol and substance abuse.
Chegwin wrote: “My sincere best wishes to Ant @antanddec I know just how hard it can be. Be proud – you're a very brave and honest man. Good luck x.”
Stars from the world of entertainment have paid tribute to the TV presenter.
© Press Association 2017
Chewy.com, the nation's largest online pet store owning 54% of online pet product sales, now offers its customers high quality, organic CBD products from Colorado-based HempMy Pet.
HempMy Pet
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Hemp
* Pets
* Chewy.com Industry:
* Health Location:
* Boulder - Colorado - US Subject:
* Partnerships
Contact
Steven Hoffman, Compass Natural Marketing
***@compassnaturalmarketing.com Steven Hoffman, Compass Natural Marketing
End
-- HempMy Pet, a division of HM Health LLC, based in Boulder County, CO, today announces its expansion into Chewy.com. Chewy is one of the country's fastest-growing e-commerce sites and was recently sold to PetSmart in April 2017 for $3.35 billion, the largest e-commerce acquisition in history.Products, including the 1 fl. oz bottle of Certified Organic Hemp Seed Oil and 5 fl. oz jar of Certified Organic Coconut Oil, are infused with full-spectrum hemp extract, derived from organically grown Colorado hemp, rich in cannabinoid (CBD) and terpene compounds, and will be sold on Chewy.com. These will be among the first CBD infused products the retail giant has ever sold."We are excited to be one of the first hemp-extract brands to be featured by Chewy.com. The opportunities that its platform brings allow us to showcase the benefits of our products to more than 5 million Chewy.com customers and their pets," says HempMy Pet Founder and CEO Marc Brannigan. "Bringing organic hemp supplements made from the highest quality ingredients to a large audience of pet owners is our mission and Chewy.com embraces what we are trying to achieve," they add.HempMy Pet's hemp extract products are specially formulated as a daily dietary supplement for pets of all ages and sizes and have been gaining ground since the company's launch last year. Month-over-month sales have been increasing on the company's website, on Amazon, internationally and via wholesale to retailers and veterinarians. HempMy Pet products are currently available throughout the U.S. and in Canada, Australia, South Africa and the U.K.In addition to research concerning the benefits of cannabinoid compounds, Brannigan chalks up the growing popularity to the quality of ingredients from which the products are made, along with overwhelmingly positive response from customers. HempMy Pet products are plant based, vegan, gluten free, non-GMO, cruelty free and made with human-grade ingredients, and contain no fillers, additives, synthetic ingredients, flavoring or coloring. "People want to know what is in their pet's food and being transparent about our ingredients and process is crucial. This is especially true when we're talking about products for health and wellbeing," Brannigan says.Research has shown that hemp extract with naturally occurring cannabinoid compounds may be helpful in treating or relieving symptoms of inflammation or certain neurological conditions in humans and animals alike. In February 2016, the Journal of the American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association (AHVMA) published a report from the Colorado State University of Veterinary Medicine, Department of Clinical Sciences. In that study, 64.3% of dog owners reported that the positive impact from hemp products was highest for relief of pain. Also, 50% of dog owners reported that hemp products helped their pets with sleep and relief from anxiety. For cats, the areas felt to be most positively impacted by hemp products were relief from pain (66%), reduction of inflammation (56.3%), and help with sleep (44%).• Certified Organic Hemp Seed Oil Infused with Organically Grown Colorado Hemp Extract - 250 mg (1 fl. oz. bottle)• Certified Organic Hemp Seed Oil Infused with Organically Grown Colorado Hemp Extract - 1000 mg (1 fl. oz. bottle)• Certified Organic Coconut Oil Infused with Organically Grown Colorado Hemp Extract - 100 mg (5 fl. oz. jar)• Certified Organic Coconut Oil Infused with Organically Grown Colorado Hemp Extract - 500 mg (5 fl. oz. jar)HempMy Pet products are available online at www.hempmypet.com and onwww.amazon.com. The company also is in discussion with leading natural product retailers and holistic veterinarians. For wholesale inquiries please contact sales@hempmypet.com.This information has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. Consult your veterinarian if exceeding suggested use or if your pet shows signs of adverse reaction. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.HM Health LLC, manufacturer of HempMy Pet, is a vertically integrated hemp products company that was founded in 2016 and located in Boulder County, CO, with farms and greenhouses along Colorado's Front Range. Using its own proprietary strain of hemp, HempMy Pet offers pet owners premium quality, organically grown botanical products for cats, dogs, horses and other pets. Visit www.hempmypet.com.
SHANGHAI The southern Chinese city of Guangzhou has put fresh curbs on homeowners selling their homes quickly after purchasing in an attempt to cool the property market, the official Xinhua news agency reported.
Homeowners will only be able to resell a property two years after they obtain an ownership certificate, according to the new rules that go into effect on Friday. These apply to both new and second-hand homes, Xinhua said.
The new restrictions come two weeks after the city said it would allow unmarried people and non-local residents to buy only one home in the city, and raised the minimum down payment on second homes to 50 percent.
China's red-hot property market has been resisting cooling measures and purchase restrictions - first imposed by big cities but now adopted by smaller cities. Nationwide home sales surged in the first two months of the year despite such government measures, data showed.
(Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 Daiwa Securities Group Inc
* Says it will issue U.S. dollar-denominated corporate bonds worth $1 billion
* Issue price is 100 percent of face value, maturity date on April 19, 2022 and coupon rate 3.129 percent per annum
* The payment date on April 19
* Says bonds are offered on Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/iO31Ms
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 31 SouthGobi Resources Ltd:
* SouthGobi resources announces fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial and operating results and updated resource estimate and newly declared reserve estimate in respect of Ovoot Tolgoi
* Q4 revenue $19 million versus $2.9 million
* Production for Q4 of 2016 was 1.21 million tonnes, compared to 0.62 million tonnes for Q4 of 2015
* Company sold 1.08 million tonnes of coal during Q4 of 2016 compared to 0.21 million tonnes in Q4 of 2015
* Qtrly basic and diluted loss per share $0.07
* In order to continue as going concern, co must generate sufficient operating cash flows or pursue strategic restructuring, refinancing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MILAN, April 5 Foreign investors have bought around 75 percent of a 249 million euro ($265 million) initial share offering by Italian factoring specialist Banca Farmafactoring (BFF) that closed on Tuesday, a source close to the deal said.
Shares in BFF will start trading on the Milan bourse on Friday after the group placed a 31 percent stake in an IPO priced at the bottom of the range initially provided, giving the company a market value of 800 million euros. BFF, which operates in Italy, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Spain and Portugal, buys at a discount bills that suppliers issue to the public administration, effectively providing credit to these companies.
The source said investor demand had been driven by a dividend yield of more than 10 percent at pricing.
"A relatively long-term type of book of people who want to play this for dividend in the next one to two years," the source said.
The source said the book had been oversubscribed but declined to give further details. UK investors accounted for around 50 percent of overall demand.
Mediobanca, Morgan Stanley and Deutsche Bank acted as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the offer, BNP Paribas, Jefferies International and UniCredit CIB as joint bookrunners and Banca Akros as co-lead manager. ($1 = 0.9384 euros) (Reporting by Valentina Za and Elisa Anzolin, editing by Susan Thomas)
May 3 Unilever Plc
* Unilever prices $3.15billion bond on the US market
* Has on 2 May 2017 priced a quadruple-tranche $3.15 billion bonds on u.s. Market
* $ 800 million 1.80 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2020
* $ 850 million 2.20 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2022
* $ 500 million 2.60 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2024
* $ 1 billion 2.90 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2027
* Bond offering is scheduled to close on 5 May 2017. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
May 2 Canadian e-commerce software maker Shopify Inc, reported a 75 percent jump in quarterly revenue, as more merchants used its platform to set up and manage online stores.
Net loss widened to $13.6 million, or 15 cents per share in the first quarter ended March 31, from $8.9 million, or 11 cents per share, a year earlier.
Ottawa-based Shopify, which went public two years ago, said on Tuesday revenue rose to $127.4 million from $72.7 million. (Reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
April 12 Topbetta Holdings Ltd:
* Secured first international vision broadcast rights deal after completing a commercial agreement with sports information services
* Deal signed with UK and Irish horse racing data distributer to operate pools across 50 racetracks
* TGT has also signed an agreement with UK and Irish racing data distributer, the press association Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds reviewing renewable energy production in first paragraph)
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON, March 29 The U.S. Interior Department said on Wednesday that it would form a new committee to review royalty rates collected from oil and gas drilling, coal mining and renewable energy production on federal lands to ensure taxpayers receive their full value.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said the committee would advise them on whether the government is getting a fair price from companies that lease public land for energy and natural resource development.
The committee will replace the process put in place by former Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to review and overhaul the federal coal leasing program.
"The programmatic review put in place (by Jewell) was costly and unnecessary," Zinke told reporters on Wednesday.
"I have established a royalty policy committee to provide advice to me about how we value collections across the board," they said.
In January 2016, the administration of former Democratic President Barack Obama began a multiyear review of the federal coal leasing program after government and watchdog reports found Interior's Bureau of Land Management was not properly accounting for the fair market value of coal.
It also ordered a moratorium on new coal leases for at least three years during the review, which Republican President Donald Trump officially rescinded in the executive order on energy they signed Tuesday.
Zinke's committee will instead get recommendations on adjusting royalty rates for coal, as well as oil and gas, from a panel of up to 28 members.
Members will include Interior Department officials, representatives of western states and Indian tribes that produce energy, energy stakeholders and academic groups who will serve three-year terms.
Federal coal, primarily from Wyoming's Powder River Basin, accounts for more than 40 percent of all of that fuel mined in the United States and produces for 10 percent of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.
Zinke's predecessor Jewell said a review of the program was three decades overdue and necessary after reports called for more transparency in the leasing process.
Environmental groups raised concerns that replacing the more comprehensive review with a committee approach will mean that other core problems with federal energy leasing will not be addressed, such as transparency and boosting competition in lease sales.
“Cancelling the coal program review is a serious mistake that only harms American taxpayers, coal states and communities," said Dan Bucks, former director of revenue for the state of Montana. (Reporting by Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON, April 3 The South African rand fell 1.5 percent on Monday to two-month lows on worries about a ratings downgrade following last week's removal of a respected minister, but broader emerging assets were supported by strong factory data.
South African markets extended their losses following Friday's dismissal of finance minister Pravin Gordhan, who had a reputation for fiscal prudence.
Economists have questioned the credentials of their replacement Malusi Gigaba and there are fears the country's credit rating is at risk, with the opposition requesting a no-confidence vote on President Jacob Zuma.
"South Africa remains greatly exposed to a risk of a strong correction," said Cristian Maggio, head of emerging markets strategy at TD Securities, adding that there was now a higher chance of a ratings downgrade by Moody's on Friday.
"That is something the market is wary of as it would be a further step in the direction of a junk rating."
The rand fell 1.5 percent against the dollar to fresh two-month lows and the yield on the benchmark 2026 sovereign bond hit its highest in about two weeks according to Tradeweb data.
The average yield spread of South African sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries rose 3 basis points (bps) to 272 bps, the highest since early January.
Five-year credit default swaps were trading at 218 bps , according to IHS Markit, having blown out to 219 bps on Friday, the highest since mid-December.
Away from South Africa emerging market assets benefited from strong manufacturing activity data, which reinforced the view that the global economic recovery was gaining momentum.
MSCI's benchmark emerging equities index rose 0.4 percent, with Poland and Hungary shares gaining 0.6-0.9 percent and Russian shares up 0.5 percent.
This echoed the strong performance in Asia where India shares rose to a fresh record high and Chinese mainland stocks gained 0.6 percent.
China's factory activity unexpectedly expanded at the fastest pace in nearly five years in March. Indian factory activity was at a five-month high, helping the rupee to a near 1-1/2 year high, and in emerging Europe, even Turkish manufacturing activity hit a three-year high.
However, the lira weakened 0.4 percent against the dollar after Turkish annual inflation hit its highest in more than eight years in March, surging 11.29 percent.
"The currency is still passing a lot of inflation into the real economy. The question all this begs is how tight should rates be to stabilise inflation, which means reversing this trajectory," Maggio said.
Serbia's dinar firmed a touch against the euro after conservative Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic won Serbia's presidential election on Sunday by a huge margin, as they pursue a delicate balancing act between Europe and Russia.
Yields in many dollar-denominated bonds issued by Venezuela's state-owned oil company PDVSA hit multi-month or record highs late last week or earlier on Monday, but then retreated with the yield in the 2024 issue falling by nearly 100 basis points.
The volatility followed last week's Supreme Court ruling that it would take over the functions of the National Assembly, which triggered international condemnation and opposition protests.
Venezuela is negotiating financial help from Russian oil major Rosneft to complete nearly $3 billion in PDVSA debt payments coming due to bondholders next month.
Meanwhile in Ecuador the leftist government candidate Lenin Moreno claimed victory in the presidential vote on Sunday, but the conservative challenger has asked for a recount.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For GRAPHIC on emerging market Q1 performance, see:
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see)
Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 961.71 +3.34 +0.35 +11.53
Czech Rep 983.80 +2.65 +0.27 +6.75
Poland 2196.80 +20.84 +0.96 +12.78
Hungary 31801.92 +167.66 +0.53 -0.63
Romania 8086.37 +17.03 +0.21 +14.13
Greece 663.77 -2.29 -0.34 +3.13
Russia 1119.67 +5.91 +0.53 -2.83
South Africa 45490.99 +323.84 +0.72 +3.62
Turkey 88699.23 -248.17 -0.28 +13.52
China 3222.60 +12.37 +0.39 +3.83
India 29880.18 +259.68 +0.88 +12.22
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 27.05 27.02 -0.12 -0.16
Poland 4.23 4.23 +0.01 +4.11
Hungary 309.09 308.40 -0.22 -0.09
Romania 4.55 4.55 +0.02 -0.34
Serbia 123.66 123.75 +0.07 -0.25
Russia 56.40 56.24 -0.30 +8.62
Kazakhstan 313.61 313.67 +0.02 +6.39
Ukraine 27.03 27.04 +0.04 -0.11
South Africa 13.67 13.42 -1.81 +0.47
Kenya 103.00 103.10 +0.10 -0.61
Israel 3.63 3.63 +0.02 +6.17
Turkey 3.65 3.63 -0.30 -3.25
China 6.88 6.88 +0.00 +0.87
India 64.96 64.85 -0.16 +4.60
Brazil 3.12 3.12 +0.03 +4.20
Mexico 18.74 18.72 -0.10 +10.55
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 332 1 .01 7 67.83 1
(Additional reporting by Karin Strohecker; Editing by Stephen Powell)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The European Union's overall system of clearing houses for securities remained resilient for extreme, simulated market shocks, the bloc's securities watchdog said on Friday.
The results of the second EU-wide stress test showed the system could cope with several users of clearing houses defaulting at the same time coupled with extreme market shocks, the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) said in a statement.
On an individual basis, Spain's BME Clearing showed a minor shortfall of required pre-funded resources under one aspect of the test, ESMA said.
ICE Clear Europe's pre-funded resources would be enough, but these would only marginally cover the simulated stress losses, ESMA added.
Clearing houses are backed by pre-funded default funds and stand between two sides of a stock, bond or derivatives trade, ensuring its completion even if one side of the transaction goes bust. (Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
April 13 Hainan Haide Industry Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 643.5 percent to 829.4 percent, or to be 16 million yuan to 20 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 2.2 million yuan
* Says accomplish of business transformation as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/RgmTYq
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
March 29 Dena Bank:
* Gets members' nod to issue equity shares worth up to 6 billion rupees to India government
* Gets members' nod to issue equity shares to LIC of India and GIC of India at issue price of INR 38.41 per share Source text: bit.ly/2mPfuvd Further company coverage:
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank's 2017 bonus pool includes an investment to secure the bank's business and its position, its chief executive said on Friday, adding that 2018 bonuses would be linked to the bank's performance.
“Does that mean we will not be paying our staff as much next year? I don't expect so. I see 2018 as being a successful year for the bank,” John Cryan said.
Cryan cited further steps in cost-cutting and an expected resumption in market volatility as reasons for optimism.
In 2018, “we aim for a profit, not only before, but of course also after income taxes,” Cryan said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 PPG Industries Inc
* PPG reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $1.29 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.32 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share $1.29
* Reiterated commitment to deploy at least $2.5 billion-$3.5 billion cash on acquisitions and share repurchases in years 2017 and 2018 combined
* Q1 2017 net sales of about $3.6 billion, up 1 percent versus prior year
* Remain willing to engage with Akzonobel, continue to believe a combination of 2 cos is in the best interest of both companies' stakeholders
* Unfavorable foreign currency translation impacted net sales by nearly 2 percent, or about $65 million in quarter
* Q1 2017 adjusted net income from continuing operations was $1.35 per diluted share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PHILIPPINE-BASED technology company Star Telecom Alliance Resources, Inc. (STAR, Inc.) said on Monday it has forged a partnership with Philippine Seven Corporations convenience store chain 7-Eleven to introduce an e-commerce business model that seeks to improve online shopping system for customers nationwide.
The partnership will allow customers to order PLAY Lite and PLAY Five through 7-Eleven's Clicq store, found on Google Play and Apple Store as well as in electronic kiosks and catalogs in-store.
PLAY Lite is a dual-SIM Android smartphone capable of connecting to 4G LTE while PLAY Five is the affordable version. Both devices are produced by Starmobile, maker of quality smartphones and tablets, which was established by STAR, Inc. in 2011
The venture builds on 7-Eleven's retail partnership with STAR, Inc. which began in 2014, when the convenience store started carrying Starmobile devices in its stores.
“This e-commerce model that gives customers a variety of flexible discovery, payment and pick-up options first rolled out in 7-Eleven stores in Taiwan. It has proven so successful that 35 percent of all e-commerce packages in the country now go through 7-Eleven branches, eventually helping make Taiwan the world's most developed e-commerce market, with 18 percent share of total retail,” Philippine Seven Corp. Managing Director Daniel Marogy said in a statement.
“We aim to pilot this program together with Starmobile in selected Metro Manila stores starting April 24,” they added.
Star, Inc. Product Development head Michael Chen said the partnership with 7-Eleven “supports our mission to bring our various devices even closer to more Filipinos.”
“Not only are we making the latest mobile technologies more accessible to Filipinos in terms of price points, we are also making them accessible in terms of ordering, payment, and availability venues,” they said.
The e-commerce model also aims to address two “key realities” facing the e-commerce industry in the country today—small retail baskets and expensive fulfilment logistics.
Seventy-five percent of offline retail transactions in the Philippines cost P600.00 and below. However, online vendors can spend up to an average of P150.00 fulfilling these orders, with expenses going even higher when returns and failed deliveries are included. This eats into their margins and discourages them from investing further in their e-commerce channels.
“We are optimistic about this model as this leverages 7-Eleven's logistics operations—one of the most efficient in the country–and removes the last-mile expense and costs associated with running an e-commerce warehouse by using our stores as pick-up locations,” said Marogy. “In addition, this also reduces failed deliveries by giving customers an incentive to prepay in-store.”
“As we apply this to the local market and learn about Filipinos' reception to the model, we hope to eventually expand our product offering and store availability,” Chen said. “The more it becomes cost-effective for us, the more we will be able to bring down price points and make our devices even more affordable for our customers.”
* SSEC +0.1 pct, CSI300 +0.2 pct, HSI -0.1 pct
* 14 Chinese stocks with "Xiongan" concept suspend trading
* China tightening policies pressures stock valuation - brokerage
SHANGHAI, April 13 Chinese stocks edged higher on Thursday as investors continued to bet on stocks that could benefit from Beijing's plan to build the Xiongan economic zone, although sentiment on the mainland remains tempered by worries about a cooling economy.
Investor concerns centre on Beijing's monetary tightening bias, even as China's March trade data exceeded expectations. Also overhanging the market are regulators' efforts to clamp down on speculation with 14 companies halting share trading.
China's blue-chip CSI300 index rose 0.2 percent, to 3,514.62 points by lunch break, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 0.1 percent, to 3,277.88 points.
Hong Kong stocks were roughly flat as rising geopolitical risks continued to curb risk appetite.
Xiongan, through which China hopes to mimic the rapid growth seen following the establishment of a similar zone in Shenzhen in 1980, remains a hot investment theme, despite measures by regulators to cool speculation.
However, brokerage Shenwan Hongyuan said in its latest strategy report that thematic investments in concepts such as Xiongan are unlikely to change the current "range-trading" pattern of the market.
"Under the current macro environment, the government is stepping on the brakes using a combination of policy tools, such as real estate curbs and higher repo rates," analyst Yao Liqi wrote.
"In such a backdrop, the market is lowering growth expectations and anticipating higher interest rates, thus, putting pressure on stock valuations."
Fourteen Chinese companies suspended trading in their shares on Thursday, citing the need to further evaluate the potential impact on businesses from Xiongan. Some market participants suspect the concerted moves are the result of regulators' intervention.
And although China's March trade data was upbeat - exports rose 16.4 percent from a year earlier, while imports increased 20.3 percent - some analysts see downside prospects.
"A drop back in commodity price inflation explains some of the decline in import growth but import volume growth appears to have eased as well, suggesting that the tighter policy stance has begun to weigh on domestic demand," Capital Economics wrote.
Most sectors in China were up on Thursday, but property stocks continued to struggle amid news of fresh curbs in some Chinese cities.
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index dropped 0.1 percent, to 24,296.85 points, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index was unchanged at 10,212.39.
(Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRATISLAVA, April 12 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Slovak financial markets on Wednesday. ALL TIMES GMT (Slovak Republic: GMT + 1 hour) =========================ECONOMIC DATA======================== Real-time economic data releases.................. Summary of economic data and forecasts......... Recently released economic data................ Previous stories on Slovak data.......... **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/1C/events-overview ===========================EVENTS=============================== BRATISLAVA: Germany's carmaker Volkswagen will present last year's output results of its Slovak factory and outlook for this year. Related stories: ============================NEWS================================ VOLKSWAGEN: Audi , owned by Volkswagen , will expand its lineup of higher margin sport-utility vehicles (SUVs) and assemble two new models at lower cost plants in eastern Europe, the German premium carmaker said on Tuesday, as it strives to boost profitability. Audi said on Tuesday it would start building a full-sized Q8 SUV at a Volkswagen (VW) factory in Bratislava, Slovakia, next year and in 2019 add the sporty, coupe-style Q4 SUV in Gyor, Hungary. Story: Related stories: GAS TRANSIT: Russian gas giant Gazprom said on Tuesday it had signed a 5.3 billion euro ($5.6 billion) gas transportation framework deal with Slovakia's Eustream until 2050. Story: Related stories: INDUSTRIAL OUTPUT: Slovakia's industrial output rose by 2.6 percent year-on-year in February, below analysts' expectations of a 5.0 percent increase, statistics office data showed on Tuesday. Story: Related stories: For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX Main currency report TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets News editor of the day: Jan Lopatka on +420 224 190 474 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
BEIJING China's Ministry of Agriculture reported on Thursday 37 pigs on a farm in the southern Guangdong province had been killed after contracting the O-type strain of foot-and-mouth disease.
The ministry said that all pigs on the farm have been killed and the outbreak is under control.
South Korea reported an outbreak of the disease in February but downgraded the disease alert status in March from the maximum level.
(Reporting by Meng Meng and Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by David Goodman)
LONDON The City of London should emerge largely unscathed from Brexit even though thousands of banking and insurance jobs could move to the continent, the financial district's policy chief said.
The "City" or "Square Mile", home to over 250 foreign banks and the Lloyd's of London insurance market, faces upheaval as firms decide whether to shift jobs to continental Europe to keep serving customers there after Britain leaves the EU in 2019.
Mark Boleat, head of policy at the City of London, the local government that administers Europe's biggest financial centre, said talk of a massive exodus has been mistaken.
"If it was going to be Armageddon, we would have noticed it by now," Boleat told Reuters in an interview in a room off the local government's seat of power in the medieval Guildhall.
"They are never all going to up sticks and leave ... We expect the steady flow of new business coming in."
This contrasts with harsher predictions, such as a report from EY consultancy forecasting a loss of 232,000 jobs financial jobs in Britain as result of Brexit, though with many of those from other parts of the country.
Boleat steps down in May after five years in the job that included confronting protests against corporate greed and being at the heart of industry efforts to respond to Brexit, which threatens to cut off London from mainland Europe.
They predict even in the worst-case Brexit scenario resulting in tens of thousands of financiers moving from Britain in a decade, the City - where 360,000 people are employed - will end up with the same number of jobs.
"Our projection for employment in the City is that in the next 10 years there will be another 50,000 jobs or more," Boleat said, mainly in IT and professional services such as accounting and law. "If with Brexit we lose 50,000 jobs, we end up where we started."
They said the commercial property market was a bellwether of the City's resilience and that it was "holding up pretty well". They pointed to a decision taken since the referendum to go ahead with a 59-storey skyscraper.
"What is significant is they are building it. It is a building without a tenant. A building of that size is clearly quite risky," they said.
Boleat does not speak for all of London's financial sector, however. The capital's other main financial area, Canary Wharf, is home to about 112,000 jobs.
CHANGE IN TONE
Boleat spoke of a rollercoaster ride of emotions for banks since June 23, when Britain voted to leave the EU.
Initially, the sector hoped to keep "passporting" rights to offer services across the bloc from a single base in London. But after a few months it became clear that Britain would give up unfettered access to single market to restrict immigration.
They said the low point was at the ruling Conservative Party's annual conference in October when Prime Minister Theresa May criticised big business and "citizens of nowhere", widely interpreted as an attack on an international-minded elite.
"That speech was aimed at the Conservative Party and it was a pity that other people heard it," Boleat said.
May's letter to the EU on Wednesday to kick off formal divorce talks set a more "helpful tone" by singling out financial services and the need for transitional arrangements, they said.
They sense the government is becoming more pragmatic ahead of what are likely to be tough negotiations with the EU.
"Maybe there is an increasing recognition that ... the other side can be bolshy and we need good relationships to get the right result," Boleat said.
"We have found the Treasury very good indeed. No complaints at all ... The issue is whether they can get their voice heard in Number 10 (the PM's office), where any trade-offs are needed," they added.
Attempts to encourage European companies to warn their own governments about the economic impact of loss of access to the London's financial sector have made little headway, Boleat said.
"One thing I have learnt is that we shouldn't be looking a great deal of help from European corporates. They are as committed to the EU project as their governments."
A company like BMW is far more worried about supply chains and tariffs, rather than market fragmentation or more expensive derivatives, they added.
(Reporting by Huw Jones and Andrew MacAskill; Editing by Pravin Char)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, they say, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in their profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted them to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," they say.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
Their Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became their own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," they say. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
Paulinho (L) of China's Guangzhou Evergrande celebrates with teammate Zou Zheng after scoring against Mexico's Club America during their Club World Cup quarter-final soccer match in Osaka, western Japan, December 13, 2015.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Brazil international and former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Paulinho will travel to Spain to complete a move to Barcelona on Sunday after the Catalan club activated the Guangzhou Evergrande player's buy-out clause, Chinese media reported.
Barça, who need reinforcements after the world record transfer of Brazil forward Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain last week, will pay the 40 million euros (36 million pounds) for the 29-year-old to end their two-year spell in the Chinese Super League.
Barcelona were not immediately available to comment.
Paulinho had recently been linked with a move to the Spanish side but Guangzhou chairperson Xu Jiayin had denied that the former Corinthians midfielder would be sold before the end of the season after rejecting two previous bids.
Xu said the cost of replacing Paulinho, who signed a new deal this year, would make it impossible for Guangzhou to part with a player instrumental in their charge to the top of the table and run to the Asian Champions League quarter-finals.
Paulinho joined Guangzhou after a disappointing spell in the English Premier League with Spurs and has established themselves as a key player for their Chinese club and their country.
In March got a hat-trick as Brazil handed Uruguay a 4-1 defeat in a World Cup qualifier, while they have scored seven goals in the Chinese league and five in the Asian Champions League.
NEW YORK, April 5 Wall Street workers who make fortunes with quick deals and fearless trades faced a threat to their fast-paced work style on Wednesday that could not be negotiated: the New York area public transit system.
Two days after a New Jersey Transit train derailed during rush hour at New York's Penn Station, bankers, traders and other finance workers reported absent colleagues and crippling travel times as employees who commute into the city were forced to work from home or find expensive alternative routes.
Some could work remotely, but others, including those who make their money on the floor of Manhattan's frenetic stocks and commodities exchanges, had to get to work some way, somehow.
"You adjust to the market; the market doesn't adjust to you," said Cuttone & Co Senior Vice President Keith Bliss, who works from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
The New Jersey resident said traders would find alternative routes, even if they add hours to their commute, to make it in time for the 9:30 a.m. opening bell.
But empty desks abounded elsewhere.
"It's pretty easy to see who actually lives in Manhattan now," said a major financial service company's vice president who did not want to be quoted by name.
The derailment affected commuters from New Jersey most severely, but residents of Long Island and other surrounding towns and cities also felt the pain.
The Long Island Rail Road was running with delays on Wednesday, while NJ Transit was operating a holiday schedule through Thursday night on two of its lines into Penn Station, which 600,000 commuter rail and Amtrak passengers use daily.
"Customers are advised to build in additional travel time as delays and overcrowding conditions are anticipated," NJ Transit said in a statement.
Amtrak was also operating on a modified schedule through Thursday.
"It is absolutely outrageous," said Ritholtz Wealth Management Chief Executive Officer Josh Brown, who had to drive to work in Manhattan from their Long Island home.
On top of the $300 or so they pay for a monthly railroad pass, Brown had to dole out hefty parking fees.
But some saw hope in the latest headache. Bliss said financiers would benefit from the infrastructure spending that is so clearly needed.
"There's opportunity," they said, " ... and I'm sure I'm not the only Wall Street banker-trader that's thinking that way." (Additional reporting by David Randall and Lawrence Delevingne in New York; Editing by Daniel Wallis)
May 3 Terravia Holdings Inc
* Terravia Holdings Inc- entered forbearance agreement with certain beneficial owners and/or investment advisors - sec filing
* Terravia Holdings Inc- under agreement, each consenting holder agreed will not take any action under indenture, 2019 notes or otherwise Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
* U.S. hiring speeds up, annual wage growth best since 2009
* Traders firm up rate hike bets, bond yields rise further
* Record profit boosts Amazon; Apple, Alphabet drop on results
* Volatility index rises for first time in three days
* Indexes lower: Dow 1.28 pct, S&P 0.94 pct, Nasdaq 0.77 pct (Updates to early afternoon)
By Tanya Agrawal
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The S&P and the Dow were headed for their worst week in two years on Friday, as robust U.S. jobs data pushed up bond yields further and boosted chances of more interest rate hikes this year.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped more than 400 points, with 10 of the 11 major S&P sectors in the red, led by the energy index's 3.49 percent fall.
Nonfarm payrolls rose by 200,000 jobs in January, the Labor Department said, beating expectation of 180,000. Average hourly earnings rose and boosted the year-on-year increase to 2.9 percent, the largest rise since June 2009.
After the data, benchmark 10-year Treasury yields extended their rise to more than 2.8 percent, while traders boosted bets that the U.S. Federal Reserve will raise interest rates three times this year.
Fast-rising wages could prompt more aggressive action from the central bank to keep a lid on inflation pressure.
“The big picture concern is that wage growth will pick up and lead to more inflation,” said Nicholas Colas, co-founder at DataTrek Research.
The rise in bond yields “is certainly beginning to concern the markets. It is certainly now an issue, where it wasn't for all of last year. Rates have risen fairly quickly this year and the speed of the advance is worrying.”
At 12:30 p.m. ET (1730 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 335.43 points, or 1.28 percent, at down 218.19 points, or 0.83 percent, at 25,851.28, the S&P 500 was down 26.65 points, or 0.94 percent, at 2,795.33.
The Nasdaq Composite was down 56.90 points, or 0.77 percent, at 7,328.97.
The CBOE Volatility Index, the most widely followed gauge measure of stock market volatility, rose to 14.99, after having fallen in the previous two sessions.
Adding to the pressure were disappointing earnings reports from major companies.
Shares of oil majors Exxon and Chevron were down 5.6 percent and 3.4 percent, respectively, after reporting lower-than-expected quarterly profits.
Google-parent Alphabet fell 5.3 percent after its profit also misses analysts' estimates.
Apple fell 2.9 percent as investors focused on the company's muted forecast rather than strong iPhone prices and its cash plans.
One bright spot was Amazon, which rose 5.4 percent after the online retailer reported a record profit of about $2 billion due to strong sales and tax law changes.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,504 to 432. On the Nasdaq, 2,237 issues fell and 672 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 18 new 52-week highs and 18 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 42 new highs and 95 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D‘Souza and Anil D‘Silva)
HOUSTON, April 28 Rising crude prices helped Chevron Corp and Exxon Mobil Corp easily beat Wall Street's profit expectations on Friday, a sign the oil industry has regained its footing after a two-year price spiral.
While cost cuts and asset sales provided a boost to both companies, the results highlighted the slowly improving dynamics for the energy industry as oil prices have climbed more than 50 percent since early 2016.
The results were especially strong at Exxon, where quarterly profit more than doubled to $4.01 billion.
Chevron swung to a quarterly profit and turned cash flow positive, earning more than it spent, a milestone Wall Street had long sought.
Shares of Exxon rose 1 percent and shares of Chevron were up 1.3 percent.
Their energy peers, BP Plc and Royal Dutch Shell Plc , are set to report quarterly results next week.
Looming over the large international oil companies, though, is uncertainty over whether the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries will extend a production cut when it meets next month in Vienna. Should the cut not be continued, oil prices would likely drop, pushing the sector back into recession.
Chevron and Exxon expanded production in their American shale portfolios during the quarter, with both deciding that the low-cost fields were an easy opportunity to boost profit.
Chevron, the second largest leaseholder in the Permian Basin, which is the largest American oilfield, has devoted much of its 2017 capital budget to shale projects. Chief Executive Officer John Watson told Reuters earlier this month the Permian was vital to Chevron's growth.
Exxon doubled its acreage holdings in the Permian Basin of West Texas earlier this year in a deal worth up to $6.6 billion. It was the largest oil industry deal in the first quarter, highlighting how important it was for Exxon to grow in the oil-rich region.
In Asia, both companies expanded liquefied natural gas operations. Chevron brought a third processing facility online at its Gorgon LNG project in Australia, and Exxon bought InterOil in a $2.5 billion bid to expand in Papua New Guinea.
Exxon also bought a 25 percent stake in a Mozambique gas field last month in a deal worth up to $2.8 billion. (Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ZURICH, April 20 Ajax Amsterdam, trailing 3-0 and down to 10 men, scored two late goals to overcome Schalke 04 in the Europa League quarter-finals on Thursday as Olympique Lyonnais, Manchester United and Celta Vigo also progressed.
The four-times European champions, leading 2-0 from the first leg, appeared to be on the way out as Schalke wiped out the deficit in just under an hour and then scored again early in extra-time.
Yet, despite having Joel Veltman sent off in the 80th minute, Ajax replied with a scrambled goal from Nick Viergever and a clinical effort from Amin Younes in the last 10 minutes of extra-time to bring it back to 3-2 and win 4-3 on aggregate.
Lyon went through after winning an extraordinary penalty shootout 7-6 away to Besiktas after the Turkish side had won the second leg 2-1 for a 3-3 aggregate draw.
Manchester United needed an extra-time goal from Marcus Rashford to beat Anderlecht 2-1 and go through 3-2 on aggregate while a 1-1 draw away to Racing Genk was enough to give Celta a 4-3 aggregate win. (Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Toby Davis)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Evergreen International Holdings Ltd:
* Company, as issuer, and convoy investment services limited, as placing agent, entered into placing agreement
* Placees to subscribe for bonds of up to an aggregate principal amount of hk$100 million
* Co to appoint convoy investment services as sole placing agent for purposes of arranging, placees to subscribe for bonds
* Co intends to use net proceeds from bonds for future expansion of and investment in apparel, accessory products
Source text (bit.ly/2oH2y6V)
Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 Biolase Inc
* Biolase to raise $10.5 million from institutional and individual investors in a private placement
* Biolase - As per private placement, co agreed to sell 80,644 shares of a newly created series of convertible preferred stock at per-share price of $124.00
* Biolase Inc - Proceeds will be used for working capital, including but not limited to new product development, launch and subsequent scale-up Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Onconova Therapeutics Inc:
* Onconova Therapeutics- on dec. 5, 2016, co entered into at market issuance sales agreement with FBR capital to create an at--market equity program
* Onconova Therapeutics Inc - effective april 19, 2017, company terminated sales agreement and related atm program - sec filing
* Onconova Therapeutics Inc - has decided to terminate sales agreement because it does not intend to utilize sales agreement to raise additional capital
* Onconova Therapeutics Inc - company will not incur any termination penalties as a result of its termination of sales agreement Source text - bit.ly/2p0N6Wx Further company coverage:
PRAGUE, April 5 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Czech financial markets on Wednesday. ALL TIMES GMT (Czech Republic: GMT + 2 hours) =========================ECONOMIC DATA========================== Real-time economic data releases.................... Summary of economic data and forecasts........... Recently released economic data.................. Previous stories on Czech data............. **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/2E/events-overview =========================NEWS=================================== O2: Telecoms firm O2 Czech Republic said it successfully executed new funding (“Schuldschein”) in the total amount of CZK 3.5 billion. Story: Related stories: TELECOMS: Czech lawmakers have approved in an initial reading a bill allowing regulators to levy higher fines on telecoms companies, one of several measures the government is pushing to put more pressure on operators to cut prices and improve services. Story: Related stories: CEE MARKETS: Central European currencies eased and bonds extended gains on Tuesday after a batch of weaker-than-expected economic data. Story: Related stories: =======================PRESS DIGEST============================ BANKS: Czech bank's combined net profit rose 12.7 percent last year to 74.7 billion crowns ($2.95 billion). Hospodarske Noviny, page 12 RENEWABLES: No new wind power plants came online in the Czech Republic last year while 50 small solar plants with a combined capacity of 0.7 MW started operations, according to energy market operator OTE. The newspaper said the majority of renewable power plants came online in 2009-11 and that low or non-existent subsidies have caused the decline. Hospodarske Noviny, page 12 OKD: The finance and industry ministers agreed to submit a plan to the government for state company Prisko, controlled by the finance ministry, to make an 80 million crown bids for insolvent mining company OKD. Hospodarske Noviny, page 15 (Reuters has not verified the stories, nor does it vouch for their accuracy.) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX For updates on CEE currencies TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets Prague Newsroom: +420 224 190 477 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com ($1 = 25.3250 Czech crowns) (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: People look at pots on display at a shop in central Athens, Greece, March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
ATHENS A new rift between Athens and the International Monetary Fund over pensions and labor reforms has dealt a blow to an initial accord, dashing hopes for a bailout review deal before a meeting of euro zone finance ministers this week.
Talks between Athens, the European Union and the Washington-based IMF have dragged on for months due to differences over Greece's fiscal progress, labor and energy market reforms. The delays have revived fears of a new crisis in Europe, which is already reeling from Britain's decision to exit the union.
Sources close to the talks said Greece and its creditors had reached an initial agreement on the main issues of the bailout review in Brussels last week but they hit a last-minute snag.
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras' leftist-led government, which has been sliding in opinion polls, pulled back on the timing of agreed pension cuts, one source said. This prompted the IMF to seek a renegotiation on labor reforms, another source said.
A third source said "there were objections (to the deal), which did not come directly from the institutions involved in the talks", without elaborating.
EU/IMF mission chiefs were initially expected to return to Athens to sort out the details before a meeting of euro zone finance ministers in Malta on Friday.
"An agreement had been reached on the main parts in Brussels but then there was a breakdown," one of the sources said.
Athens agreed in February to take more austerity measures to convince the IMF to participate in its current bailout program, as sought by many EU countries facing national elections this year. The move helped speed up the negotiations which continued in Athens and Brussels.
The agreed measures, worth 2 percent of gross domestic product, included lowering the tax-free threshold to about 6,000 euros and cutting pension spending - one of the highest in the euro zone - in 2019, a year after Greece's bailout expires.
Athens had won over some concessions on labor reforms, a key demand by the IMF which has not yet decided if it will participate in the country's third bailout program.
Alternate Foreign Affairs Minister George Katrougalos told Skai radio the IMF wanted more concessions from the Greek side.
"Although there was a done deal, following concessions from both sides ... they are asking for more," they said, adding that the latest demands concerned labor reforms.
The Commission said on Friday there was no fixed date for the mission chiefs' return. Talks continue via teleconference.
If concluded the review will unlock vital bailout funds. Greece faces big debt repayments in July and needs the cash.
"Building on progress already made in talks, the institutions are continuing consultations from headquarters, said Commission spokesperson Margaritis Schinas on Monday. "The aim is to lay the ground for the conclusion of the second review as soon as possible."
(Reporting by Renee Maltezou and Lefteris Papadimas; Additional reporting Jan Strupcewski in Brussels; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
Everton 3 Southampton 0
Sam Allardyce may not be the only Premier League manager calling for the head of the fixture organiser. Southampton suffered their third defeat in six days as a heavy workload, combined with the powerful presence of Romelu Lukaku, finally told on Claude Puel's weary team at Everton. Ronald Koeman's men capitalised to devastating late effect.
There was little between two teams competing to be the best of the rest in this Premier League campaign until the closing stages at Goodison Park when the introduction of Enner Valencia gave much-needed support to the commanding Lukaku. Within 11 minutes of their arrival the Ecuador international had opened the scoring with their first goal for their on-loan club, they then won a penalty converted by Leighton Baines before Lukaku sealed victory in emphatic style in the final minute. The finale provided the gloss to an otherwise mundane contest.
Fatigue may have contributed to a sterile first half but early injuries disrupted the plans and momentum of both teams. In the opening seconds Cédric Soares, the Southampton full-back, slid into the advertising hoardings after a clean challenge by Baines and suffered a head injury that required lengthy treatment. They were eventually replaced by Jack Stephens, the 22-year-old making their first Premier League appearance for the Saints, as Puel's resources were stretched further.
The Southampton manager had made six changes to the team beaten at home by West Bromwich Albion on New Year's Eve and was also without the suspended Virgil van Dijk. Their team's organisation in defence and on the counterattack remained intact, much to their credit, until an improved second-half display by Everton and a ridiculous fixture list took their toll.
Koeman attempted to freshen their team with the inclusion of Tom Davies and Dominic Calvert-Lewin, the 18-year-old midfielder and 19-year-old striker being rewarded for lively substitute appearances at Hull City on Friday and becoming the first teenager due to start a Premier League fixture this season. Calvert-Lewin made an early impact alongside Romelu Lukaku in the Everton attack, setting up Ross Barkley for a low drive saved by Fraser Forster, but their first start for the club would be brief.
ADVERTISEMENT
Having twisted their left ankle as they drove into the Southampton area, the £1.5m summer recruit from Sheffield United gamely limped on for six minutes before succumbing to the inevitable and making way for Kevin Mirallas. It was an unfortunate end to a full debut – as sporting handshakes from Southampton players acknowledged – and Everton laboured without their energy up front.
Forster saved with their legs from Lukaku when the hosts broke from a Southampton corner through Ross Barkley and Idrissa Gana Gueye, making their final appearance for Everton before departing for the Africa Cup of Nations with Senegal. But the visitors were more cohesive and composed in the first half, particularly on the break, and should have edged in front through Jay Rodriguez. The forward escaped a booking when they converted Dusan Tadic's cross with a raised arm, tested Joel Robles with an angled drive that deflected off Ashley Williams and created their best chance out of nothing. Collecting Jordy Clasie's ball with their back to goal, Rodriguez spun away from Davies, slipped away from Williams and, with only the Everton goalkeeper to beat but Seamus Coleman flying in, skied their shot high over the bar. A costly miss.
Unsurprisingly, Everton showed more energy than their weary visitors in the second half with Lukaku's influence improving in tandem with their first touch. Coleman's raids down the right offered an important outlet against a deep, tiring defence and the two combined to telling effect for the breakthrough. It was Lukaku who released Coleman to the byline and also met the inviting cross that came back from the Republic of Ireland international with a downward header. Forster saved with their foot, the rebound bounced off Lukaku's thigh and dropped perfectly for Valencia to convert their first club goal for 12 months from close range.
The Ecuador international, who had only been on the pitch for 11 minutes as a replacement for Aaron Lennon, then won the penalty that enabled Baines to make the points safe for Everton when they were up-ended by Maya Yoshida with their back to goal. Southampton had no complaints as Everton's captain for the day sent their goalkeeper the wrong way from the spot.
Everton's final goal was reward for Lukaku's second-half contribution and evidence of Southampton's lethargy. Jose Fonte was easily dispossessed by Baines as they attempted to bring the ball out of defence and Davies pierced their backline with a fine ball into the feet of the Belgium international. Forster had no chance as an unstoppable shot flew high into their net.
(Guardian service)
March 29 Katrina Group Ltd
* katrina to expand overseas footprint, enters into mou with leading restaurant chain operator, Ajisen China
* Proposed collaboration expected to be by way of franchise or joint ventur
* Parties shall negotiate and determine manner of proposed collaboration, whether by way of franchise or joint venture
* Definitive agreement is expected to be negotiated and finalised by first half of 2017
* Katrina and Ajisen China to collaborate in opening restaurants under "so pho" brand in hong kong and prc Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) -
(Please note that all dollar amounts in this news release are expressed in U.S. dollars unless otherwise indicated.)
Primero Mining Corp. ("Primero" or the "Company") (TSX: P) today announces that the Company has closed the previously disclosed sale of the Black Fox mine and associated assets, located near Timmins, Ontario, Canada, to McEwen Mining Inc. ( NYSE : MUX) (TSX: MUX) ("McEwen"). Primero will receive total consideration of $32.5 million following a closing net working capital adjustment of $2.5 million. This includes $27.5 million in cash proceeds and the expected release of $5.0 million from restricted cash that was pledged towards environmental closure liabilities in the amount of $16.5 million, which will be assumed by McEwen. The proceeds net of closing costs from the sale of the Black Fox Complex have been used to permanently reduce the outstanding balance on the Company's revolving credit facility ("RCF"). When released, the restricted cash will also be applied to reduce the outstanding balance of the RCF, and following which Primero will have an additional $5.0 million of available credit for further drawdown, if required.
About Primero
Primero Mining Corp. is a Canadian-based precious metals producer that owns 100% of the San Dimas gold-silver mine and the Cerro del Gallo gold-silver-copper development project in Mexico.
Primero's website is www.primeromining.com.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
This news release contains "forward-looking statements", within the meaning of applicable United States and Canadian securities legislation, concerning the business and operations of Primero Mining Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, "Primero" or the "Company"). All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this news release include statements regarding the Company's expectation to receive total consideration of $32.5 million for the sale of the Black Fox mine and associated assets, the expected release of $5 million from restricted cash, that upon its release such cash will be applied to reduce the outstanding balance of the Company's revolving credit facility, and that thereafter the Company will have an additional $5 million of available credit to further draw on the revolving credit facility. The assumptions made by the Company in preparing the forward-looking information contained in this news release, which may prove to be incorrect, include, but are not limited to: the expectations and beliefs of management; the specific assumptions set forth above in this news release; that there is no significant delay in the release of the restricted cash; that the exchange rate between the Canadian dollar and the United States dollar remain consistent with current levels; that there are no other events or matters that would prevent the Company either from paying down the outstanding balance of the revolving credit facility, or otherwise affect its ability thereafter to draw on the revolving credit facility.
Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Primero to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including: there may be delays in the release of the restricted cash; the exchange rate between the Canadian dollar and the United States dollar may change with an adverse impact on the amount of the released restricted cash when stated in U.S. dollars; the Company may not be able to draw down, re-finance or extend its line of credit facility. Certain of these factors are discussed in greater detail in Primero's registration statement on Form 40-F on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and its most recent Annual Information Form on file with the Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities and available at www.sedar.com. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described in forward-looking statements. In addition, although Primero has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof and accordingly are subject to change after such date. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purpose of providing information about management's current expectations and plans and allowing investors and others to get a better understanding of our operating environment. Primero does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that are included in this document, except in accordance with applicable securities laws.
Attachment Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/10/3/11G146183/PR21-17_BF_Closing_Final_FINAL-f09c4e8340bc9baaa94e8146ee4c0a5e.pdf
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
(Adds details throughout on stocks and sectors and updates prices)
* TSX rises 14.24 points, or 0.09 percent, to 15,683.31
* Seven of the TSX's 10 main groups rise
TORONTO, April 5 Canada's main stock index rose on Wednesday to a nearly six-week high, although some gains were pared as oil prices fluctuated after the release of U.S. inventory data, while lower gold prices weighed on some mining shares.
At 11:22 a.m. ET (1522 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index rose 14.24 points, or 0.09 percent, to 15,683.31. It touched its highest intraday since Feb. 23 at 15,758.39.
Gains for the index came after solid private employment data underscored the strength of the U.S. economy, boosting financial stocks and helping calm investor jitters over President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on their policy plans.
Canada's heavyweight financial services group edged up 0.1 percent, with Royal Bank of Canada up 0.6 percent at C$97.42.
Suncor Energy Inc rose 1.3 percent to C$41.55, while the overall energy group was up 0.2 percent.
U.S. crude prices retreated from an earlier four-week high, down 0.1 percent at $50.99 a barrel, after data showed a surprise build in U.S. crude stockpiles.
Seven of the index's 10 main groups rose, including a 0.6 percent gain for consumer discretionary stocks.
Department store retailer Hudson's Bay Co reported a quarterly loss on Tuesday, due in part to an impairment charge related to weak sales at Saks OFF 5TH and Gilt.
Still, its shares rose 7.2 percent to C$10.40.
China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd is in advanced talks to buy a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero gold mine in Argentina, in a deal that could fetch more than $1 billion, people familiar with the process told Reuters.
Barrick's shares fell 1.1 percent to C$25.81 as gold prices retreated. Gold futures fell 0.7 percent to $1,246.4 an ounce.
The overall materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, gained 0.1 percent.
Copper prices advanced 2.1 percent to $5,898.5 a tonne. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Chris Reese)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MADRID, April 20 Spain's Banco Popular CEO Ignacio Sanchez-Asiain said on Thursday the lender's current priority is the sell off of non-performing real estate assets as it fights to return to profits and improve its capital.
"The priority is divestment of the real estate business. We're hoping the rate of divestment increases and that we do it in the shortest time possible," Sanchez-Asiain said during a conference in Madrid.
The bank is considered Spain's weakest due to its exposure to about 36 billion euros of non-performing real estate assets, and reported a record 3.5 billion euro ($3.70 billion) loss last year.
Merger or acquisition deals also remain a possibility for the bank, they said. (Reporting by Jesus Aguado; Writing by Paul Day)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE: Audrey Genzer has been found.
Deputies were called out to the Augusta Mall shortly before 10 a.m. Monday, where two mall patrons saw Genzer drinking coffee at the mall Starbucks. They were taken home.
The Richmond County Sheriff's Office is looking for a missing woman.
The Sheriff's Office says 27 year-old Audrey Genzer was last seen at their home on the 3000 block of Milledgeville Road at around 9 a.m. Sunday morning. Genzer is listed at 5'7, 110 pounds and has brown hair and brown eyes.
Them mother told Deputies that they have the mental capacity of a 5 year-old. Investigators say they might be wearing a red shirt, thick eyeglasses, blue jeans, black shoes, and could have their hair in a ponytail. They don't have a cellphone on them If you have any information, contact the Sheriff's Office.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Li Ching-yu (C), holds photos of their husband, Taiwanese human rights activist Li Ming-che, detained in China, during a news conference in Taipei, Taiwan March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
TAIPEI China's detention of a Taiwan activist was not a "one-off", the Taiwan government said Thursday, a day after the man's wife and rights groups demanded their release or at least that they be told the charges against him.
Li Ming-che, a community college worker known for supporting human rights in China, disappeared when travelling into China on March 19.
On Wednesday, Beijing, which views self-ruled Taiwan as a renegade province, confirmed that Li was being held and was under investigation on suspicion of harming national security. It did not elaborate or disclose Li's whereabouts.
"Li Ming-che's case is not a one-off. Similar events have been endless in formal cross-Strait exchanges to date," the ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) said in a statement, referring to the stretch of water dividing China and Taiwan.
"For China to detain Taiwanese people based on the reason of national security will only increase doubts for Taiwanese people travelling to China and affect normal exchanges between people of both sides."
Activists in Taiwan linked Li's detention to a new law targeting foreign non-governmental organisations in China, which grants broad powers to police to question NGO workers, monitor their finances and regulate their work.
The case further strains ties between Taipei and Beijing, which have cooled since Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen took power last year because they refuse to concede that the island is part of China. Tsai also leads the DPP, which traditionally advocates independence for Taiwan, a red line for Beijing.
Beijing has never renounced the use of force to bring Taiwan into its fold, while proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being run by Communist Party rulers in Beijing.
(Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Nick Macfie)
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Alaska Airlines has updated its policy on emotional support animals.
Starting May 1, customers flying with psychiatric service animals must provide animal health and behavioral documents and a signed document from a medical professional at least 48 hours prior to departure.
The airline will also stop allowing amphibians, goats and animals with hooves, tusks or horns.
Alaska Airlines spokesperson Tim Thompson said there will be an exception for trained miniature horses, though.
Advertisement
Thompson said the changes are in response to increasing problems with emotional support animals on planes. They said there have been incidents where animals have bitten customers and employees.
"Most animals cause no problems," Ray Prentice said, Alaska Airlines director of customer advocacy. "However, over the last few years, we have observed a steady increase in incidents from animals who haven't been adequately trained to behave in a busy airport setting or on a plane, which has prompted us to strengthen our policy."
Alaska Airlines in recent years has handled about 150 support animals every day.
The new policy does not affect certified service animals, which are typically dogs helping owners with physical disabilities. The new restrictions only apply to animals assisting emotional, psychiatric, cognitive or psychological disabilities.
A man from the Cringleford area will appear before a judge tomorrow, after being charged with the murder of Peter Wrighton.
23-year-old Alexander Palmer, of Freesia Way, Cringleford, was charged early this morning and appeared in front of magistrates in Norwich later on.
The charge came after 83 year old Peter, from Banham, received fatal stab wounds in woodland near East Harling last Saturday morning, 5th August 2017.
The Street in East Harling remains closed whilst the investigation continues and officers are still working in the area, providing reassurance, speaking with witnesses and conducting house to house and CCTV enquiries.
Detectives are also searching and forensically examining a number of locations which are linked to the ongoing investigation.
(Adds mischief charge, name of suspect)
TORONTO, April 6 An American man was arrested and charged with mischief after airport officials found a "mock improvised explosive device" in a suitcase on a United Airlines flight bound from Toronto to Chicago, Canadian police said on Thursday.
The suspect, identified as Joseph Galaska, 58, was held for a bail hearing. Police did not reveal details on their residence.
Police checked the device for explosives and determined it was not a threat, a Peel Regional police spokesperson said. The Chicago O'Hare-bound flight was delayed for hours from its scheduled 7 a.m. EDT (1100 GMT) departure and all other passengers and their luggage were rescreened. (Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Dan Grebler)
HOUSTON Phillips 66 (PSX.N) expects the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to agree to extend crude oil production cuts at the organization's May 25 meeting, Chief Executive Greg Garland said in a Friday morning conference call.
"I think our base case assumes that there's extension in May in terms of OPEC," Garland while discussing the outlook for crude oil supplies during a conference call with Wall Street analysts to discuss first quarter earnings.
(Reporting by Erwin Seba; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 6 Oceaneering International Inc:
* Oceaneering announces Anadarko Constellation umbilical contract
* Oceaneering International Inc - secured a contract from Anadarko Petroleum Corporation
* Oceaneering International Inc - contract to supply umbilical for Anadarko's Constellation subsea tieback in U.S. Gulf of Mexico
* Oceaneering International Inc - Oceaneering plans to design and manufacture umbilical at its facility in Panama City, Florida
* Oceaneering International Inc - umbilical is expected to be tied back to Anadarko's constitution spar Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
VAL D‘ISERE (Reuters) - Six-times overall World Cup winner Marcel Hirscher defied difficult conditions to win the slalom at Val d‘Isere on Sunday.
Skiing - Men's Alpine Ski World Cup Slalom - Val d´Isere, France - December 10, 2017 Austria's Marcel Hirscher celebrates on the podium after winning the Men's Alpine Ski World Cup Slalom REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
The Austrian, who broke their ankle in pre-season training in August but now looks fully recovered, was only eighth fastest after the first leg in heavy snow and poor visibility.
But the 28-year-old bounced back to produce a perfect second run and win with a combined time of one minute 41.94 seconds, 0.39 seconds ahead of Norway's Henrik Kristoffersen while Andre Myhrer of Sweden was third.
Twenty-four skiers fell victim to the conditions as they failed to complete the first run.
Hirscher's second World Cup win of the season, following their giant slalom victory at Beaver Creek one week earlier, lifted them to second in the overall standings behind Kristoffersen.
SHANGHAI China will soon release details of ambitious ownership reform plans at central government-owned firms, including telecom giant China Unicom and China Eastern Airlines (600115.SS), the official Xinhua news agency said on Wednesday.
China's long-awaited mixed ownership reforms will allow private capital to invest in firms run directly by the central government, and are part of an ambitious revamp of the country's sclerotic and debt-ridden state sector.
The central government currently owns and administers 102 enterprises in sectors ranging from nuclear technology to medicine.
China Unicom's Hong Kong listed subsidiary (0762.HK) said last week that its main state shareholder was currently reviewing its ownership structure.
Xinhua said the first round of pilot reforms would also involve the China Southern Power Grid and the China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation, and a second round would begin later this year, extending reforms to more industrial sectors.
China made mixed ownership reform one of its priorities during a meeting of the Central Economic Work Conference late last year.
It said in its government work report published at the beginning of the full session of parliament in March that "substantive progress" would be made this year on mixed ownership reforms in key sectors like electric power, oil and gas, railways, civil aviation and defense.
Xiao Yaqing, the head of the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC), told a media briefing last month that they expected major breakthroughs this year, but they stressed that it would not be appropriate for every single state firm.
(Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
Image caption Mick Jennings died in hospital after the blaze at the sewage treatment plant on Oxton Lane in Tadcaster
A worker who tried to rescue their colleague from a fatal blaze at a water sewage plant saw "his whole body catch fire", an inquest has heard.
Mick Jennings, 55, died in hospital following the blaze in Tadcaster, North Yorkshire, on 20 July 2015.
The jury at Selby Civic Centre heard sparks from a grinding tool they used caused the fire at a treatment tank.
David Jones recalled the moment their own thigh caught fire as they pulled Mr Jennings out of a well.
In a statement read out in court by Coroner Robert Turnbull, Mr Jones, who was not at the inquest, said they were working with Mr Jennings when they saw "sparks on Mick's right leg... They [Mr Jennings] went to pat it then their whole body caught fire".
'Explosive environment'
Mr Jennings, a mechanical fitter for Yorkshire Water, was changing a drain valve in a 11ft (3.4m) deep well at the tank when the fire started, the jury heard.
Giving evidence, John Micklethwaite, from the Health and Safety Executive, said a valve was opened letting leaked oxygen in, which reacted with an angle grinder causing the fire.
Bolts holding the valve in place had corroded to such an extent that Mr Jennings could not remove them without using the grinding device, the inquest heard.
A risk assessment form had been filled and a permit had been granted to work on the Oxton Lane site.
Mr Jones said they had "no reason to suspect it was an oxygenated or explosive environment".
The inquest continues.
Fish which an employee says are contaminated and decomposed are pictured at a frozen food storage facility in Vietnam's central Ha Tinh province April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kham
An employee poses with what they say are contaminated decomposed shrimps at a frozen food storage facility in Vietnam's central Ha Tinh province April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kham
Protests were held at several places along Vietnam's coast on Thursday, a year after the country's worst environmental disaster was caused by a spill from a steel mill, activists said.
Sea life began washing up on April 6, 2016 near a steel plant being developed by Taiwan's Formosa Plastics Corp. Within weeks, more than 200 km (125 miles) of coast had been contaminated.
After months of rallies and an outpouring of anger not seen in four decades of Communist Party rule, Formosa agreed to pay $500 million in compensation.
On Thursday, people in Nghe An, Ha Tinh and Quang Binh provinces, led by church groups, held demonstrations on land and aboard boats in a show of anger towards Formosa and the government for their handling of the incident, activists said.
Pictures and videos posted on Facebook showed people carrying banners saying "Who has brought Formosa here to poison Vietnam?".
Others said "Government takes money, people take disaster".
In one area, fishermen took boats to sea to hold a protest without risking suppression by the local authority, activist Paul Tran Minh Nhat said.
But none of the groups protesting on Thursday had faced any intervention from the police, they said.
Nghe An and Ha Tinh provincial authorities were not immediately reachable for comment.
The government said on Thursday it was prosecuting one man accused of agitating for destruction of Formosa's facilities, but that did not appear related to the latest protests.
The demonstrations came one day after Vietnam's environment ministry said Formosa's steel mill has met environment ministry conditions to start test runs after addressing 52 out of 53 violations, sparking worries among activists.
(Editing by Catherine Evans)
Reebok President Matt O'Toole talks about how the shoe company tries to develop marketing that is emotionally engaging in an effort to sell more personalized and customized products. They also address its approach to the competition and why Reebok is moving its headquarters to Boston from the suburbs. Plus, why the Raiders' move to Las Vegas won't end up costing Nevada taxpayers much and why NHL players may not participate in the next winter Olympics.
April 3 The sale of debt by states, cities, schools and other issuers in the U.S. municipal bond market totaled $86.5 billion in 2017's first quarter, a drop of 9.5 percent from the same period in 2016, according to Thomson Reuters data on Monday.
Citigroup was the top underwriter of muni bonds during the first three months of 2017 with $14.25 billion of debt in 123 deals. California was the top issuer, selling $2.79 billion of debt. (Reporting By Karen Pierog; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A sex fiend who kidnapped and molested a girl of six 16 years ago has finally faced justice – after they were stopped for drink-driving on their birthday.
A DNA swab taken from Arnold Baxter matched samples taken from the victim's coat after they were snatched in March, 2001.
Baxter, 72, was jailed for nine years after they admitted charges of kidnap and indecent assault.
They dragged their young victim into a black Ford Mondeo – fitted with fake number plates – in the village of Barton-under-Needwood, near Lichfield .
The girl was found by a passing driver in the neighbouring village of Walton-on-Trent after Baxter dumped them on the street half-an-hour later.
The case featured on Crimewatch and police received more than 200 calls.
The distressed young victim even drew a picture of their attacker, which was published by detectives as part of their investigation .
But Baxter, of Bath Street, Rugby, was not arrested until they were stopped by officers on their birthday last September.
The victim's mother welcomed the sentence, imposed at Stafford Crown Court .
They said: “My daughter has spent these last 15 years growing into the beautiful and successful person that they are today and will continue to be in the years to come.
“In spite of – or perhaps because of – their kind and generous nature, my daughter fully deserves to have this moment.
“The man who is none of these things, a man who thinks it's acceptable to kidnap, assault and abandon a vulnerable six-year old child, has finally been called to account for their actions and will now be punished for them.
“Mr Baxter has spent the last 15 years of their life continuing to go about their day-to-day business and taking advantage of the things they enjoy in life.
“I can only imagine that even the most mundane of pleasures must always have been tainted somewhat by the knowledge that one day their enjoyment of them must come to an end.”
Claire Nicholls, from the Crown Prosecution Service, said: “For over 15 years Arnold Baxter thought that they had got away with their crime.
“However, they have now been brought to justice and will have to face the consequences of their actions.
“Once the prosecution was able to demonstrate the DNA match of the defendant to the indecent assault, Baxter had no other option but to plead guilty to what they had done.”
FRANKFURT, March 29 European Central Bank policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April after small tweaks this month upset investors and raised the spectre of a surge in borrowing costs for the bloc's indebted periphery.
One ECB source said the bank has been overinterpreted by markets at its March 9 meeting.
Taken aback when markets started to price in an interest rate hike early next year, policymakers are keen to reassure investors that their easy-money policy is far from ending, suggesting reluctance change message before June, six sources in and close to the Governing Council indicated.
While the current level of bond yields remains acceptable, a further increase would be problematic, particularly in places like Italy, Spain and Portugal, where debt payments are a major cost item and rising yields would curb spending and thwart growth.
With the euro zone economy on its best run in almost a decade and conservative policymakers# keen to start winding down stimulus, the ECB gave a small nod to improvement with a tweak of its guidance in early March, axing a reference to being ready to act with all available instruments.
But that message did not come across as hoped.
"We wanted to communicate reduced tail risk but the market took it as a step to the exit," one of the sources said. "The message was way overinterpreted."
Indeed, yields surged and investors quickly priced in a rate hike for the first quarter of 2018, even as policymakers tried in vain to play down those expectations.
The market move was exacerbated when Austrian central bank chief Ewald Nowotny openly discussed another possible change in bank's guidance, hinting at a major debate under the surface, a speculation the sources dismissed.
ECB chief economist Peter Praet has been in damage control since, arguing that there is "strong logic" backing up the guidance, which stipulates that asset buys would have to end before any interest rate hike.
The ECB declined to comment.
With inflation below the ECB's target for four straight years until recently, the bank has cut rates deep into negative territory and plans to buy at least 2.3 trillion euros worth of bonds, all in the hope of cutting borrowing costs enough to revive growth and with its inflation.
NIGHTMARE
Some have argued that with the economy on more solid footing, the ECB could soon eliminate the punitive interest rate charge, raising the deposit rate to zero, even as asset buys continue.
"That would be a communication nightmare," one of the sources said. "If you raise rates, you can't communicate that it's a one off, only back to zero, then we stop again."
"The market would immediately price in a new rate path, pushing the entire curve sharply higher," the source added
With the euro zone government debt at 91.3 percent of GDP, not far below the 94.5 percent peak in 2014, governments can hardly afford big rise in borrowing costs as a yield rise could cap public spending, thwarting investment and growth.
The sources also argued that the market may not be accurately pricing risks related to the new U.S. administration, like the possibility of trade wars, protectionism, financial deregulation or President Donald Trump's difficulty in pushing their agenda through Congress.
Banks, the biggest losers from negative rates, have meanwhile benefited from the steepening of the yield curve this year so there is no urgency to give them a hand, the sources added.
Inflation having hit 2 percent last month, essentially meeting the ECB's target, also put some pressure on policymaker as German criticism of loose monetary policy heated up.
"Inflation has peaked for now and the oil price is down 10 percent so we are far having to worry about too much inflation," a third source said.
While the sources acknowledged unexpected strength in the underlying economy, they said it was difficult to communicate this through its policy statements, especially with underlying inflation showing few signs of moving up.
"A small change in the wording can easily be blown out of proportion," one of the sources said. "There is a communication risk and I would argue for stability." (Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Specialty Paper and Paperboards Market: Overview
Though there is no set distinction between paper and paperboard, the latter (single- or multi-ply) is normally thicker in comparison. Specialty paper and paperboards require distinct and elite raw materials and have similar applications.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/specialty-paper-paperboards-market.html
Specialty papers are usually employed in applications with representative values (such as cheques, money, vouchers, and security papers, as well as in packaging (wrapping paper and wallpaper), construction (construction paper, paper engineering, and composite materials) and others (such as litmus paper, blotting paper, and electrical insulation paper).
Specialty paperboards are usually utilized as cardboard boxes for packaging and drawing boards for students in faculties such as the arts, architecture, and engineering and also as sign boards in advertising and hard board covers for books, magazines, and notebooks. They are used to manufacturing containers, cartons, and trays employed to serve food as well as store medicines, food, and dairy products.
Specialty Paper and Paperboards Market Trends
Packaging applications hold a major share in the specialty paper and paperboards market, followed by printing and graphics. Consumption has been observed to be related to economic trends (GDP). The industry requires extensive investments, which is why a few prominent players usually dominate the market in a region.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22499
The usage of digital media has increased for marketing and advertising purposes since it offers exposure to a large population and is economical and environment friendly. A major cause of deforestation is the requirement of paper, which can be lessened by using digital media. This can be considered as a constraint for the market for specialty paper and paperboards.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Ngati Kahungunu iwi and Craggy Range winery have done a deal to build an alternative track up Te Mata Peak.
The two organisations have been at loggerheads after the winery built a walking track with resource consent from Hastings District Council on the eastern side of Te Mata Peak, without consulting the iwi for which the mountain is sacred.
After facing a backlash, the winery announced last year it would remove the track and restore the land but then reneged on that promise, offering alternative options to keep the track.
However, this morning the pair announced a shock agreement to purchase 28 hectares of land on Te Mata Peak together, closing the original track and to instead build a culturally sensitive alternative track in partnership.
The land purchased includes the land where the current track was built.
In a joint statement the iwi and winery say “This will enable Ngati to tell the stories of the Seven faces of Te Mata and Rongokako, the history of this land and other sites of cultural significance to this place.”
The land will also be used to construct a carpark for the community to use at the beginning of the track.
Craggy Range has declined to be interviewed but Ngati Kahungunu chairperson Ngahiwi Tomoana has addressed this issue with TVNZ1's Te Karere today.
"As an iwi we think that mitigating is better than litigating, rather than take it to court we now have a speedy resolution for the community and have avoided a lot of angst," Mr Tomoana said.
An expert reference group was set up recently by the Hastings District Council to find a positive solution for the track debate.
FILE PHOTO - A police officer keeps watch in front of the U.S. Federal Reserve building in Washington, DC, U.S. on October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque//File Photo
WASHINGTON Most Federal Reserve policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up, minutes from their last meeting showed.
The minutes released on Wednesday of the March 14-15 policy discussion, at which the Fed voted 9-1 to raise interest rates, also showed that the rate-setting committee had a broad discussion about whether to phase out or halt reinvestments all at once.
"Provided that the economy continued to perform about as expected, most participants anticipated that gradual increases in the federal funds rate would continue and judged that a change to the Committee's reinvestment policy would likely be appropriate later this year," the Fed said in the minutes.
Treasury yields initially rose sharply after the release of the minutes but reversed course. The dollar briefly slipped while stocks on Wall Street fell.
The Fed bought Treasury and mortgage-backed bonds on an unprecedented scale in the wake of the financial crisis to help keep interest rates low to spur hiring and growth.
Fed policymakers have previously indicated that any plan to shrink its portfolio would let the bonds naturally roll off, by not reinvesting them when they mature, once its interest rate hikes were "well under way."
"The December FOMC meeting is probably the most likely date to introduce this change," said Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics in Toronto, following the publication of the minutes.
The Fed's lifted its benchmark interest rate in March to a target range of between 0.75 and 1 percent, its second hike in three months, and signaled it remained on track to lift rates twice more this year.
In the minutes, almost all policymakers agreed that the timing of a change in balance sheet policy would depend on economic and financial conditions and generally preferred to taper or stop investments in both Treasury and mortgage-backed bonds.
An approach that phased out reinvestments was seen as less likely to trigger financial market volatility while doing so all at once "was generally viewed as easier to communicate while allowing for somewhat swifter normalization of the size of the balance sheet."
What they all agreed on was that shrinking the balance sheet should be gradual and predictable and nearly all said that any altering of the policy "should be communicated...well in advance of an actual change."
UPSIDE RISKS TO ECONOMY
New York Fed President William Dudley recently said that taking steps to normalize the balance sheet would tighten financial conditions and could affect the pace of rate rises.
Prior to the minutes Wall Street banks expected no changes to the balance sheet policy until mid-2018, the latest poll by the New York Fed showed.
Elsewhere in the minutes policymakers appeared to see upside risks to the economy while there was still disagreement on how close the Fed was to meeting its 2 percent inflation goal this year.
In its March policy statement, the Fed said that its inflation target was "symmetric," indicating it could tolerate price rises temporarily overshooting its 2 percent target rate.
Along with the minutes, the central bank for the first time also published a set of so-called "fan charts" to show the extent of uncertainty around their quarterly economic forecasts.
Uncertainty around them was substantial, the Fed said.
The Fed's next policy meeting is scheduled for May 2-3 while investors currently expect another rate rise in June.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir and Howard Schneider; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
File photo: A member of forces loyal to Syria's President Bashar al-Assad stands with a civilian on the rubble of the Carlton Hotel, in the government controlled area of Aleppo, Syria December 17, 2016. REUTERS/Omar Sanadiki
JERUSALEM Israel's military said on Wednesday it believes Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces still possess several tonnes of chemical weapons, issuing the assessment two weeks after a chemical attack that killed nearly 90 people in Syria.
Israel, along with many countries, blames the strike on Assad's military. French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said French intelligence services would provide proof of that in the coming days.
A senior Israeli military officer, in a briefing to Israeli reporters, said "a few tonnes of chemical weapons" remained in the hands of Assad's forces, a military official told Reuters.
Some local media reports quoted the briefing officer, who spoke on condition of anonymity in line with Israeli military procedure, as putting the amount at up to 3 tonnes.
In a 2013 agreement brokered by Russia and the United States, Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons.
Earlier in the day, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical weapons, a global watchdog, said sarin or a similar banned toxin was used in the April 4 strike in Syria's Idlib province.
The findings supported earlier testing by Turkish and British laboratories.
Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman told Israel's Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper on April 6 that they were "100 percent certain" that the attack was "directly ordered and planned by Assad". They did not elaborate on how they reached that conclusion.
Syria has repeatedly denied it was behind the attack in Khan Sheikhoun. Assad was quoted as saying last week that Syria's military gave up all its chemical weapons in 2013 after the agreement made at the time, and would not have used them anyway.
Israel closely monitors the civil war in Syria, a northern neighbour. During the six-year conflict, Israel has largely stayed on the sidelines, carrying out occasional air strikes against what it says is the movement of weapons to Iranian-backed Lebanese Hezbollah militants.
(This story corrects sourcing in paragraph 3)
(Reporting by Jeffrey Heller; Editing by Alison Williams)
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
LONDON (Reuters) - AstraZeneca (AZN.L) has clinched two new deals with Chinese tech giants Alibaba (BABA.N) and Tencent (0700.HK) as the British drugmaker steps up its drive to expand business in China.
China is now the world's second-largest drugs market behind the United States and is a particular bright spot for AstraZeneca, accounting for 15 percent of its drug sales -- a far higher proportion than at other big pharmaceutical companies.
AstraZeneca's sales in China grew 30 percent in the last quarter of 2017 and Chief Executive Pascal Soriot expects them to continue to increase at a “low-20s” percentage rate.
The new strategic partnership with Ali Health, a subsidiary company of Alibaba, aims to deliver new smart health services driven by the Internet and artificial intelligence to help patients find and stay on the right medicines.
The deal with Tencent, meanwhile, involves the development of online tracking systems to fight counterfeit medicines -- a common problem in China.
Both deals were announced on Friday, alongside AstraZeneca's full-year results.
“Overall, these agreements will drive better health outcomes and ... better utilisation of our drugs,” said Chief Executive Pascal Soriot.
The tech tie-ups come two months after AstraZeneca created a new drug development joint venture with a state-backed private equity fund in China, designed to help get new drugs to market more quickly.
AstraZeneca is in a strong position in China after recently having had five new products added to the National Reimbursement Drug List - Onglyza for diabetes, cancer drugs Iressa and Faslodex, heart medicine Brilinta and antipsychotic treatment Seroquel.
WASHINGTON: President Trump is making us ill. He's also driving us crazy.
Advertisements
Since I wrote last week about the possibility that Trump is literally killing me (in the form of high blood pressure), the reaction has been, as the kids say, sick.
From the left came a flood of responses from people experiencing all manner of symptoms, real or imagined, of what I called Trump Hypertensive Unexplained Disorder: Disturbed sleep. Anger. Dread. Weight loss. Overeating. Headaches. Fainting. Depression. Irritable bowel syndrome. Tightness in the chest. Shortness of breath. Teeth grinding. Stomach ulcer. Indigestion. Shingles. Eye twitching. Nausea. Irritability. Racing pulse. Shaking limbs. Hair loss. Acid reflux. Deteriorating vision. Stroke. Heart attack.
It was a veritable organ recital.
From the other side came a similar profusion of responses, in email, on Facebook and from the cesspool known as Twitter, of people wishing me dead. “Hurry up and die already! .?.?. DO US ALL A FAVOR AND JUST CURL UP AND DIE !!!!!!!!! .?.?. With any luck at all Milback (sic) will succumb. .?.?. just see a dr. You know, Dr Kevorkian.” Dozens of Trump supporters delighted in responding by making vulgar references to vaginas, and one wrote to my wife to say it gave them “endless satisfaction” to report that my death is likely.
Then there was somebody under the Twitter handle @deacongfrost: “I HAPPILY KILL YOU.”
I wrote the original piece half in jest, but the response showed something deeper: A large number of people reporting stress-reduced illnesses in the Trump era, and another large number of people so consumed by political disagreement that they desire the death of someone who has different views. Clearly, Trump is causing, or at least aggravating, mental-health problems on both sides.
A timely new paper discusses this phenomenon in the Trump era and the challenge it has caused to the mental-health profession, which is moving toward giving political views a more prominent place in psychotherapy. The paper, by New York analyst Matt Aibel, will be published in January in the journal Psychoanalytic Perspectives. Aibel, a college friend of mine, gave me an advance copy.
“Since the start of Trump's rise to power,” Aibel writes, analysts “have become acutely attuned to traumatic arousals” in patients from the political environment. “Several colleagues have shared that many formerly eating-disordered patients were retriggered to bulimic episodes that hadn't occurred in many years until Trump's candidacy. … In the run-up to the election, mental health providers of all stripes were reporting ‘a striking number of anxious and depressed clients who are fixated on the election, primarily fearful of Trump.' Since Election Day, such colloquialisms as Trump Slump, Trump Anxiety and Trump Affective Disorder achieved cultural and perhaps even clinical currency (in an informally diagnostic sense, of course) along with increases in reported incidents of bullying” and the like.
Those on the right might label this “Trump Derangement Syndrome,” much as I and others detected an “Obama Derangement Syndrome” previously. But the mental trauma caused by politics has reached a point, Aibel argues, where psychoanalysts must rethink how they do things.
“Freudian psychologists had little interest in the political. But the profession is coming to realize that ‘the personal' and ‘the political' are in reality not distinct,” as Aibel puts it. In our current us-vs-them, zero-sum politics, “dearly held self-representations distort perceptions, alter judgment, resist disconfirming factual evidence and remain impervious to rational argument, a phenomenon well-documented in the political and social science literatures … and disconcertingly demonstrated by the Trump faithful's clinging to their ‘alternative facts.'” Aibel acknowledges the unique difficulty in getting people to examine the unconscious parts of political perceptions, because of the “strong pulls of tribalism and moral certitude,” but it must be attempted.
Partisanship drives so much of our lives: where we live, who our friends and spouses are, where we worship and go to school. Mental-health professionals can't expect to understand or help their patients if they don't take into account the socio-political beliefs that determine so much about who we are and how we think.
I hope the new approach works, though I fear that those most likely to subject themselves to psychotherapy are not the ones who send social-media messages wishing for my death.
As the mental-health professionals sort this out, I'll be contemplating the many suggestions helpful readers sent in for treating my own Trump-induced illness: acupuncture, Himalayan herbs, vitamin supplements, yoga, flossing, playing with puppies—and the most common suggestion, unplugging from the news. If only I could. (c) 2017, Washington Post Writers Group
Follow Dana Milbank on Twitter, @Milbank
A blood stain is seen at the site of a suicide attack in Kabul. REUTERS/Mohammad Ismail
Men carry an injured man inside a hospital after a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Ismail
Men carry an injured man inside a hospital after a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Ismail
Men move an injured man to a hospital after a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Ismail
Afghan security forces and medics are seen at the site of a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
A damaged U.S. military vehicle is seen at the site of a suicide bomb attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Mirwais Harooni
A member of the Afghan security force keeps watch at the site of a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghan police officers inspect the site of a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Ismail
Afghan police officers inspect the site of a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Ismail
An Afghan security force personnel inspects the site of a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghan police officers inspect the site of a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghan security forces inspect the site of a suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
KABUL Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing in the Afghan capital, Kabul, on Wednesday that killed eight civilians in an attack on a convoy of NATO armoured personnel vehicles.
The blast hit the convoy during the morning rush hour in one of the busiest parts of Kabul. Public health officials said eight civilians were killed and at least 25 wounded, with a number of civilian vehicles that were near the convoy destroyed or badly damaged.
A spokesperson for the U.S.-led NATO mission, U.S. Navy Captain Bill Salvin, said three U.S. service members were wounded in the attack. The vehicles, which are designed to withstand big blasts, were able to return to a base under their own power, they said.
In a statement on its Amaq news agency, Islamic State said a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-rigged car as the convoy passed near the U.S. embassy.
Although the Afghan branch of Islamic State operates largely in the eastern province of Nangarhar, on the border with Pakistan, the movement has also claimed a string of suicide attacks in Kabul.
Witnesses said traces of blood and clothing could be seen on the ground at the blast site.
The heavily armoured MRAP (Mine Resistant Ambush Protected) vehicles that foreign forces use to travel in Kabul appeared to have suffered only relatively minor external damage, witnesses said.
(Additional reporting by Ahmed Toiba in CAIRO; Writing by James Mackenzie; Editing by Paul Tait, Robert Birsel)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
Lincoln Tan is the New Zealand Herald's diversity, ethnic affairs and immigration senior reporter.
A New Zealand man says running in the streets of North Korea's Pyongyang puts a tick on their bucket list.
Auckland-born Timothy Wright was one of hundreds of foreigners taking part in the isolated city's annual marathon, the highlight of its tourism calender.
"I've set myself a goal of seeing every country in the world before my time is up," said the 24-year-old airline pilot.
"It feels incredible to have taken part in something very few might ever have to opportunity to do."
Officially called the Mangyongdae Prize International Marathon, it was first held in 1981 as part of festivities leading up to the April 15 "Day of the Sun".
This year, the event commemorates the 105th death anniversary of the late Kim Il Sung, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's grandfather who is regarded as the country's "eternal president".
The marathon was opened up to amateur foreign runners three years ago in 2014.
Wright said getting a visa to North Korea, where military tensions are running high, was surprisingly "very straightforward".
"The tour agency takes care of it all for you," they said.
"If anything, securing a double entry Chinese visa was harder than the North Korean visa."
Continued below.
Related Content China, Russia dispatch ships to shadow USS Carl Vinson as it approaches North Korean waters US Vice President Mike Pence: 'Era of strategic patience' is over with North Korea Why North Korea is obsessed with nuclear weapons
Koryo Tours, a specialist agency has the exclusive rights to bring Westerners to the marathon, but works with selected foreign agencies.
Wright travelled to the event with Clint Sargent, 28, also a pilot, through Lupine Travel.
They were in Pyongyang for five days from April 8 to12 and arrived back in New Zealand last Saturday April 15.
More than 1100 foreigners took part in this year's marathon, which included the full road race, the half marathon and a 10km run.
"Running the Pyongyang marathon was almost solely because we wanted permission to enter the DPRK," said Wright, who ran the full marathon.
"We could still have done so as spectators but liked the idea of a challenge."
The course took them past local landmarks such as the Kim Il Sung Square and Mansu Hill, through the recently completed Scientists' Street high-rise district and finishing in the Kim Il Sung Stadium.
"High-fiving lines of children along the footpath as we ran along was awesome, it was also about as close as we came to interaction with the local people," said Wright.
"Crowds of local people were gathered almost all of the way, and cheering us along just as you'd find almost anywhere else."
Dignitaries, some in military uniform were in attendance.
"It most certainly felt as if we were being watched all the time, but never in a threatening or confronting manner," Wright said.
"Our movements were restricted over the course of the marathon, a 'minder' then a military officer, alternating every 100m or so, were dotted along both sides of the road for the length of the entire course."
Local runner Pak Chol, 27, won the race for the third time in 2hr 13min 56sec.
Pyongyang was the cleanest city he'd seen "by a long shot", Wright said, and there were no signs that the country could be on the brink of war.
"The architecture and lack of advertisements we're used to in the West made it feel like Legoland, such a bizarre experience," they said.
"Overall, life there seems to be ticking away as per normal and not once did we ever feel unsafe."
Just a few days after the marathon, North Korea held a failed medium-range missile test.
This reportedly prompted US President Donald Trump to say they were willing to consider ordering military action, including sudden strike on North Korea,.
- NZ Herald
April 12 Capital Hotel Plc:
* Says not able to file audited financial statements for fy 2016, within the timeframe required by the nigerian stock exchange
* Says optimistic that the waiver will be obtained and the financial statement will be filed the soonest Source: bit.ly/2nDAJAj Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Retired general Oscar Naranjo, former head of the National Police of Colombia, takes part in a news conference in Mexico City, Mexico, June 14, 2012. Picture taken June 14, 2012. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
BOGOTA Colombia's Congress backed the appointment of retired General Oscar Naranjo as vice president, replacing German Vargas Lleras who stood down to qualify for a run at the presidency next year.
President Juan Manuel Santos nominated the former national police chief and peace negotiator to focus on security in the Andean nation.
Naranjo was approved with a total of 168 votes in their favour in the lower house and Senate, while 21 lawmakers cast null or blank votes.
Santos, whose second four-year term ends next year and who is barred from running again, was defence minister when Naranjo, 60, took the post as police chief in 2007.
Naranjo was part of the government's negotiating team in Havana that worked for four years to clinch a peace agreement with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, rebels.
The accord reached late last year has ended the 52-year war, and guerrillas are currently living in demobilization camps, where they will hand in their weapons.
As police chief until 2012 Naranjo spearheaded a push against drug trafficking and organised crime.
(Reporting by Helen Murphy; editing by Grant McCool)
(Adds current account deficit, exchange rate)
NAIROBI May 3 Kenya's central bank held $8.309 billion in foreign exchange reserves at the end of last week, a record high for a weekly close, the central bank data showed.
The bank said in its weekly bulletin, seen by Reuters on Wednesday, that the reserves were enough to cover about five-and-half months worth of imports.
There was no immediate explanation for the high reserves, which are legally required to be at a minimum of four months worth of imports.
The bank has struggled to build up reserves in the past, due to low exports that are far outstripped by imports of items like petrol.
But the situation has been improving in recent years. The current account deficit narrowed 11.9 percent last year to 5.2 percent of GDP, the statistics office said earlier this month.
The overall balance of payments swung to a small surplus last year from a deficit in the previous year.
The East African nation, which goes to the polls in August, also has a stand-by credit with the IMF of $1.5 billion, which it can tap in case of unforeseen shocks.
The shilling has been broadly stable this year, trading at 102.50-103.90 shillings per dollar, Reuters data showed. (Reporting by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
Feb 2(Reuters) - Jiangsu Changjiang Electronics Technology Co Ltd
* Says it cuts share issue size to raise up to 4.35 billion yuan in share private placement
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/YC6Q9a
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Samsung SDS Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 2,000 won/share to shareholders of record on Dec. 31, 2017
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/sgHZxU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
As the internet of things (IoT) continues to expand with devices and new use cases, HPE is working to make it easier for customers to manage their growing IoT device inventories through the introduction of its HPE Edgeline Services Platform and two related apps.
Unveiled by HPE at its Discover 2017 conference in Las Vegas on June 6, the Edgeline Services Platform, the Edgeline Data Aggregation App and the Edgeline Address Translation App are all aimed at allowing customers to more easily bring together their IT systems and their Operational Technology (OT) functions, such as data capture systems and industrial networks.
The company launched its Edgeline Converged Edge systems a year ago, which brought together IT and OT in combined systems from one vendor with smaller footprints and promising simpler management and deployment, lower energy consumption and increased reliability. The new Edgeline Services Platform and the two new apps, which HPE is calling Software Defined OT, are intended to help customers built on that momentum, giving them more opportunities to find additional value from their investments and their rich stores of corporate data.
By combining traditional IT data with new sources of OT data, such as information from control systems, direct wired data acquisition systems and industrial networks being used as part of the IoT, businesses will be able to optimize operations using the latest HPE offerings.
The new HPE Edgeline Services Platform will run IoT applications and services for customers outside traditional data centers or the cloud, instead allowing customers to operate IoT functions where the equipment is located, such as in factories, refineries, on moving vehicles or spread throughout a city, according to HPE.
The HPE Edgeline Data Aggregation App and the HPE Edgeline Address Translation App will help deepen those capabilities. The Data Aggregation App is an OT app which ingests and combines data from a wide range of existing or new OT devices such as Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs) and Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems, aggregating them into a single data collection. The Address Translation App, meanwhile, gathers network addresses translations from a larger network, such as inside a factory, and delivers them to one or more subset networks, such as a specific manufacturing line inside a factory. The Address Translation App uses software defined configuration to control its activities, allowing customers to manage and run it remotely, according to HPE.
Mike Krell, a senior IoT analyst with research firm Moor Insights & Strategy, told ITPro that HPE's Software Defined OT and Edgeline Converged systems approaches are being offered to customers amid a crowded field of competition from other vendors, each of which is touting its ideas to solve customer technology problems.
"The biggest issue for customers trying to develop IoT solutions today is that it's like taking a crash course in a foreign language," said Krell. "There are so many new technologies and variables that making the right call is very difficult – especially when you don't speak the language."
To battle those customer concerns, HPE is "taking the approach of providing a full solution to the problem from a single trusted vendor – relieving OT customers from having to get familiar with a number of new vendors and technologies," said Krell. "And that's of great value."
Thanks to Tara for the following WWE NXT live event results from Friday's show in Coral Gables, Florida:
* The Street Profits defeated Riddick Moss and Tino Sabbatelli
* Ruby Riot defeated Sonya Deville
* Lars Sullivan defeated Oney Lorcan
* No Way Jose picked up a win
* Heavy Machinery defeated Wesley Blake and Steve Cutler. The Undisputed Era attacked after the match and issued a warning for the main event
* Roderick Strong defeated The Velveteen Dream
* Ember Moon defeated Mandy Rose
* NXT Champion Drew McIntyre, Kassius Ohno and Johnny Gargano defeated Adam Cole, Kyle O'Reilly and Bobby Fish. After the match, The Undisputed Era went to leave but Heavy Machinery met them at the exit and fought them back to the ring for another beatdown
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Workmen are seen in the foundry at the Areva Creusot Forge site in Le Creusot, France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
PARIS, April 3 French factory activity picked up in March as manufacturers saw new orders grow at the fastest pace in nearly six years, a survey showed on Monday.
Data compiler IHS Markit said the final reading of the purchasing managers' index rose to 53.3 from 52.2 in February. That took the index further beyond the 50-point line dividing expansions in activity from contractions, though it was slightly lower than the preliminary reading of 53.4.
"New order growth was the driving force behind the increase, with further evidence that the weak euro had boosted client demand," IHS Markit economist Alex Gill.
"Meanwhile, firms remained strongly confident that output will rise over the next 12 months."
New orders grew for the sixth month in a row, expanding at the strongest rate since May 2011, with Markit reporting anecdotal evidence of the automotive sector seeing particularly strong demand.
Exporters surveyed by Markit reported seeing improved demand from the United States and Asia in particular.
- Detailed PMI data are only available under licence from
Markit and customers need to apply to Markit for a licence.
To subscribe to the full data, click on the link below: www.markit.com/Contact-Us
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Comcast Corp:
* COMCAST CORP FILES FOR OFFERING OF UP TO $800 MILLION OF 4.250% NOTES DUE 2053 - SEC FILING
* COMCAST CORP SAYS NOTES WILL BE ISSUED IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF $100,000 AND MULTIPLES OF $1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF Source text : bit.ly/2GJljR8 Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
* Public sector issuers capitalise on hot market
* EFSF, Spain print jumbo euro trades
* ADB, Quebec break records
By Matt Painvin
LONDON, April 28 (IFR) - The SSA market sprang into action this week through a series of jumbo transactions as some of the biggest names took advantage of a favourable outcome of the first round of France's presidential election.
EFSF, Spain and Quebec led the charge in the euro market, raising a combined €15.5bn, while the US dollar market was also resurgent, with EBRD, ADB and the Manitoba printing deals.
Centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron's emergence as clear front-runner for the second round of France's election triggered a sharp tightening of credit spreads, prompting opportunistic borrowers to jump into the market after a couple of weeks of dampened primary activity.
The spread between 10-year OATs and Bunds narrowed by 20bp on Monday, although relief was not just confined to French yields, with BTPs also tightening against Germany by a similar amount.
"A big risk has been eliminated for the market," said Philippe Ithurbide, global head of research, strategy and analysis at Amundi Asset Management, referring to polls showing that Macron will beat far-right leader Marine Le Pen in next month's second round.
"The tightening of BTPs shows that the whole eurozone was at stake in the first round," they added.
EFSF LEADS THE PACK
The first issuer out of the blocks was the European Financial Stability Facility, which is often seen as a proxy for the eurozone, and France in particular.
The rescue fund hit screens on Tuesday with an €8bn dual-tranche offering, split between a new €6bn 10-year note and a €2bn tap of its February 2043s. It was the fund's biggest transaction in more than three years.
"The outcome of the French election was one of the more positive scenarios for the market and enabled us to go out with a more aggressive trade," said Siegfried Ruhl, head of funding at EFSF.
The deal attracted over €21.6bn of bids, highlighting the strength of demand for European credits. Asia accounted for 16% of the take-up of the 10-year, while UK and Switzerland-based investors took 27%.
"The demand from outside the euro area is very positive and shows there is a lot of confidence on the investor side regarding the future of the euro area," said Ruhl.
"The number of orders was at the high end of what we usually have." For the tap, 30% went to non-euro area investors.
The level of demand was in stark contrast to that of its deals earlier in the year. In February, a €5bn dual-tranche offering got a combined book of just €6.8bn. That deal came amid an uncertain backdrop. A €1.5bn 26-year trade a few weeks before was an even damper squib.
With its latest offering, EFSF has already completed its €13bn funding programme for the second quarter. The fund now has the option to pre-fund some of its needs for the rest of the year.
"We have to sit down and look at our funding plan to decide what we are going to do now that we have fulfilled our quarterly programme," said Ruhl. "Subject to market conditions, we may bring forward some of our future funding needs in the remaining two months, and will inform markets in due course."
SPAIN REVIVES LINKERS
EFSF's success opened the door for other issuers and Spain quickly followed on Wednesday with a €5bn 10-year inflation-linked bond.
"The timing was not directly linked to French elections but the overall tone was very strong," said PJ Bye, head of public sector syndicate at HSBC, and lead on the Spanish deal.
"The market needed and expected a new on-the-run 10-year, the last one being launched in 2014.”
Books closed at over €16.5bn, including €3.35bn of joint lead manager interest.
"The order book was very impressive, both in size and composition, with 163 accounts participating," said Bye. "The size was the maximum Spain wanted to issue and hit the right balance."
For the Baa2/BBB+/BBB+/AL rated sovereign, the positive risk environment was reinforced by the strong demand for inflation-linked assets, even with the ECB still concerned by the lack of underlying inflation.
"The prospect of higher inflation is supportive for linkers," said Bye. "But the activity is not dependent on the ECB reaching its inflation target."
It was not just the European big guns in the euro market this week. The Province of Quebec printed its largest deal in the currency with a €2.25bn 10-year bond on Wednesday.
One of the consequences of the rally in French credits was to increase the relative value of other issuers.
"The French rally is very positive for SSA, as some names are back over OATs and look more attractive for investors," said Bye.
Quebec (Aa2/A+/AA-) was one, pricing its deal at mid-swaps plus 14bp, or 7bp over OATs. French investors took 22.5% of the transaction.
Despite the amounts raised this week, bankers say there is a huge imbalance between demand and supply.
"There is not enough supply. This week, net cashflow in the eurozone was negative €25bn - and that is before the PSPP," said Bye. "The question is: what else can you buy? Secondary paper is rich." (Reporting by Matt Painvin, editing by Sudip Roy and Philip Wright)
April 3 TherapeuticsMD Inc
* TherapeuticsMD presents positive phase 3 data in two presentations for TX-001HR at ENDO 2017
* TherapeuticsMD Inc - Results of replenish trial show positive safety and efficacy of TX-001HR
* TherapeuticsMD - Trial achieved statistically significant, clinically meaningful reduction in both frequency and severity of hot flashes compared to placebo Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ARKHANGELSK, Russia, March 30 Russia's president Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that protesters in Russia should not violate the law and use fight against corruption in political campaigns.
Putin said they were also against corruption. (Reporting by Oksana Kobzeva; writing by Maria Tsvetkova; editing by Vladimir Soldatkin)
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
In just the first week, 2,487 youths signed up to participate in the Santa Barbara Public Library System's summer reading programs. The Dig Into Reading program for children and Groundbreaking Reads for teens encourages young readers to visit the library, read books and earn prizes for their progress.
The program continues until July 31 at all library branches.
It's not too late to sign up. Participants get a special reading log to record their books and receive a prize when milestones are reached. Reading over the summer helps children keep up their skills and prevent “summer reading loss,” and helps foster a lifelong habit and love of reading.
Each week during the program a different entertainer performs at all library branches to attract families and keep children returning to the library for books to read. Additional events over the summer, such as a Stuffed Animal Sleepover, a Pajama Party, and special art activities in collaboration with the Museum of Art are funded by a grant from the Institute for Museum and Library Services. The grant supports the Sibling Project, with outreach to encourage children to read with a brother or sister or another family member.
The summer reading programs and all library events are free and open to the public. Early arrival for special events is encouraged as space is limited.
For more information about library programs and events, click here to visit the Santa Barbara Public Library System online.
— Gwen Wagy is a senior Youth Services librarian for the Santa Barbara Public Library System.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
VIENNA, March 30 The European Central Bank (ECB) has largely set its policy course for this year and there is no need to change it unless a pickup in the euro zone's economy proves to be lasting, policymaker Ewald Nowotny said on Thursday.
Asked if markets had correctly interpreted the ECB's latest guidance, Nowotny told a news conference: "The strategy for 2017 has largely been set and from my point of view there is no reason to depart from this."
The central bank should act with a steady hand based on economic fundamentals that should be examined closely for their sustainability, said Nowotny, who heads the Austrian central bank and sits on the ECB's Governing Council. (Reporting by Francois Murphy; editing by John Stonestreet)
Dr. Krishna Komanduri is a cancer immunologist at Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, part of UHealth, the University of Miami Health System. To make an appointment, call 305-243-1000. For more about CAR-T Cell Therapy, click here to visit the University of Miami's health news blog.
RAIMUNDO'S STORY
Raimundo Pita believes in lucky breaks. Following their diagnosis of non-Hodgkins lymphoma in 2014, they underwent multiple rounds of chemotherapy that had little effect on their cancer. Then, they received a call from doctors at Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center who were participating in a clinical trial to test a new type of immunotherapy for patients like Raimundo.
“Thank God they called me,” they said. The trial was for CAR-T Cell Therapy, a type of immunotherapy that uses a patient's own immune system to fight cancer. In January, the Federal Drug Administration (FDA) approved two forms of CAR-T therapy for the treatment of advanced blood cancers in adults.
“When Raimundo first came to us we didn't have lines of therapy that were expected to lead to a lasting remission,” says Dr. Krishna Komanduri, Director of Adult Stem Cell Transplant and Cellular Therapy Program at Sylvester. “Now he's doing very well with a treatment that didn't exist not long ago.”
For many patients whose cancer has not responded to traditional chemotherapy, CAR-T therapy is providing remarkable results. Two weeks after the completion of treatment, Raimundo's cancer was undetectable.
To administer the therapy, a patient's white blood cells are collected and sent to a manufacturer who modifies the cells with the CAR-T therapy. A new receptor allows the cell to recognize and attack cancer cells, says Dr. Komanduri. The enhanced cells are frozen when they arrive at Sylvester. The cells are thawed in the clinic and infused into the patient at the bedside.
Only five to ten percent of blood cancer patients who fail their first line of therapy see their cancer go away completely. But with CAR-T therapy, the odds improve dramatically. Currently, cancer becomes completely undetectable in 55 percent of patients who receive CAR-T therapy.
“I've been a cancer immunologist for 20 years and for decades I've hoped for these results,” says Dr. Komanduri. “It's a dream for many of us compared to what we expected just a few years ago.”
Raimundo remains cancer free two years following treatment. They have returned to life as a father and grandfather with hope for the future knowing they contributed to a study that saved their lives, and changed medicine forever.
“We see the excitement and gratitude in our patients,” says Dr. Komanduri. “We are equally grateful.”
FOCUSING ON YOU
Focusing on You: Innovations in Modern Medicine is a series of healthcare-related stories airing regularly on CBS-4. For more stories like this one, visit YouTube channels for UHealth, the University of Miami Health System.
Above content provided by UHealth, the University of Miami Health System and Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center
BRASILIA Brazilian and U.S. officials are in talks about a White House visit by President Michel Temer to discuss bilateral trade and investment issues, two sources in Temer's office said on Wednesday.
U.S. President Donald Trump invited Temer for a visit during a March 18 phone call, when the two leaders discussed deepening commercial and business ties between the Western Hemisphere's largest economies, the sources said.
Trump's promises to defend U.S. companies from foreign competition have worried Washington's partners in much of Latin America, especially Mexico which is under pressure to rework a free-trade deal with its northern neighbour.
But the centre-right Temer government hopes to see business opportunities opening up with the United States as it struggles to rescue the Brazilian economy from a two-year recession.
Industries in Brazil, whose biggest trading partner is China, are benefiting from a weaker real currency. They could potentially increase their U.S. market share, if Trump advances on their threats overhaul or pull out of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada.
"We are not a threat to the United States and there are plenty of investment opportunities in both countries," one of the sources, a senior government official, said.
The sources asked not to be identified because they had not been authorized to speak about Temer's possible White House visit publicly. No date for the visit has been set, they said.
Temer's press office declined to comment.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Tom Brown)
March 31 CATENA MEDIA PLC:
* CATENA MEDIA SECURES LONG TERM COOPERATION WITH SBAT FOUNDER GARY GILLIS
* CATENA MEDIA AND GARY GILLIS HAVE MUTUALLY AGREED TO AMEND TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THEIR PREVIOUS AGREEMENT TO PROVIDE BEST LONG TERM VALUE FOR BOTH PARTIES
* FORMER EARN-OUT AGREEMENT WILL BE REPLACED BY AN IMMEDIATE PAYMENT OF EUR 3,254,000 WHERE EUR 2,000,000 TO BE INVESTED IN CATENA MEDIA SHARES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — Amish men lead muscular horses across a concrete threshold, their straw hats only as high as the beasts' shoulders, the clip-clop of huge hooves echoing loudly.
Nearby, a black stallion glistens as a boy in suspenders washes it with a garden hose. An auctioneer holds court in a sea of bridles, bits and buckets. Bay doors open and snow blows in as harness horses clamber into holding stalls.
At the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex, at the nation's first major horse auction of the year, the activity bustles along like a well-oiled buggy.
Amish from all over the country come here to buy and sell their massive draft horses and magnificent harness horses. It also draws non-Amish horse fans, lured by the "Cadillac" quality of the animals, and vendors of everything from saddles to buggies to custom-made harnesses.
Advertisement
The public auction was held this year Jan. 16 and 17. It's actually three sales rolled into one, offering draft horses for use in the fields, harness horses and a separate Morgan horse sale.
The first day is all about presentation, with sellers hitching up their animals and taking them for a spin around the dirt-floored arena. It gives potential buyers a sense of how the horse moves and its demeanor as the announcer describes its family heritage.
About 85 percent of the buyers and sellers are Amish, said Dale Stoltzfus, an organizer of the sale.
On the first day, potential buyers in traditional straw hats chatted in Pennsylvania Dutch as they took notes in the 200-page guide that listed horses. Buyers could sleep on it and come back for the auction the next day ready to bid.
About 500 horses were up for sale this year, Stoltzfus said, and the crowd was estimated at about 10,000 people. On one side of the complex was a live auction of farm and horse equipment; in the center were vendor stalls selling everything an Amish farmer could need: wagons and buggies; barn construction; blacksmithing and horseshoeing services; handcrafted harnesses, saddles, bits and blankets; and whoopie pies, cream-filled doughnuts, milkshakes and soft pretzels.
Included in the audience at the draft horse presentation was Shelley Thorne-Le Blanc, the co-owner of Butternut Ridge Belgians in New Brunswick, Canada.
They drove over 13 hours to Harrisburg with a group of Canadians who show Belgians at fairs around Canada and in the U.S.
"It's worth the drive for us," they say. "The quality of horses is good."
They were filming horses that sparked their interest and said they would compare their thoughts with their husband's later that night.
"We look for the diamonds in the rough," they said "We don't mind something that takes a little bit of work. We enjoy the challenge of getting a horse going."
There was a lot of audience excitement about No. 95, named Eastview Thunder, but in the end the horse was a no-sale because the bids were too low and the owner refused.
The highest price paid at the sale was for a draft horse by the name of Watersedge Flash Impressive, which sold for $25,000 to a family in Maine, Stoltzfus said. They'll use them as a show horse, rather than plowing fields or pulling farm equipment.
Stolzfus said they have learned you can never predict which horses will bring the big money.
"It's the whims of the buyers that determine what happens," they said.
Shannon Crabb, co-owner of Maple Creek Belgians, in Ottawa, Ontario, agreed.
"It only takes two people to fall in love with the same horse to make the price go up," they said.
Olli Rehn, Tibor Navracsics, Szabolcs Horvath, Pertti Alaja and Eija Alaja attend the 41st Ordinary UEFA Congress at the Fair Centre Messukeskus in Helsinki, Finland April 5, 2017. Lehtikuva/Markku Ulander/via REUTERS
FIFA president Gianni Infantino speaks during the 41st Ordinary UEFA Congress at the Fair Centre Messukeskus in Helsinki, Finland April 5, 2017. Lehtikuva/Markku Ulander/via REUTERS
UEFA President Aleksander Ceferin speaks during the 41st Ordinary UEFA Congress at the Fair Centre Messukeskus in Helsinki, Finland April 5, 2017. Lehtikuva/Markku Ulander/via REUTERS
HELSINKI European soccer governing body UEFA approved term limits for its top officials, including its president, on Wednesday and agreed that venues for club competition finals should be chosen by a "transparent" process.
Under the changes, the UEFA president and members of the executive committee will be able to serve a maximum of three four-year terms. Previously, there was no limit on how long they could hold office.
UEFA's 55 member association unanimously voted for the change at their annual Congress in Helsinki.
They also agreed that officials could only be elected to the executive committee if they held an "active office" with their country's Football Association.
UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin said this would ensure that "they are not out of touch with reality but tuned into what is happening on the ground."
A third change is that venues for the Champions League and Europa League finals will be selected through what Ceferin described as a "fully objective manner through a transparent bidding procedure".
Ceferin added: "Surprising at it may seem, it was not always the case in the past."
The changes will be written into the UEFA statutes and will come into effect on July 1.
Football confederations have been under pressure to improve governance and transparency after global soccer body FIFA became embroiled in a graft scandal two years ago.
Several dozen officials were indicted in the United States while former FIFA president Sepp Blatter and former UEFA president Michel Platini were among those banned by FIFA's own ethics committee.
(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by John O'Brien)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
DUBAI Sinapore's Changi Airport Group [CHAP.UL] has been awarded the contract to operate the King Abdulaziz International Airport in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia for up to 20 years, the kingdom's aviation authority said on Sunday.
A statement from the General Authority of Civil Aviation (GACA) announcing the award did not provide any further details apart from saying the selection was made after a thorough evaluation of bids.
(Reporting by Marwa Rashad in Riyadh; Writing by Alexander Cornwell, Reem Shamseddine; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
May 2 Hotel operator Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc reported a 25.2 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Tuesday, as more people booked its rooms at higher prices.
Net income attributable to Hilton stockholders was $74 million, or 22 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March. 31. The company reported net income of $309 million, or 94 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company earned 38 cents per share in the first quarter.
Revenue rose to $2.16 billion from $1.73 billion. (Reporting by Radhika Rukmangadhan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
April 3 Huizhou Speed Wireless Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it received patent for a kind of 4G antenna on March 1 with patent number of ZL201621075246.6
* It received patent for a new kind of slot antenna on March 8 with patent number of ZL201621065629.5
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/tgvi0a
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Companies are often sold and merged. Sometimes employees are transfered within two same companies. As a result, employees have reassigned locations that are part of different domains. when this happens, you may also need to migrate AD objects between domains on daily basis.
There are two main type of AD obejcts migration. When you move AD objects between domains in two different forests is called inter forest migration while moving objects between domains in the same forest is called intra forest migration.
In this article, we will focus on intra forest migration and learn how to migrate AD users from child domain (labs.yourdomain.com) to parent domain (yourdomain.com) using Active Directory Migration Tool v3.2. You can migrate users by using ADMT snap-in or command line.
I assume you have downloaded and installed ADMT v3.2 on your target domain controller.
Migrate AD Users by Using ADMT Snap-in
Step 1. In ADMT console on target domain controller, right-click Active Directory Migration tool and then click User Account Migration Wizard
Step 2. Click Next
Step 3. Choose a source, target domain and their domain controllers. Click Next
Step 4. Choose Select users from domain and click Next
Step 5. Click Add to search and enter users you would like to migrate from the source domain. Click OK
Step 6. Click Next
Step 7. Choose the target OU and click OK
Step 8. Click Next
Step 9. Choose Do not migrate source ..... and click Next
Step 10. Choose the all the options shown in following screen shot and click Next
Step 11. Click Finish
Step 12. Click Close
Migrate AD Users Using Command Prompt
Step 1. Open command prompt with elevated privileges on target domain controller
Step 2. Execute the following command with actual parameter values replaced. MSS denotes migrate SIDs, TRP denotes translate roaming profiles and UUR denotes update user rights
ADMT USER / N "" "" / SD : " " / TD : " " / TO : "" / MSS : YES / TRP : YES / UUR : YES
You can verify the existence of users in an OU with the help of active directory user and computer (ADUC) console on target domain controller.
May 3 Uni Select Inc
* Uni-Select reports sales and EBITDA growth as well as network expansion in q1
* Q1 sales rose 12.6 percent to $297.2 million
* Uni-Select Inc - qtrly earnings per share earnings per share $0.26
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.32, revenue view $309.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Uni-Select Inc - C$0.0925 per share quarterly dividend declared, up 8.8% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW, April 3 There was only one blast in St Peterburg's metro system which happened in a train in between two stations, a source in Russia's emergency services said on Monday.
"There was one blast in one site in between (stations) as the train arrived at the Technology Institute station from Sennaya (Ploshchad) station," the source told Reuters.
Russian media reported earlier that there were two blasts. Ten people have been killed in the incident, authorities said. (Reporting by Polina Nikolskaya)
PARIS Briton Mark Cavendish has been ruled out of Sunday's Paris-Roubaix one-day race with an ankle injury, their Dimension Data team said on Wednesday.
"Mark Cavendish will not take the start at today's Scheldeprijs or at the weekend's Paris-Roubaix due to an overuse injury," Dimension Data said in a statement.
"Cavendish, who last competed at the Milano-San Remo (classic), has been hampered by pain felt in their right ankle. The discomfort was first felt on the penultimate stage of Tirreno-Adriatico in March and has hindered our sprint ace since."
Former world champion Cavendish finished Paris-Roubaix, the biggest classic in the calendar featuring several tough cobbled sections, only once, taking 30th place last year.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
** As the S&P 500 now chops in a range, important to study action in its top 5 stocks by market cap for potential clues as to the next major move
** Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon.com and Facebook are a combined $2.7 trillion in market cap, more than 10 pct of the S&P 500's total market value
** Indeed, the titans have large impact on market indices; AAPL alone responsible for 22 pct of DJI YTD gain
** And although, Nasdaq advance/decline line most recent peak on Feb 21, and DJI and SPX tops on Mar 1, Nasdaq indices continued to advance, hitting highs on Mar 21
** Mar 21 the high of titan's composite ($2086.87) just shy of resistance line from late 2015. Chart: reut.rs/2njAAwM
** Composite then pulled back, stabilizing at $1999.54 just ahead of support at Oct 2016 high ($1994.81); now back up
** That said, just another 0.5-2.0 pct before composite will reach resistance, and this daily RSI divergence; similar bearish pattern developed into Dec 2015 and Oct 2016 tops
** Another retreat to test rising 200-DMA (now $1888.46) could suggest a drop of perhaps 5-7 pct, depending on its speed; fits with downside risks seen on SPX
** Composite closing above resistance line, however, can suggest breakout; potential for another 3-5 pct beyond line before composite 200-DMA disparity would reach its 2016 high
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury Department said in a report submitted to Congress this week that expanding sanctions on Russia to include new sovereign debt would have “negative spillover effects” on global financial markets and businesses.
Given Russia's large economy and deep connections to world markets, widening debt-related sanctions could hurt “both the Russian Federation and U.S. investors and businesses,” said the report, submitted to Congress on Monday and obtained by Reuters on Friday.
Russian government bonds, known as OFZs, rallied on the news of Treasury's position. Investors in OFZ bonds, popular for their lucrative yields, have been on alert about new sanctions recently and have bought Russian debt for fear of losing access to it in the future.
While Treasury's memo does not make any recommendation for or against future sanctions, the congressionally mandated report repeatedly cites the risk that expanded measures could harm U.S. investors.
The memo, which was first reported by Bloomberg, said that strengthening sanctions on sovereign debt could put downward pressure on Russian economic growth, increase the strain on the banking sector and “lead to Russian retaliation against U.S. interests” and could affect the “competitiveness of large U.S. asset managers.”
The United States imposed sanctions on Russia to punish Moscow over its 2014 annexation of Crimea. The sanctions targeted some of the most important sectors of the Russian economy by limiting U.S. financing available to some of Russia's most powerful energy enterprises and banks.
For example, last year Washington toughened restrictions on energy giants like Gazprom and Lukoil, prohibiting U.S. banks from issuing them new debt with longer than 60-day maturity.
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin told lawmakers at a hearing on Tuesday that new sanctions would eventually be imposed on Russia in response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. election.
A Treasury spokesperson said in an emailed reply to questions that while expanding the debt sanctions even more would hurt Russia, it could also “hinder U.S. business in both the financial sector and real economy and potentially disrupt global markets.”
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Tuesday published a list of 210 Russians, including 96 so-called oligarchs worth $1 billion or more, as required under a sanctions law passed by Congress.
It did not, however, immediately impose any new penalties on them, drawing criticism from senior Democrats in Congress, who accused Trump of being soft on Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Soccer
Junior forward Ahinga Selemani scored early, but despite dominating the scoring chances and outshooting the opposition, UC Santa Barbara could not push across another goal and thus settled for a 1-1 draw with Sacramento State in Wednesday night's Big West North soccer battle at Harder Stadium.
The tie moved UCSB's record to 7-5-2 on the season while the blue-and-gold remained unbeaten with a 3-0-2 mark in conference play. The Hornets, who scored on their only shot on goal in the game and were outshot 16-5, saw their record go to 6-5-2, 2-2-1.
Selemani finished off a deflected through ball from strike partner Nick DePuy to put UCSB up in the 6th minute, but that lead was relatively short-lived, as Sac State's Alex Bettencourt evened it up in the 27th with their fifth goal of the year.
Earning a free kick on the right side about 20 yards from goal, Bettencourt took an innocuous looking shot on frame. The low drive somehow evaded the four defenders in the wall, and a screened UCSB goalie Titouan Le Roux.
With the score level, it was the Gauchos who consistently pushed down on the gas pedal, especially in a fast and furious second half. Unfortunately for UCSB, nobody could apply the finishing touch.
Freshman attacker Noah Billingsley had a trio of dangerous scoring opportunities in the second stanza. None was more dangerous than their left-footed shot from 25 yards out in the 61st minute which clanged off the crossbar and out. The New Zealand native also had two close-range efforts stopped by Hornets keeper James Del Curto, who was clearly the Man of the Match for the away side.
UCSB seemed to be the only team even attempting to go for goal in overtime, notching three shots to Sacramento's zero, with DePuy getting the two best chances for the Gauchos.
In the first overtime period, DePuy got their foot on a hard cross from senior midfielder Andy Perez, but there was too much sauce on the pass. Then in the 103rd minute, DePuy out-muscled their marker to get their head on a Dalton Pando cross, but Del Curto was able to get a finger on it and push it just wide of the far post.
The counter-attacking Hornets, who forced a total of zero saves from Le Roux, had few scoring chances throughout the game. Besides their goal, Sac State's best look came in the 71st minute when Bettencourt looked to have a brace, but their run was deemed to be offside.
DePuy was the catalyst for UCSB's lone tally, putting in a hard tackle to force a turnover in the Hornets defensive third before advancing on goal. With Billingsley running to their left and Selemani to their right, DePuy tried to lay a through ball down to the former, but the ball was picked off and deflected by a Sac St. center back. Fortunately for UCSB, the carom went right into the path of Selemani who roofed it with their left foot for their fifth goal of the campaign, tying DePuy for second-most on the team.
Next up, the Gauchos travel north on Saturday night to take on Blue-Green rival Cal Poly in a crucial Big West matchup at Spanos Stadium.
March 29 Deutsche Beteiligungs AG:
* Will invest in two radiology practices in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, and will merge them into a group
* Parties to the contract agreed not to disclose the purchase price
* Purchase contract is expected to be completed by mid-year Source text - bit.ly/2mOI3bR Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bioleaders Corp :
* Says it will issue 3rd series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds, to raise 30 billion won in proceeds for operations and investment
* Maturity date is March 21, 2021, coupon rate is 0 percent and yield to maturity is 2 percent for the bonds
* Conversion price is 12,360 won/share and conversion ratio is 100 percent
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/3X6a3E
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Hong Kong stocks fall as rates rise, Shanghai slips on nagging China slowdown fears
SHANGHAI, June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. rate hike overnight, while shares in China slid on persistent fears that economic growth will soon start to cool.
International Monetary Fund (IMF) Managing Director Christine Lagarde holds a speech to present the report ''Making Trade an Engine of Growth for All: The Case for Trade and For Policies to Facilitate Adjustment'' in Berlin, Germany, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BRUSSELS Global economic recovery is gaining momentum but could be cut off by a "sword of protectionism" now threatening global trade, International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde said on Wednesday.
Lagarde, speaking ahead of next week's IMF and World Bank spring meetings in Washington, argued for countries to strengthen the post-war open trade architecture by cooperating multilaterally to solve trade issues such as reducing excessive external imbalances.
Them prepared remarks did not specifically mention U.S. President Donald Trump's "America First" trade agenda that aims to restrict imports into the United States.
But they said restricting trade would be a "self-inflicted wound" that would disrupt supply chains and raise prices for components and consumer goods, hitting the poor hardest.
For the first time in years, they said the global economy "has a spring in its step" as the Fund prepares to release new growth estimates on April 18
"The good news is that, after six years of disappointing growth, the world economy is gaining momentum as a cyclical recovery holds out the promise of more jobs, higher incomes and greater prosperity going forward."
The prospects are better for advanced economies, where manufacturing activity is stronger, as well as for emerging and developing economies, which will contribute more than three quarters of global GDP growth this year, they said. Higher oil and commodity prices have aided many commodity exporters, but their revenues will stay well below the boom years, they added.
"At the same time, there are clear downside risks: political uncertainty, including in Europe, the sword of protectionism hanging over global trade, and tighter global financial conditions that could trigger disruptive capital outflows from emerging and developing economies," Lagarde said.
They reiterated their call for countries to use fiscal and monetary policy to boost demand and structural reforms to make economies more efficient.
They also voiced concern about lagging productivity growth and called for more investments in research. They said trade promotes efficiency and innovation, citing forthcoming IMF research that estimates that China's integration into the global trading system accounted for as much as 10 percent of advanced economies' overall productivity gains between the mid-1990s and the mid-2000s.
Governments also need to find better ways to aid workers who are displaced by technology and trade flows, Lagarde said.
"There is no magic formula. But we do know that greater emphasis on retraining and vocational training, job search assistance, and relocation support can help those affected by labor market dislocations," Lagarde said.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio and David Lawder; Editing by Sam Holmes)
* Oil supplies remain plentiful despite OPEC-led cut
* Measuring stored oil globally is notoriously difficult
* But there are signs supplies are being sold out of storage
* Oil supplies and crude price curve: tmsnrt.rs/2pElIP6
By Henning Gloystein and Libby George
SINGAPORE/LONDON, April 21 The jury is still out over whether an OPEC-led production cut aimed at tightening oil markets is working, or if the producer club has simply enabled higher prices without making much of a dent in the global fuel supply overhang.
Analysts say there are early indications that at least some inventories, key in gauging the health of the market, are starting to draw down.
However, inventory levels are hard to judge outside of the United States, as many countries do not release specific figures. Oil shipments show an ongoing excess, while price activity in oil futures suggests sagging optimism the imbalance is being corrected.
Over two years into a 50 percent price slump, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and some other producers, including Russia, pledged to cut production by almost 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) during the first half of the year.
But more oil than ever is currently traversing the world's oceans. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows global crude shipments, which monitor tanker movements but exclude pipeline flows, hit a record 47.8 million bpd in April, up 5.8 percent since December, before cuts were implemented.
This is in part due to a jump in production and exports from producers who did not agree to cut, especially the United States.
"OPEC seems more like a magician who is keeping the audience's attention fixed firmly on their hands (its production policy) while the actual trick takes place elsewhere (non-OPEC supply)," said Carsten Fritsch, oil analyst with Commerzbank.
U.S. production is soaring, jumping by almost 10 percent since mid-2016 to 9.25 million bpd C-OUT-T-EIA. This brings its output close to the world's top two producers, Saudi Arabia and Russia.
Future prices suggest skepticism the market is rebalancing. Early this year the forward curve for Brent crude futures moved from contango, in which future prices are more expensive than those for immediate delivery, to flat or even briefly into backwardation, suggesting a balancing in prompt markets. This has since reversed sharply.
“If they're (OPEC) so busy complying, how come we're taking so much extra inventory? Why is the whole curve in free-fall when supplies are supposedly tightening?” said Robert Yawger, energy futures strategist at Mizuho Americas.
COUNTING BARRELS
To fully determine the state of oversupply, looking at storage levels is key, but it is not easy. U.S. inventories remain bloated C-STK-T-EIA, but outside the United States, it is notoriously difficult to reliably count stored barrels.
There are some signs these harder-to-track inventories are easing. The International Energy Agency (IEA) said crude in less-visible places, such as barrels outside the developed world and those in floating storage, decreased in the first quarter.
But IEA data on the 35 Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) countries paints a more bearish picture. OECD stocks fell by 17.2 million barrels in March, but since the OPEC-led cut started at the beginning of the year, inventories are up by 38.5 million barrels.
"If stocks are still rising strongly, you've still got an oversupplied situation," said Jamie Webster, a fellow at Columbia University's Center on Global Energy Policy.
"It doesn't make sense for OPEC to pat itself on the back for strong compliance. That's what they agreed to, not what the impact is."
Some of the oil sloshing around the world could also have been taken out of OPEC's own storage to meet customer demand despite cuts. Saudi Arabian Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said on Thursday in an interview with the Saudi-owned al-Hayat newspaper that supplies remained elevated in part because traders were selling oil out of tanker storage.
Russia has also been boosting oil exports, despite cuts under the deal.
Millions of barrels of Nigerian oil stored in South Africa's Saldanha Bay have been sold in recent weeks, and more are scheduled to leave in May.
In Asia, the world's fastest growing consumption region, many countries, especially China, treat inventory data as strategically sensitive. But trade flows around Singapore, a key way station for virtually all tankers from Europe and the Middle East to Southeast Asia, are a bellwether.
There has been a noticeable drop in crude storage around Singapore this year, although some cautioned these barrels will be quickly replaced by incoming cargoes from the United States and Latin America.
(Reporting by Henning Gloystein in Singapore, Gary McWilliams and Ernest Scheyder in Houston, Libby George in London and Olga Yagova in Moscow; Writing by Henning Gloystein; Editing by David Gaffen and Chris Reese)
ZURICH, April 20 Nestle sa cfo says expects improvement in pricing to continue over coming quarters, not necessarily each quarter Nestle sa cfo says expects nestle skin health growth to moderate in coming quarters Nestle sa ceo says still expects to see destocking of infant formula products in china throughout the year Nestle sa ceo says confirms mid-term targets (Reporting by)
April 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Ukrainian championship Champions Group matches on Saturday Saturday, April 15 Olimpik Donetsk 0 Shakhtar Donetsk 4 Friday, April 14 Zarya Luhansk 0 Dynamo Kiev 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Shakhtar Donetsk 25 21 3 1 54 17 66 ------------------------- 2 Dynamo Kiev 25 17 4 4 52 24 55 ------------------------- 3 Zarya Luhansk 25 12 5 8 35 24 41 4 Olimpik Donetsk 25 9 8 8 28 38 35 ------------------------- 5 FK Oleksandriya 24 9 7 8 38 32 34 ------------------------- 6 Chernomorets Odessa 24 8 7 9 19 24 31 1: Champions League / EC I 2: Champions League preliminary round 3-4: Europa League preliminary round 5: Europa League depending on domestic cup Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, April 16 Chernomorets Odessa v FK Oleksandriya (1400)
April 3 Cancer Genetics Inc
* Cancer Genetics, Inc. and Mendel.ai announce strategic partnership enabling artificial intelligence in precision medicine to drive personalized treatment and accelerate clinical trial matching for cancer care
* Cancer Genetics - expect that initial partners will be using Mendel.ai system during Q2 of 2017 with wider rollout through Q3 and Q4 of this year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Singapore PM's brother says they fear authorities may stop them from leaving
SINGAPORE, June 15 Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's younger brother said on Thursday they fear the nation's authorities may stop them from leaving the country or take other action against them after they made a series of accusations against Lee.
Rani Mukherji recently throw a fairy-themed birthday bash for their daughter Adira as they turned two.
As guess what! it was too much fun with Shahrukh Khan bringing in AbRam with them and Kareena Kapoor Khan's little munchkin Taimur bonding with Karan Johar's twins Yash and Roohi. Of course, the parents too had their share of fun.
Check out all the inside pictures here...
After their doctor makes a typo in their medical record, Mike Moskowitz almost loses their lives in a most hilarious way.
Moskowitz cove sm
Contact
Lisa Shiroff at Tasfil Publishing
***@lisashiroff.com Lisa Shiroff at Tasfil Publishing
End
--By Joel BreslerOn sale nowAfter their doctor makes a typo in their medical record, Mike Moskowitz almost loses their lives in a most hilarious way.Incomedic author, Joel Bresler, captures the essence of Jewish humor in the personalities of their characters. In the story, Myron Moskowitz—Mike, to the entire world except their mother Celia—goes to the doctor with a bad case of the current bug going around. When their doctor mistakenly types the wrong code into their electronic medical record, Mike finds life, or at least the one he's grown used to, suddenly turned tush-over-teakettle.With that single dodgy digital diagnosis, a chain reaction is set in motion leading Mike to lose their job, accidentally get all trace of themselves wiped off of every computer in the known universe, and seriously contemplate buying a Harley. And Mike isn't exactly what you'd call a motorcycle kind of Moskowitz. Somehow Mike must find a way to get back on the grid and get their old job back, all without their wife finding out about any of it. At least Celia's in their corner, something Mike hopes is a good thing.The author's own concerns over electronic medical records was the inspiration behind the story. "Some things just don't belong on a computer," Bresler says. "All the rest would be better off not being on a computer." Admittedly, Bresler is something of a dinosaur when it comes to technology. In fact, they have been heard to remark that "those computer things" are just a fad, even though recently they were told they should know better by now.However, medical records being accessible with a keystroke is definitely at the top of their icky list. Forget the whole private, intimate relationship with your personal physician thing (that has always been a one-way ticket, anyway). It's more about putting a window where there was once a door. "It's nearly impossible to hack into a manila folder in a locked cabinet," Bresler reminds us. "Or even anfile cabinet. And password-sniffing software might as well pack up and go home for all the good it can do against handwritten notes, especially those written by a doctor."But type those warts and all into a computer, and you're simply inviting mayhem, or at least a very funny tale likeJoel Bresler likes to think of themselves as just your average Jewish kid from Cleveland. Anone, as they are quick to admit, but the description seems to suit him. Currently living in the dessert southwest, they are grateful he's been able to find and surround themselves with others sharing their ethnicity while dodging snakes and cactus spines, and trying to escape the "dry" heat.978-0-9862580-4-6
April 6 CU Bancorp:
* CU Bancorp - merger agreement provides that CUB will be obligated to pay a termination fee of $26.5 million to Pacwest - SEC filing Source text: (bit.ly/2oHd3e8) Further company coverage:
May 2 Accuray Inc
* Prelim data from phase I trial evaluating adjuvant stereotactic partial breast irradiation in early stage breast cancer patients treated with Cyberknife System
* S-PBI provides more convenient treatment option than hypofractionated whole-breast irradiation with no compromise in tolerability or short-term efficacy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
A rare 5 year-old female albino orangutan is seen after it was rescued from captivity by authorities in Kapuas Hulu district, Central Kalimantan province, Indonesia April 29, 2017 in this photo released by the wildlife conservation group Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF) . Picture taken April 29, 2017. BOSF/Indrayana via REUTERS
A rare 5 year-old female albino orangutan is seen after it was rescued from captivity by authorities in Kapuas Hulu district, Central Kalimantan province, Indonesia April 29, 2017 in this photo released by the wildlife conservation group Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF) . Picture taken April 29, 2017. BOSF/Indrayana via REUTERS
JAKARTA Indonesian environmentalists have rescued a rare albino orangutan from captivity on the island of Kalimantan, a conservation charity said on Tuesday.
The five-year-old, pale-haired, blue-eyed female orangutan had been held captive by local residents in Central Kalimantan, where rampant deforestation by smallholders and plantation companies has endangered the lives and habitats of dozens of species.
"A preliminary physical examination conducted by our medical team has determined this is an albino orangutan: their hair, eye, and skin color is paler than normal, and they are also sensitive to light," the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation said on its website. It added there was a good chance the primate could be released back into the wild soon.
Orangutans, considered critically endangered by the World Wildlife Fund, usually have brown or orange hair and dark eyes. They are native to Indonesia and Malaysia.
(Reporting by Darren Whiteside; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
March 31 Navinfo Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 50 pct to 80 pct, or to be 49.7 million yuan to 59.6 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (33.1 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of main business, decreased amortized cost for stock ownership incentive, as well as new wholly owned unit performance are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/0B8g9X
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
* Chip equipment makers soar on higher book-to-bill ratio
* French election results carefully eyed
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, April 20 Japanese stocks rose on Thursday morning as the yen's strong trend paused and the country's strong trade data lifted sentiment, but mining shares underperformed on the back of a steep decline oil prices.
The Nikkei 225 share average rose 0.3 percent to 18,484.46 in midmorning trade.
But gains were limited, and market participants said Japanese stocks are expected to trade in a fixed range throughout the day as mounting tensions between North Korea and the United States, along with political uncertainty in Europe ahead of the French presidential elections, keep investors cautious.
"Even though a technical rebound in the Tokyo market lifts stocks, the basic trend to avoid risks hasn't changed," said Hiroyuki Nakai, chief strategist at Tokai Tokyo Research Center. "There is still so much uncertainty from global events."
On Thursday, confidence was helped somewhat by data showing Japan's exports rose 12.0 percent in March from a year earlier, marking the fourth straight month of gains due to strengthening global demand.
That compared with a 6.7 percent rise expected by economists in a Reuters poll.
Gainers included chipmakers after Semiconductor Equipment Association of Japan said that producers of flat-panel-display equipment posted 55.86 billion yen in orders in March and a book-to-bill ratio of 1.40, up 36.5 percent from the previous month. A book-to-bill ratio of 1.40 means that 140 yen worth of new orders was received for every 100 yen of product billed for the month.
Tokyo Electron Ltd rose 1.4 percent, Advantest Corp jumped 4.5 percent and Disco Corp gained 1.3 percent.
However, mining stocks Inpex Corp and Japan Petroleum Exploration Co both dropped 1.2 percent after oil fell to a two-week low on Wednesday, hit by a surprising build in U.S. gasoline inventories and a rise in U.S. crude output.
The broader Topix gained 0.5 percent to 1,478.86 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 advanced 0.4 percent to 13,230.78. (Editing by Sam Holmes)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
MOSCOW, April 6 Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday said it was unacceptable to make "groundless" accusations over this week's suspected chemical weapons attack in a Syrian province.
The Kremlin said in a statement that Putin had discussed the issue with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a telephone conversation.
The statement said Putin had "highlighted that it was unacceptable to make groundless accusations against anyone without conducting a detailed and unbiased investigation."
Scores were reported killed by a suspected Syrian government chemical attack in Idlib province and the U.S. government has suggested forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad were responsible. Russia has said it was too early to accuse the Syrian government and called for an investigation. (Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin, writing by Sujata Rao)
Source: F4WOnline
GFW will tape all episodes of Impact Wrestling leading up to their Bound For Glory pay-per-view this week in Orlando, FL. There is a good possibility that all main event plans will have to be changed, according to F4WOnline.
As we noted here on WrestlingINC.com GFW announced this morning that Alberto El Patron has been stripped of their World Heavyweight Championship following the conclusion of the internal investigation of the July 2017 incident with Paige at the Orlando International Airport. According to the report, it appears El Patron will not be at television this week, thus triggering an overhaul of main event plans. A decision regarding El Patron had not been made over the weekend.
See Also Paige Possibly Facing Battery Charges And WWE Suspension Following Incident With Alberto El Patron
Anthem Wrestling Exhibitions President Ed Nodholm is the man with the final say regarding the situation with El Patron and even though El Patron was not charged in the airport incident, there have been concerns over their long-term behavior, according to F4WOnline.
El Patron spoke freely about their suspension on an episode of Busted Open with Bully Ray and Dave Lagreca earlier this month. They said the rules need to apply to everyone the same and that they agreed with GFW's decision to suspend them and understood the reason for it.
Alberto claimed a date for their return to GFW had been set, something the company disputed in their statement today. GFW noted, "No decision has been taken as to the date on which they will be reinstated to the roster, the conditions of which are a private matter between the company and El Patron."
GFW's Impact Wrestling tapings will take place beginning Thursday, August 17 with the special Destination X episode through Sunday, August 20. All episodes through October 2017 will be filmed. Bound For Glory will take place on Sunday, November 5, 2017. We'll have complete coverage here at WrestlingINC.com.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
MACKINAC ISLAND, Mich. (AP) — Gov. Rick Snyder and legislative leaders on Wednesday committed up to $50 million to upgrade the Soo Locks, a bid to persuade the federal government to fund the long-sought $1 billion proposal to build a second large lock that allows commercial ships to traverse the Great Lakes.
The money is part of an additional $400 million for infrastructure from a surplus that was included in a state budget deal last week. The Republican governor said they would ask other Great Lakes states to also contribute funds because if the U.S. government ultimately helps pay for the project, the Trump administration has indicated it wants 20 percent to come from non-federal sources and that large-scale projects with such funding would be moved to the top of the priority list.
"Michigan is stepping up now to say, 'We're going to put our money where our mouth is,'" Snyder said at the Detroit Regional Chamber's Mackinac Policy Conference. "It's not time to talk about a lock. It's not time to authorize a lock. It's time to build a lock."
They renewed warnings that a prolonged shutdown of an existing lock, which helps moves iron ore mined in Michigan and Minnesota, would cripple the U.S. economy — especially North American production of automobiles, office furniture, paints, bottles, cans and other goods.
Advertisement
In 1986, Congress authorized construction of a new lock on the site of two smaller locks. But funding, which could total $900 million to $1 billion, has never come through.
In a visit to Michigan in April, President Donald Trump mentioned wanting to "fix" the Soo Locks, which has buoyed those advocating for the project. They said they are "going to hell," and they vowed to call the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers — which operates the locks — though U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan said Wednesday that call has not yet been made. The Army Corps is conducting a new cost-benefit study, which is due to be released by the end of June, after members of the state's congressional delegation faulted a past one for erroneously assuming that iron ore could be transported instead by rail in the event of a lock shutdown.
"I am hopeful that the fact that the president said that ... means they'll be supportive of moving this along as much as we can," Stabenow said.
In advocating for other states to also commit funding, Snyder pointed to an interstate partnership that was announced earlier this year to help cover the costs of operating a system proposed for a Chicago-area waterway that would help keep invasive Asian carp out of the Great Lakes. Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin and the Canadian province of Ontario joined the partnership.
Lt. Gov. Brian Calley, the state's point person on the locks, said the state funding is a "big, game-changing difference." GOP legislative leaders said they had also agreed with Snyder to commit funding toward Asian carp prevention and to protect twin oil pipelines in a sensitive Great Lakes waterway. Details were unavailable.
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert
MOSCOW, April 10 Russian President Vladimir Putin awarded state medals to executives with the Qatari investment fund, Swiss-based commodities trading firm Glencore and Italian bank Intesa Sanpaolo, according to a decree published on Monday.
The Qatar Investment Authority and Glencore bought a 19.5 stake in Russian oil giant Rosneft for more than 10 billion euros in December, and Intesa bank was involved in organising the deal.
The executives were awarded the medals for their "contribution to strengthening cooperation with Russia," according to the text of the decree.
The Rosneft stake sale was the biggest privatisation deal in Russia since the 1990s. But a range of offshore companies was used in the transaction, the full identities of the stake's beneficial owners remain unknown, and the source of 2.2 billion euros in funding for the deal is unclear.
Putin awarded QIA's Abdullah Bin Mohammed Bin Saud Al Thani, Glencore's Ivan Glasenberg and Intesa's Carlo Messina with Orders of Friendship and gave the Order of Honour to Antonio Fallico, the head of Intesa's Russian unit. (Reporting by Maria Tsvetkova; Editing by Christian Lowe)
FRANKFURT/NEW YORK German billionaire Dietmar Hopp is preparing to sell medical skin patch maker LTS Lohmann as part of a shake-up of their investment portfolio, three people close to the matter said.
Hopp's investment firm Dievini has begun approaching potential buyers to gauge their interest in LTS which employs 1,300 staff and generates more than 300 million euros in annual sales from nicotine and other medical patches to treat conditions such as Parkinson's and restless legs syndrome.
The co-founder of software group SAP (SAPG.DE) shared ownership of LTS with Switzerland's Novartis NOVN.VX and German investment firm BWK until 2014 when they bought them out in a deal valuing it at 1.2 billion euros (1.02 billion pounds), after failing to find a third-party buyer for the business.
Dievini was not immediately available for comment.
LTS competes with groups such as Beiersdorf's (BEIG.DE) Tesa Labtec unit, U.S. conglomerate 3M (MMM.N), Luye Pharma Group (2186.HK) and unlisted AMW GmbH, and Hopp is expected to try to whet these groups' appetites, the sources said.
In 2014, German chemicals group Evonik (EVKn.DE) was in exclusive talks to buy LTS, but it pulled out at the eleventh hour after a disagreement on price.
Hopp, one of Germany's largest investors in biotech firms, is seen as unlikely to be able to rekindle interest from Evonik, which has in the meantime focussed more on acquisitions in speciality chemicals.
Private equity groups have started seeking advice from external legal and financial consultants on a possible bid for LTS Lohmann, people close to the matter said.
In 2014, Wendel (MWDP.PA) of France and Sweden's Nordic Capital had bid for LTS. It was not clear whether one of these groups will come back with a new offer, the sources added.
Hopp had at the time hoped to sell LTS Lohmann at a valuation of 15 times its expected earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of about 90 million. LTS earnings figures for 2016 are not available.
(Editing by Maria Sheahan and Alexander Smith)
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
March 28 RenetJapanGroup Inc
* Says it completed the off-floor distribution of shares on March 28
* Says 451,000 shares of its common stock were sold at the price of 1,035 yen per share
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/OD1H0a
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 29 First Credit Finance Group-
* Provision Of Financial Assistance
* Revolving loan agreement was entered into between unit as lender and borrower
* Lender has agreed to grant facility in principal amount of up to hk$35 million to borrower
* Lender is First Credit Limited Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Trimble Inc:
* TRIMBLE ACQUIRES E-BUILDER TO EXPAND ITS CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS
* TRIMBLE INC - ‍E-BUILDER BUSINESS WILL BE REPORTED AS PART OF BUILDINGS AND INFRASTRUCTURE SEGMENT​
* TRIMBLE INC - ALL CASH PURCHASE PRICE OF $500 MILLION FOR DEAL WILL BE FINANCED THROUGH A NEW $300 MILLION CREDIT FACILITY AND CASH
* TRIMBLE INC - EXPECTS ACQUISITION TO BE ACCRETIVE TO 2019 NON-GAAP NET INCOME PER SHARE.
* TRIMBLE INC - TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO BE DILUTIVE TO TRIMBLE‘S Q1 NON-GAAP NET INCOME PER SHARE BY $0.01 PER SHARE
* TRIMBLE INC - TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO BE DILUTIVE TO FULL YEAR 2018 NON-GAAP NET INCOME PER SHARE BY $0.02 TO $0.03 PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Police in Newtownabbey are appealing for information following a burglary yesterday (Tuesday).
It was reported that a number of tools were stolen from the Avondale Drive area.
PSNI Constable Hayley Simpson said: “These items were from the EJC Contracts site. A number of items were taken including two Makita drills and two grinders among a number of smaller items totalling over £6000.
“We are appealing for anyone with information who may have witnessed any suspicious activity in the area or have information about the incident or anyone who may be offered similar items for sale in suspicious circumstances to contact police at Newtownabbey on 101 quoting CC2018070300317.
“Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
CHICAGO, April 20 Wal-Mart Stores Inc Chief Executive Doug McMillon's pay rose 13 percent to $22.4 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday.
The total compensation, which included cash and stock, compared with $19.8 million they made the previous year, according to the filing to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
McMillon, took over the top job at Wal-Mart in February 2014. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; editing by Diane Craft)
BARCELONA, April 2 Sevilla dropped out of the top three in La Liga for the first time since November after being held to a goalless draw at home on Sunday by relegation-fighting Sporting Gijon, dropping points for the fourth consecutive league game.
Jorge Sampaoli's side dominated possession and had 17 attempts on goal but lacked a cutting edge, particularly in the second half when they launched repeated assaults on the visiting area but could not get past the impressive Ivan Cuellar in goal.
The Sporting goalkeeper anticipated every moment of danger brilliantly, frequently scooping up through balls in their area, and made a stunning save by leaping low to the right bottom corner to tip away a shot from Vitolo in a sweeping breakaway.
Sevilla were not helped by their wayward shooting. Vitolo, Vicente Iborra, Steven Nzonzi and Steven Jovetic all missed the target with efforts in the closing stages. For the second home game running the fans inside the Sanchez Pizjuan stadium greeted the final whistle with loud boos.
Sevilla slip down to fourth spot on 58 points, level with Atletico Madrid, who leapfrogged them on goal difference after beating Malaga 2-0 on Saturday. Sevilla have surrendered a nine-point lead over Atletico in the space of four games.
Sporting remain in 18th, five points adrift of safety.
Real Madrid defend their two-point lead over Barcelona at the top of the table later on Sunday when they host Alaves, while champions Barça visit Granada. (Reporting by Richard Martin; editing by Clare Lovell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BERLIN, April 5 A senior ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel pressed Japan on Wednesday to quickly seal a trade deal with the European Union, especially in light of protectionist signals coming from U.S. President Donald Trump.
Volker Kauder, head of Merkel's conservative parliamentary group, said they were encouraged by their talks with Japanese government and opposition officials during a visit to Tokyo.
"Talks about a free trade deal between the EU and Japan must be completed fast. In view of the isolationist policies of U.S. President Trump, the time for hesitation is gone," Kauder said in a statement after their meetings in Japan.
Trump has worried countries like Germany with talk of imposing import taxes. The Group of 20 powers even failed to agree on a commitment to keep global trade free and open at a meeting in Germany last month, due to U.S. opposition.
They added that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and opposition parties also viewed that matter in the same way.
"I have the impression that the Japanese side is now trying to get a quick deal after years with no breakthrough but rather a standstill in the talks," they said, adding Abe had stressed it would send an important signal amid growing protectionism.
They said both sides should try to resolve the outstanding issues, and that meant in Japan, convincing farmers and also warned that China was ready to try to impose its own agenda on free trade if the United States stepped away from that role.
"There is a risk that China will try to push through its ideas about free trade rules. The EU, Germany and Japan should not stand by and watch this happens but make their standards a benchmark for global trade," said Kauder. (Writing by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Alison Williams)
BRIEF-Apple files for notes offering of up to $1.0 billion
* Says notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.000pct per year and will mature on June 20, 2027 Source text: (http://bit.ly/2rsfDae) Further company coverage:
MONTEVIDEO, Feb 1 (Reuters) - Uruguay needs financing of $3.077 billion this year and will help meet that amount through multi-lateral borrowing and issuance of $2.7 billion in bonds, the economy ministry said in its quarterly debt report on Thursday.
The country ended 2017 with a fiscal deficit of $2.0 billion, or about 3.5 percent of gross domestic product.
Proceeds from the bonds due to be issued in 2018 will mostly go toward paying interest on outstanding debt and amortizations, the report said. (Reporting by Malena Castaldi; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Destroyed artifacts lie on the floor as a ladder stands in a hole at a destroyed museum in Mosul, Iraq, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
View of an empty room at a destroyed museum in Mosul, Iraq, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
View of an empty room at a destroyed museum in Mosul, Iraq, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
A destroyed artifact lies on the floor at a destroyed museum in Mosul, Iraq, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
View of an empty room at a destroyed museum in Mosul, Iraq, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
A painting lies on the floor at a destroyed museum in Mosul, Iraq, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
MOSUL, Iraq After they seized Mosul two years ago and destroyed the priceless Mesopotamian artifacts in its museum, Islamic State militants found a practical use for the building - they turned it into a tax office.
The outside world learned of the museum's initial fate from a video Islamic State released months later showing its fighters smashing Assyrian, Akkadian, Babylonian, Persian and Roman artifacts, many of them two millennia old or older.
They wanted to destroy any history that did not agree with their extreme version of Sunni Islam.
Iraqi troops took the museum back last month from the militants, who left its once-famous collection in a sorry state.
Remains of an Assyrian winged bull statue, some carved stone coffins, mosaics and two black blocks with Islamic calligraphy are just about all that's left. Smaller pieces from other items litter the floor.
Government forces are still battling the militants just a few hundred meters (yards) away in the Old City, their last stronghold in Iraq, so the rubble-strewn museum is still out of reach for archaeologists to assess the damage.
Apart from soldiers stationed to guard it, a stray cat nibbling at discarded army rations seems to be the building's only inhabitant. Machine gun fire and mortar rounds rang out from a distance as journalists made their way through the museum.
In a basement room under the main exhibition halls, there was a pile of envelopes used to issue orders to pay Islamic tax, one of main sources of funding for the militants.
"The Islamic State ... seeks to levy your duties which were forced by God on the rich people's money," read a message on the envelope stamped with the group's black-and-white flag.
The "Diwan Zakat", or Islamic tax department, then left a space for names and file numbers to identify the payments.
Next to the tax receipts were green leaflets with Koran quotes, from the same department based in "Nineveh Province", whose capital is Mosul.
SENSE OF ORDER
The video released in 2015 to show militants wielding sledgehammers to smash museum statues they regarded as idolatrous sparked a global outcry.
They also ransacked the ancient palace in the Assyrian city of Nimrud south of Mosul. The group released another video showing its fighters using bulldozers and electric drills to tear down murals and statues there.
In Palmyra in neighbouring Syria, Islamic State dynamited two temples and the city's imposing triumphal arch before it was driven out of the former tourist magnet.
Built in 1952, Mosul museum housed more than 2,000 artifacts but officials have given conflicting accounts of how many were there when the militants overran the city. Some looting had already taken place after the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003.
"The destruction is a catastrophe," said Nabil Noureldin, a former lecturer at Mosul University who fled after Islamic State came and now lives in Turkey. "These are priceless items."
The full extent of the destruction would only become clear when experts can verify the remains against copies of the original items stored at Baghdad's museum, they added.
The militants searched the building methodically for valuables, even breaking up the ground floor in their search for vaults with artifacts inside that they could sell, according to Federal Police officers.
Apart from taxes, oil sales, antiquities smuggling and ransom from kidnappings were also sources of income for Islamic State.
In July 2015, U.S. authorities handed Iraq a hoard of antiquities it said it had seized from Islamic State in Syria.
Excavations under an ancient mosque elsewhere in Mosul, recently discovered after the militants retreated, showed that they had preserved its artifacts for possible smuggling abroad.
In the museum, the militants left behind many trivial items that should have been just as repugnant to their strict Islamist ideology as the priceless statues they destroyed.
There were cards describing main museum artifacts in English and Arabic, postcards from the souvenir shop showing a princess's skull and dusty books about Iraq's contribution to Arab history.
There was also a pamphlet for an "international festival" on April 14, 1994, a time when the late strongman Saddam Hussein still in power and Iraq was cut off from the world under U.N. embargo.
(Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Shares of Barrick Gold (ABX.TO) could rise 30 percent in the next year as the gold-mining company, which began restructuring three years ago, develops new projects and increases production, according to the April 10 edition of Barron's.
Barrick reported fourth quarter profits in February that beat estimates and at the same time, the miner raised its production outlook and its dividend, the financial newspaper said.
The Toronto-based company is expected to focus on development projects in Nevada and Lagunas Nortes in Peru, and improving free cash flow will help it reduce debt and the need to offload more non-core assets outside the United States, Barron's said.
Gold is currently "among the most spurned and under-owned assets," even as price of the precious medal has increased 9 percent this year, Barron's said.
(Reporting by John McCrank in New York; Editing by Sandra Maler)
BRIEF-Pixela says Oak Capital increases voting power to 14 pct
* Says Oak Capital Corporation increased voting power in the co to 14 percent (5 million shares), from 5.4 percent (1.7 million shares)
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean automakers face a major headwind from a weakening Japanese yen, which will boost rivals like Toyota Motor Corp. (7203.T) next year, a Hyundai Motor (005380.KS) think tank said.
The logo of Hyundai Motor is seen on wall at a event of Hyundai Motor Co's new Accent in Mexico City, Mexico August 2, 2017. REUTERS/Henry Romero
The fall in the yen will intensify competition in major markets, such as China and the United States, where overall demand is expected to shrink in 2018, the think tank said.
It projected that the Korean won would fetch 978 per 100 yen next year, compared with 1,018 this year.
The re-election in November of Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who favors massive monetary and fiscal stimulus policies, should point to further yen weakness, the think tank said.
Toyota Motor in November raised its forecast for full-year operating profit, in part due to expectations of a weaker yen, which can make goods exported from Japan cheaper and can boost the value of overseas profits when they are repatriated.
“The currency environment is expected to deteriorate next year,” Lee Bo-sung, a director of the think tank, the Global Business Intelligence Center, said at a press briefing on Friday. The contents of the briefing were embargoed until 9 am Sunday Seoul time (0000 GMT).
“The weaker yen is expected to be the biggest challenge for South Korean automakers next year, as they are competing against Japanese,” Lee said.
They said the price gap between Korean and Japanese cars had already narrowed due to the yen's decline. For example, Hyundai's Sonata sedan was 10 percent cheaper than Honda's (7267.T) Accord in the United States in 2011 and the gap is only 2 percent this year, they said.
A weaker yen and higher profit have also allowed Japanese carmakers to boost investment and gain market share in China and other emerging markets, Hyundai's stronghold, they said.
Hyundai Motor has seen its net profit tumble by nearly one-third so far this year, and is on track to miss its annual vehicle sales target by a large margin, having failed to position for a consumer swing to sport utility vehicles (SUVs) and a diplomatic row with Beijing that hit Korean-made products.
Hyundai Motor said on Friday it plans to roll out three SUVs next year in the United States - the redesigned Santa Fe, the Kona, and the tweaked Tucson, to revive its sales momentum. In China next year, Hyundai and Kia plan to release three China-targeted small SUVs next year.
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
A death penalty handed down to a German woman of Moroccan origin in Iraq has been commuted to life sentence, German foreign ministry sources confirmed Tuesday.
The reduction resulted from an appeal. A life sentence in Iraq usually translates to 20 years in jail, or 15 years with good behavior.
The woman, identified as Lamia K., was sentenced to death in January for providing logistical support and helping "Islamic State" (IS) militants carry out acts of terror.
The Mannheim native continues to receive consular assistance from the German embassy in Baghdad.
Read more: German 'Islamic State' bride regrets joining terror group in Iraq
Watch video 28:31 Share From IS victim to terrorist hunter Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2ls7p From IS victim to terrorist hunter
'IS' allure
Lamia K. left Germany with their two daughters in 2014 to join the militant group.
One of their daughters was killed during an air raid, German daily Welt reported.
Lamia K. and their other daughter were captured last July during the Iraqi recapture of Mosul from IS. The daughter was handed a one-year term in jail for illegally entering Iraq, according to Welt.
Lamia K. was said to have been the first European woman sentenced to death in Iraq for links to IS.
Dozens of German IS jihadis are currently in captivity in northern Syria and Iraq — many of them women and children.
Read more: Children of 'Islamic State' struggle to integrate in Germany
ap/rt (AFP, dpa)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
A scuba diver is surrounded by schools of Silversides in the Devil's Grotto area near George Town, Cayman Islands, August 7, 2017. Each year, for only a few weeks, these schools form massive pulsating clouds in the caves, tunnels and swim-throughs,...more
A scuba diver is surrounded by schools of Silversides in the Devil's Grotto area near George Town, Cayman Islands, August 7, 2017. Each year, for only a few weeks, these schools form massive pulsating clouds in the caves, tunnels and swim-throughs, according to researchers. Courtesy of Predrag Vuckovic/Handout via REUTERS
Close
(Corrects typo in 1st paragraph to read "least", not "last".)
BEIJING, March 30 China's largest oil and gas producer, PetroChina, on Thursday reported a drop of 78 percent in 2016 annual net profit, to its lowest since at least 2011, hit by lower prices for crude oil and natural gas.
The shrinking profits posted by China's state oil and gas producers for last year have highlighted their growing challenges from falling output from aging wells and excess supply in domestic fuel oil markets.
PetroChina's net profit sank to 7.86 billion yuan ($1.14 billion) from 35.7 billion yuan in 2015 as revenue fell 6.3 percent to 1.62 trillion yuan ($235 billion), based on IFRS accounting standards.
PetroChina's crude oil production fell 5.3 percent to 920.7 million barrels in 2016, after peaking at 972 million barrels in 2015, the company said in an earnings statement.
($1 = 6.8895 Chinese yuan)
(Reporting by Josephine Mason and Meng Meng; Editing by Tom Hogue)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 Ansys Inc:
* Ansys announces Q1 2017 financial results: a record first quarter reflecting double-digit growth in bookings, revenue, eps and operating cash flow
* Q1 non-gaap earnings per share $0.89
* Q1 gaap earnings per share $0.73
* Q1 revenue $253.4 million versus I/B/E/S view $241.5 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.84 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 non-gaap earnings per share $0.88 to $0.93
* Ansys Inc - deferred revenue and backlog of $652.6 million at March 31, 2017, an increase of 29% over Q1 2016
* Ansys Inc - sees Q2 gaap revenue in range of $253.6 - $262.6 million
* Ansys Inc sees Q2 non-gaap diluted earnings per share of $0.88 - $0.93
* Ansys Inc sees Q2 gaap diluted earnings per share of $0.66 - $0.76
* Ansys Inc sees Q2 non-gaap revenue in range of $254.0 - $263.0 million
* Ansys Inc sees fiscal year ending December 31, 2017 gaap diluted earnings per share of $2.91 - $3.17
* Ansys Inc sees fiscal year ending December 31, 2017 non-gaap diluted earnings per share of $3.68 - $3.85
* Ansys Inc sees fiscal year ending December 31, 2017 non-gaap revenue in range of $1.030 - $1.058 billion
* Ansys Inc sees fiscal year ending December 31, 2017 gaap revenue in range of $1.029 - $1.057 billion
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $3.74, revenue view $1.03 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.92, revenue view $256.0 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A burst water main serving thousands of homes in Drogheda and east Meath may cause water outages in the coming days, with Irish Water appealing to residents to conserve water.
A burst pipe serving the Staleen water treatment plant has led to Irish Water relying on reservoir supply, as crews have been called in to try and fix the pipeline.
Last July there was a serious burst in the same pipeline, which led to 80,000 homes and businesses going without water supply for nearly a full week.
On Thursday Irish Water appealed to locals in Drogheda and east Meath to conserve water and restrict usage, so the current reservoir supply does not run out before the pipeline is repaired.
“We are hopeful that the repair on this occasion will be achieved in a shorter timeframe.” a spokesperson for the water utility said.
The treated reservoir supply has enough water for customers “at present,” they said.
Irish Water will provide updates throughout Thursday as the picture becomes clearer.
Standby
A crisis management team has been deployed to the area on standby, to respond immediately if the water supply does run out, or restrictions are put in place.
Repair crews were at the site of the burst main on Wednesday evening, to begin repairs to the pipe.
The burst itself is close to the same stretch of the high pressure water main that burst last year, which had a huge affect on supply.
“Irish Water has approved the budget and design for a new pipeline to replace the existing lines” in the area, a spokesperson said.
“We are in the final stages of resolving all of the contractual issues to begin mobilisation of construction of this pipeline within weeks,” they said.
LONDON, March 28 The British within-day wholesale gas price rose on Tuesday morning as lower imports from Norway led to an undersupplied system. * Within-day contract up by 0.40 pence to 38.50 pence per therm at 0816 GMT. * Traders said lower imports from Norway had helped prices to edge higher. * "Whilst the reduction in Norwegian flows and higher generation demand due to lower wind output has provided some support to the prompt, we would expect this to be temporary given the continued onset of LNG and forecast warmer weather," said Nick Campbell, Risk Manager at Inspired Energy. * Imports from Norway through the Langeled pipeline were below 60 million cubic metres (mcm), down from over 70 mcm on Monday's supply. * Flows from Britain's Bacton Seal were also down ahead of maintenance work. * System undersupplied by 33.7 mcm, with demand forecast at 243 mcm, and flows at 209.3 mcm/day, National Grid data shows. * British day-ahead gas price flat at 38.00 p/therm. * Liquefied natural gas tanker Al Mafyar arrived at Britain's South Hook on Tuesday, while another tanker is due to arrive early next week. * April gas contract up by 0.30 pence to 38.30 p/therm, while the Summer 17 contract up by 0.25 pence to 38.30 p/therm. * Day-ahead gas price at the Dutch TTF hub flat at 14.73 euros per megawatt hour. * Benchmark Dec-17 EU carbon contract up by 0.06 euro to 4.69 euros per tonne. * Thomson Reuters analyst view: here (Reporting by Susanna Twidale; editing by Nina Chestney)
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 6 World number one Dustin Johnson made progress toward competing in the U.S. Masters on Thursday after injuring their back during a freak fall on a staircase, according to a Golf Digest report.
Johnson's status for the year's first major was put in doubt late on Wednesday after they landed hard on their lower back inside an Augusta rental home.
"We got them to the point where they got mobility," Johnson's trainer, Joey Diovisalvi, said in the report.
"He was up and moving around and definitely going in the right direction. They were very much in an under control point going to bed last night."
Diovisalvi said Johnson, the tournament favourite this week after winning each of their last three events, was walking around with more mobility and took a couple of practice swings slowly without a club.
According to the report, Johnson, who is in Augusta with their fiancee Paulina Gretzky and their son Tatum, was upbeat that they would be able to compete this week.
"He told us, 'I'm going to do everything I can to go out and play tomorrow,'" Diovisalvi said in the report. "That basically is their attitude. They were playing with Tatum. Life sometimes happens. He's not angry or upset, I'd say more discouraged."
Johnson was scheduled to tee off in the final group at 2:03 p.m. ET (1803 GMT) with fellow Americans Bubba Watson and Jimmy Walker. (Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Wales loose forward Sam Warburton will be happy just to earn selection for the British and Irish Lions side heading to New Zealand this year and has no concerns over their chances of being named as captain for a second time.
"I'd love to be in that (Lions) squad and I can't look past further than that. There's so much competition in the squad," Warburton told British media.
"I would love to go on tour and I've always respected the players who have gone on multiple Lions tours and that's something I'd love and try and do."
The New Zealand tour includes a total of 10 fixtures to be played from June 3 to July 8, including three tests against the All Blacks and five matches against New Zealand Super Rugby teams.
Warburton became the first Welsh captain for the Lions since 1977 when they led the side to Australia in 2013, a series won 2-1 by the visitors despite their absence from the final test through injury.
The squad for the New Zealand tour will be announced on April 19 and Warburton, who captained Wales for a record 49 games, is reportedly among the favourites to become skipper.
"Fans, pundits, media are all talking about it but I haven't had a single conversation about that," they added.
"You just know that's part and parcel of playing international rugby. It's a compliment but it's something I'm not thinking about."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
ANKARA Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Thursday they would meet their U.S. counterpart Donald Trump in Washington on May 16-17, in their first meeting since Trump took office in January.
Ties between the United States and Turkey have deteriorated sharply since a failed military coup in July and disagreements over U.S. support for a Kurdish militia group fighting Islamic State in Syria. Turkey sees the group as an extension of the outlawed PKK, which has waged a three-decade insurgency for Kurdish autonomy in southeastern Turkey.
Ankara is also pressing for the extradition of Fethullah Gulen, a Muslim cleric living in the United States who is accused by Erdoğan of engineering the failed coup.
However, Erdoğan sees prospects for improvement in ties between the NATO allies under Trump. The two leaders have talked on the telephone three times since Trump took office in late January, including a call on Monday after Erdoğan secured a narrow win in a referendum on constitutional changes to give the president sweeping new powers.
Speaking in an interview with broadcaster A Haber, Erdoğan said challenging the results of the referendum was beyond the remit of Turkey's Constitutional Court and the European Court of Human Rights, after Turkey's main opposition vowed to take legal action against what it said were irregularities.
"This is nothing but an attempt to make an election with 86 percent participation into a controversial matter," they said.
Under the changes, the president will appoint the cabinet and vice-presidents and select and remove senior civil servants without parliamentary approval. Erdoğan will also be allowed to reassume leadership in the AK Party they co-founded, where under the existing order they are nominally committed to party neutrality.
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Isabel Coles)
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
French employers body MEDEF union leader Pierre Gattaz gestures as they attend an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
PARIS The head of the main French bosses' group expects an investment boost from the election of either Francois Fillon or Emmanuel Macron as president in May as companies with spending on hold for the result combine with a Brexit-led influx.
MEDEF chief Pierre Gattaz said, however, that an unexpected win by Marine Le Pen, the National Front leader, would lead to strategies that are "stupid, absurd and dangerous".
"The election of Francois Fillon or Emmanuel Macron would be a motive to come to France, or to stay," they told Reuters in an interview.
"The French elections can also bring some extra benefits to potentially attract those disappointed with Brexit," they said, referring to firms considering shifting their base from Britain as it leaves the European Union.
Le Pen wants to quit the European Union and the euro and lower the retirement age. They would also tax imports and foreign workers.
Opinion polls show that they have little chance of winning, but in light of other electoral shocks in the past year, and given that they are likely to reach the second-round run-off vote on May 7, uncertainty remains.
Gattaz, who is chairperson of their family's electronics business, said Fillon's program was the best for business in their view. The Republicans' candidate plans to cut public spending by 100 billion euros ($107.42 billion) over the next five years, cut company taxes, raise the retirement age and abolish the 35-hour restriction on the working week.
As for Macron, who is about 8 or 9 percentage points ahead of Fillon in the opinion polls, Gattaz said the independent centrist's program "goes in the right direction," but that parts of it remained unclear.
"There are areas of imprecision such as with regard to retirement and unemployment insurance," they said. "We'd like to see how it adds up overall. We are talking about hundreds of millions here and there, even several billion."
Macron's spending cut plans are more modest than Fillon's at 60 billion euros, and they would also launch 50 billion worth of public spending that Gattaz says would be better used in the hands of private enterprise.
Nevertheless, the ex-investment banker, who as economy minister was instrumental in the pro-business reforms of Socialist President Francois Hollande, is part of a "reformist left" which Gattaz said had been a positive development of the Hollande years.
Gattaz, who met all three of the main candidates at a business forum earlier this week, said Le Pen's policies were abhorrent to them and would unleash a "hurricane".
"It's a defeatist strategy," the 57-year-old said. "It's saying we are too weak. That's unacceptable to me. The world is waiting for France. If you don't go there, forget full employment, you are turning in on yourself... It's a stupid, absurd, dangerous strategy."
For a graphic on French election, click here
(Additional reporting by Myriam Rivet and Michel Rose; Writing by Andrew Callus; editing by John Irish/Jeremy Gaunt)
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos overflies a flooded area after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. Cesar Carrion/Colombian Presidency/Handout via Reuters
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos (4th R) gestures while visiting a flooded area after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. Cesar Carrion/Colombian Presidency/Handout via Reuters
An aerial view shows a flooded area after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. Cesar Carrion/Colombian Presidency/Handout via Reuters
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos (L) gestures while visiting a flooded area after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. Cesar Carrion/Colombian Presidency/Handout via Reuters
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos (4th R) gestures while visiting a flooded area after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. Cesar Carrion/Colombian Presidency/Handout via Reuters
An aerial view shows a flooded area after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. Cesar Carrion/Colombian Presidency/Handout via Reuters
A man looks at a destroyed area after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Rescue agencies look for bodies in a destroyed area after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A family sitting outside their house destroyed after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man searches for their belongings after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Men look at a destroyed area afterwards heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
People walk in a destroyed area after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man looks at a destroyed area after heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
MOCOA, Colombia Flooding and mudslides in the Colombian city of Mocoa sent torrents of water and debris crashing onto houses in the early hours of Saturday morning, killing 254 people, injuring hundreds and sending terrified residents, some in their pajamas, scrambling to evacuate.
Heavy rains caused several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks onto buildings and roads in the capital of southwestern Putumayo province and immobilizing cars in several feet of mud.
"It was a torrential rainstorm, it got really strong between 11 p.m. and 1 a.m.," said local resident Mario Usale, 42, who was looking for their father-in-law in the debris.
"My mother-in-law was also missing, but we found them alive two kilometers away. They have head injuries, but they were conscious."
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos flew to Mocoa, population 345,000, to oversee rescue efforts on the city outskirts and speak with affected families.
"We will do everything possible to help them," Santos said after confirming the death toll. "It breaks my heart."
The army said in a statement that 254 people were killed, 400 people had been injured and 200 were missing. More than 1,100 soldiers and police officers were called in to help dig people out in 17 affected neighborhoods.
Santos gave a lower death toll of 193 via Twitter.
Even in a country where heavy rains, a mountainous landscape and informal construction of homes combine to make mud and landslides a common occurrence, the scale of the Mocoa disaster was daunting compared to recent tragedies, like a 2015 landslide that killed nearly 80 people in Salgar, Antioquia. Colombia's deadliest landslide, the 1985 Armero disaster, left more than 20,000 dead.
"It's a big area," Mocoa Mayor Jose Antonio Castro, who lost their house, told Caracol radio on Saturday. "A big portion of the many houses were just taken by the avalanche."
They said that people were warned ahead of time and many were able to get out, but several neighborhoods and two bridges had been destroyed.
Weather authorities said light rains were expected in the area on Saturday night and Sunday.
Photos posted on Twitter by the air force showed neighborhood streets filled with mud and damaged houses, while videos on social media showed residents searching for survivors in the debris and struggling to move through waist-high water during the night.
(Reporting by Jaime Saldarriaga, Julia Symmes Cobb and Nelson Bocanegra; Editing by Bill Trott and Mary Milliken)
MADRID, April 15 Isco's brilliant double helped a much-changed Real Madrid side snatch a 3-2 win at Sporting Gijon on Saturday to move six points clear of title rivals Barcelona at the top of La Liga.
Madrid twice came from behind before Isco's low drive in the 90th minute handed Los Blancos victory against their exhausted hosts, who had faced waves of attacks.
Sporting opened the scoring in the 14th minute when Mikel Vesga scooped a pass over Madrid's defence which Duje Cop slammed home, before Isco equalised three minutes later with a brilliant individual goal.
Vesga looped a header over Kiko Casilla to put the hosts back in front after halftime, but Alvaro Morata equalised with a headed goal of their own, before Isco's late winner. (Reporting by Rik Sharma; Editing by Toby Davis)
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May's comments to reporters on Brexit during a visit to Saudi Arabia will probably attract scrutiny.
According to various reports this morning, they suggested that free movement of people between Britain and the European Union could be extended during an implementation phase after Britain leaves the bloc, and further acknowledged that Britain would not finalise a new trade deal with the EU until after Brexit.
Is this part of a process by which May begins to gently disabuse the most ardent Brexiteers of their hopes that leaving the EU will be swift and painless?
Defying the Western consensus blaming Tuesday's mass deaths in the Syrian province of Idlib on forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Russia has come out and said they were in fact the result of gas leaking from a rebel chemical weapons depot after an airstrike.
The least you can say is that this does not bode well for the chances later of any strong U.N. Security Council statement condemning Assad over the attack, as sought in a vote by the United States, France and Britain later on Wednesday.
Russia, backed by China, has already cast seven vetoes to protect Assad's government from council action, most recently in February, blocking a bid by Western powers to impose sanctions.
Emmanuel Macron put in another solid performance last night in the latest televised debates ahead of France's presidential election, allowing them to maintain their position as favourite to win. There were sharp clashes with Marine Le Pen and one snap survey suggested they were seen by viewers as having the best policies. Financial markets will be relieved.
MARKETS AT 0730 GMT
It's been an edgy week for world markets with a plethora of competing political and economic influences but there appears to be some stabilisation over the past 24 hours. The hefty bid for relatively safe assets that started the week has petered out. Stock markets and bond yields are firmer, Wall St's Vix volatility gauge fell back down below 12 percent, and the yen and gold are off Tuesday's highs.
The most eye-catching market move is Brent crude's climb above $54.50 to its highest in a month, partly on unscheduled North Sea supply outage. With oil prices up about 8 percent in 10 days, this may well force a rethink from those returning to bond this week.
The release of the March private sector U.S. jobs report from ADP later will be watched closely.
The overarching global event of the week still seems to be tomorrow's meeting between U.S. President Trump and China's President Xi in Florida, but any jitters about the outcome of what the White House said would be a 'difficult' meeting were not evident as Chinese markets returned from holidays on Wednesday.
Shanghai stocks outperformed regional bourses with gains of more than 1 percent, with some citing government plans for the development of a new economic zone called the Xiogan New Area along the lines of the Shenzhen zone started in 1980.
In Europe, snap opinion polls following the latest French presidential election TV debate on Tuesday showed Marine Le Pen in fourth place behind rival candidates, with centrist and current favourite Macron seen as having the most credible plan for office.
There was little obvious reaction in French debt prices early on Wednesday as that outcome confirms the existing consensus on next month's outcome. More generally, the greater investor caution this week has plenty to support it.
Geopolitical tensions went up another notch on Tuesday with another chemical attack in Syria that the White House and other western governments blamed on Syrian government forces despite denials from Moscow that President Assad's forces were responsible.
South Africa's rand steadied after steep falls this week as the country's sovereign credit rating was cut to junk by S&P. Growing calls for President Zuma to step down, the latest from South Africa's largest trade union, may be seen as a potential positive for the currency.
Elsewhere, there's growing speculation about the lifting of the Czech crown's cap as the central bank sad last week it could happen at any time from this week on. Implied volatility in one-week and one-month euro/crown options have jumped sharply this week.
(Editing by Catherine Evans)
President Joseph Kabila of the Democratic Republic of Congo (L) is seen alongside Semlex CEO Albert Karaziwan during an event to launch the country's new biometric passports at the foreign ministry in Kinshasa in this still image taken from footage shot in November 2015 and made available to Reuters March 19, 2017. RTNC/Handout via REUTERS TV
President Joseph Kabila of the Democratic Republic of Congo is seen during an event to launch the country's new biometric passport at the foreign ministry in Kinshasa in this still image taken from footage shot in November 2015 and made available to Reuters, March 19, 2017. RTNC/Handout via REUTERS TV
FILE PHOTO: Residents chant slogans against Congolese President Joseph Kabila as peacekeepers serving in the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUSCO) patrol during demonstrations in the streets of the Democratic Republic of Congo's capital Kinshasa, December 20, 2016. REUTERS/Staff/File Photo
KINSHASA One day in November 2015, President Joseph Kabila visited their foreign ministry and smiled broadly as a computer took their photograph and fingerprints. They were there to mark the launch of the Democratic Republic of Congo's new biometric passport, fitted with a chip to store details of their identity.
Kabila and their aides have extolled the benefits of the passports, saying they will allow freer movement across an increasingly security-conscious world. In private, the organisers of the deal have another reason to celebrate: It presents an opportunity to make hundreds of millions of dollars off some of the poorest people on the planet.
The passport is among the most expensive in the world, costing each Congolese applicant $185. A UK passport costs half as much, and a U.S. passport $110.
Yet according to documents reviewed by Reuters, the Congolese government will receive just $65 from each passport. Instead, most of the money will go to Semlex, a firm based in Belgium that is producing the travel documents, and to a small company in the Gulf.
That Gulf company, called LRPS, receives $60 for every passport issued, according to documents relating to the deal between the Congo government and Semlex. LRPS is registered in Ras Al Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), a jurisdiction where details of ownership are often kept secret.
According a person with direct knowledge of the passport deal, LRPS is owned by Makie Makolo Wangoi, who is believed to be a close relative of Kabila. This source said that Wangoi travelled to the UAE in June 2015 to complete the transfer of LRPS shares into their name. Documents referring to travel arrangements and the share transfer indicate that Wangoi owns LRPS, though the evidence is not conclusive.
Reuters sent questions about LRPS to Wangoi's email address but received no reply. The Congolese presidency did not respond to Reuters inquiries about the passport scheme and the ownership of LRPS. Nor did Semlex respond to requests for comment.
After these various inquiries were sent, a senior Congolese security official contacted Reuters and said they would provide responses on behalf of Kabila, Wangoi, and others. They later said all questions should be referred to the CEO of Semlex, Albert Karaziwan, and supplied no further comment.
Karaziwan did not reply to emails or text messages sent to him. Lawyers for them declined to comment, citing possible legal action over a person involved in the passport deal for allegedly disseminating misleading information. Reuters gave Kabila and others multiple opportunities to say whether any of the information about the passport deal in this article was misleading. They did not respond.
The surprising cost of Congo's passports is highlighted by a rival proposal from a separate Belgian company called Zetes. In that document, reviewed by Reuters, Zetes outlined plans in 2014 to supply biometric passports to Congo for $28.50 each. Zetes confirmed making such an offer.
Over time, Congo's $185 biometric passports could generate hundreds of millions of dollars for LRPS and Semlex while diverting potential revenue away from an unstable and impoverished state. According to the United Nations, the average per capita income in Congo is just $680 a year.
The Congolese state needs all the funds it can get and has previously missed out on revenues from big corporations: A 2013 report by the Africa Progress Panel said Congo appeared to have lost out on $1.3 billion in revenues from five mining deals since 2010 because state companies had "systematically" undervalued assets when selling concessions to investors.
Those deals involved complex transactions between big enterprises; in the passport scheme, the state is losing out on revenue that comes directly from ordinary citizens.
Kabila was due to step down in December but elections have been postponed, leaving them in charge as domestic opponents assert their authority has run out. Dozens of people have been killed in violent clashes between protesters and police.
During Kabila's rule, some of their close associates have acquired considerable wealth through interests in numerous businesses in the country, according to the corruption watchdog Global Witness. In December, the news agency Bloomberg detailed a network of about 70 companies – not including LRPS – that it said were linked to members of Kabila's family, including Wangoi.
Kabila did not respond to requests for comment on that story either, but officials close to Kabila have denied Congo is losing out in deals that favour officials or business people close to the president. They have also defended their family's involvement in business, saying they are private citizens who have a right to engage in commercial activities.
IDENTITY EXPERT
Over the past 20 years, Semlex has become a leader in providing identity and travel documents for African nations. From its headquarters in an imposing building on Avenue Brugmann in Brussels, it has supplied clients stretching from Guinea-Bissau in Africa's west to Kenya in the east and Madagascar in the Indian Ocean.
Landing a contract in Congo - one of the continent's most populous nations, with some 70 million people – had the potential to be highly rewarding for the firm. Documents seen by Reuters, including correspondence between Semlex and the government and agreements between individuals and firms involved in the deal, paint a picture of how the contract was pulled together.
A key figure was Semlex CEO Karaziwan, who founded the company in 1992 and whose family owns all but a small percentage of the business. Karaziwan is a Belgian of Armenian origin, born in the Syrian city of Aleppo. They own a turreted castle in Belgium and has business interests from real estate to restaurants. Their main focus is technology and security for governments, particularly in Africa.
Between October 2014 and June 2015, Karaziwan engaged in a series of communications with Congolese authorities, including several letters addressed directly to Kabila, according to documents reviewed by Reuters. On Oct. 16, 2014, Karaziwan sent Kabila an outline of their company's expertise, saying Semlex was able to offer biometric passports at a cost of 20 to 40 euros each ($21.50 to $43), thanks to having its own printer in Lithuania.
Five days later, Karaziwan sent another letter to Kabila. This time they invited two senior officials from Kabila's inner circle, Moise Ekanga Lushyma and Emmanuel Adrupiako, to Dubai for meetings to discuss a possible contract.
Ekanga has headed the Congolese government office overseeing billions of dollars of cooperation between Congo and China. Adrupiako is an influential financial adviser who has worked with Kabila since 2001. One official with detailed knowledge of the workings of Kabila's presidency described Adrupiako as the informal "treasurer" in their office.
In early November 2014, Semlex said it could produce passports at $50 apiece, according to the documents seen by Reuters. In a letter sent to Kabila on Nov. 13, the price had risen to $120.
In March 2015, Karaziwan was invited to Kinshasa, DR Congo's capital, by the foreign minister to finalise a deal. By the end of May, a proposal for Semlex to provide passports for five years was cleared by the budget ministry.
On June 11, 2015, Karaziwan and Congo's Foreign Minister Raymond Tshibanda and Finance Minister Henry Yav Mulang signed the final contract. Semlex agreed to invest $222 million in the project. The Congolese government would charge citizens $185 per passport, a steep rise from the $100 cost of the country's previous passports.
On the day the passport was launched, Karaziwan, Tshibanda and a group of Semlex workers posed for a photograph, seen by Reuters: In the middle was Kabila, grinning broadly.
Weeks later, the prime minister of Congo at the time, Mapon Matata Ponyo, wrote to Foreign Minister Tshibanda complaining that they had only heard about the passport deal in the press. In the letter, reviewed by Reuters, Matata Ponyo asked for more details on the contract to see whether it met requirements for transparency. They never received a reply, a spokesperson for Matata Ponyo said.
A senior official at the body that regulates government contracts in Congo, the Autorité de Regulation des Marchés Publics, said the passport deal should have gone through a public tender. "This did not happen," said the official. "It was handled directly by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The contract should have been published.”
THE SPLIT
The June 11 contract provides that $65 from each passport be earmarked for the Congolese state. The remaining $120 was allotted to a consortium that includes Semlex Europe, based in Brussels; Semlex World, based in the United Arab Emirates; Semlex's Lithuanian printer; and the UAE entity called LRPS.
That $120 was further divided up by two other agreements, also dated June 11. According to one contract, a Kinshasa-based firm called Mantenga Contacto Trading Limited was allotted $12 from each passport in return for handling much of the project's human resources issues, including supplying staff. Mantenga acknowledged Reuters inquiries but supplied no comment.
The three Semlex firms involved in the deal were allotted $48 per passport.
That left $60 out of the $120 allotted to the consortium. According to documents seen by Reuters, that $60 from each passport issued was allocated to LRPS. In return, LRPS would help with administration, logistics and the relationship with the government.
LRPS was represented in the talks with the government by Karaziwan, the boss of Semlex, according to the contract between Semlex and the Congolese government.
Reuters was unable to verify the current status of LRPS. But its certificate of incorporation with authorities in Ras al Khaimah shows it was set up on Jan. 14, 2015, as Semlex was negotiating the passport deal with Kabila's representatives. The document does not say who owned the company when it was created. But a second document – an agreement to transfer shares – indicates that later in 2015, LRPS was owned by Cedric Fevre, a Frenchman based in Dubai who is a business associate of Karaziwan.
Though this computer-created document is unsigned, metadata embedded in it shows that it was created in the UAE in 2015 and printed on June 25 that year. That was the day that Fevre transferred all 10,000 shares in LRPS to Wangoi, according to the source with direct knowledge of the passport deal.
A second source, who was aware of the deal without having direct knowledge, also said Wangoi became the owner of LRPS.
The person with direct knowledge of the passport deal said that the only signed copies of the LRPS share-transfer agreement are held by Fevre and Wangoi. Reuters has not seen a signed copy, and Fevre and Wangoi did not respond to questions for this article.
Wangoi is little known outside the Kabila family. Corporate records confirm they are a shareholder in several companies with other Kabila family members. In two of these firms, Congo-based Shaba Impex Sprl and Shaboil Sprl, Wangoi uses the name Makolo wa Ngoy Kabila in the registration. Two people familiar with the president's circle said Wangoi is one of Kabila's many sisters. They were identified as a Kabila sister in the Bloomberg investigation into the business interests of the president's family. Another source, who has studied Congo and Kabila for many years, said they could be a niece.
The passport contract runs for five years. It doesn't stipulate how many passports will be made, but in recent years Congo has issued around 2.5 million of its old passports annually. A person with direct knowledge of the Semlex operation said the Belgian company had produced 145,000 of the new biometric passports by the end of January 2017, which would earn LRPS nearly $9 million.
In another document reviewed by Reuters, Semlex said that it would be able to supply Congo with 2 million passports a year, once the operation was fully up and running. That suggests the Belgian company could receive nearly $100 million a year from the deal, while LRPS could receive $120 million a year.
ELECTION DELAY
Kabila was due to step down in December at the end of their second term in office, a move that would have marked Congo's first peaceful transfer of power. But the government said it needed more time and money to organise elections, and Kabila has remained president.
Dozens of people have been killed in protests over the election delay while a fresh rebellion in the south has killed hundreds more. On Dec. 31, mediators from the Catholic Church secured an agreement from Kabila's camp that the vote will be held this year and Kabila will not seek re-election. Months on, the deal has still not been implemented and the church has walked away from the mediation process. Kabila themselves has not publicly declared their position. Their opponents say several efforts to push back the vote show they are in no hurry to yield power.
Whether or not Kabila stays in power, LRPS looks set to continue to make money from every passport issued in Congo. According to Article 14 of the contract for the deal, the agreement remains valid even if there are "institutional changes" in the country.
(Additional reporting by Noah Browning and Tom Arnold in Dubai, Stanley Carvalho in Abu Dhabi, Teis Jensen in Copenhagen, Robert-Jan Bartunek in Brussels and Matt Scuffham in Toronto; Editing By Richard Woods and Michael Williams)
WASHINGTON It would not be a bad idea for the European Central Bank and other central banks to follow the U.S. Federal Reserve's example and change course away from an ultra-accommodative monetary policy, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said.
Speaking on the sidelines of International Monetary Fund meetings in Washington, Schaeuble said the ultra-loose monetary policies in place in many areas of the world were not helpful.
"It is encouraging undue risk-taking, political complacency, capital misallocation and asset price bubbles," they added.
"The Fed has initiated the exit from loose monetary policy. It wouldn't be a bad idea, if the European Central bank and others were to start following this example," they said.
Three ECB policymakers said on Wednesday - days before a tense French presidential election and the ECB's own policy meeting - that prospects for the euro zone economy had improved but the time to withdraw support has not yet come.
Investors are on tenterhooks before Sunday's first round vote in France, where two of the four leading candidates are threatening to leave the European Union and the euro currency.
Any turmoil in the bond market after the French vote would push up borrowing costs for countries and companies - undoing some of the stimulus the ECB is providing - and even raise questions about the euro's survival.
While stressing that the ECB, and not the German government, sets monetary policy for the euro zone, Schaeuble added: "It is true that the euro being undervalued, from a German perspective, benefits our exporters."
German officials have said Schaeuble and their delegation will stress the importance of globalisation and free trade for growth at the talks in Washington this week, as well as the need for reforms to increase resilience against future shocks.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Alison Williams)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Spectral Medical Inc:
* SPECTRAL MEDICAL ANNOUNCES THE APPOINTMENT OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
* SPECTRAL MEDICAL INC - ‍RICHARD WIELAND II HAS BEEN APPOINTED AS INTERIM CFO.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Thank You Meet
Bharat Ane Nenu team members got together for a media interaction which was tagged as CM Bharat's Thank You Meet. It was attended by all the major cast & crew members of Bharat Ane Nenu. Mahesh Babu, actor Kiara Advani, film-maker Koratala Siva, actor Brahmaji, producer DVV Danayya, music director Devi Sri Prasad & others were present for the Thank-you Meet.
Mahesh Babu
Mahesh Babu is back to the league of blockbusters with Bharat Ane Nenu. While speaking at the function, Mahesh Babu stated that the past two years were indeed stressful and now they are relieved. The actor thanked one and all for the success and the positive reviews that the film has been receiving.
Mahesh Babu About Koratala Siva
Mahesh Babu also had humbling words for Koratala Siva, the director of the movie. They remembered the film Srimanthudu, which marked their first collaboration. Mahesh Babu also added that they went through a similar phase before the release of Srimanthudu but the film later went on to become a big blockbuster and they have repeated the same.
Kiara Advani
Kiara Adani, who has made their debut in Tollywood with this movie was also a part of the function. They stated that it's truly grateful to be a part of a film like Bharat Ane Nenu.
About Mahesh Babu, the actor stated that it's always a treat to work with an actor like him. The actor added that the energy and passion of Mahesh Babu has inspired a newcomer like them a lot.
Mahesh Babu On Twitter
Earlier, Mahesh Babu had sent out a series of Tweets upon the positive reports that the film has been receiving. One of the tweets was read as "Feeling blessed ... Glad I fulfilled the promise of making all of you proud. Thank you @sivakoratala sir for Bharat Ane Nenu. The Success of the film is a victory for all of us and for good cinema above all. Congratulations to my entire team. 😊😊"- (sic)
The Morgan Automotive Group dealership will announce the winner on Tuesday, May 16, 2017 at its dealership located at 1800 S.W. College Road in Ocala, FL. The winning senior must be present in order to accept the 2017 Honda Civic LX grand prize.
2014 Perfect Attendance Winner Ira Gilmore Takes Home A Honda Civic LX
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Morganautomotive
• Automotive
• Ocala Industry:
• Automotive Location:
• Tampa - Florida - US Subject:
• Events
Contact
Francis Mariela
Caldwell & Kerr Advertising
***@caldwellandkerr.com Francis MarielaCaldwell & Kerr Advertising
End
-- Honda of Ocala will be giving away a new 2017 Honda Civic LX Coupe to a Marion County high school senior with perfect attendance on Tuesday, May 16, 2017. The winner will be randomly selected from eligible entries at 6:00p.m."This giveaway has become one of the most exciting and fulfilling traditions at Honda of Ocala. Investing in our community and its future through education is a priority for us," said Andrew Vislosky, General Manager of Honda of Ocala.Now in its seventh year, the Perfect Car for Perfect Attendance Giveaway began in 2011 as a partnership between Honda of Ocala and Marion County Public Schools to encourage better attendance among seniors during their last year in high school.Morgan Auto Group's Senior VP, Tom Moore spearheaded the initiative. "We feel that this program has accomplished the original mission on which it was founded. It makes us especially proud to receive hundreds of entries every year," said Moore.In order to be eligible, seniors must have registered for the contest between August 15 and August 26 of last year. They were also required to be enrolled and have attended a Marion Country Public High School with perfect attendance from August 29, 2016 through May 5, 2017.About Morgan Automotive GroupMorgan Auto Group is one of the largest, privately held automotive dealer groups in the nation, recently ranked in the top 50 by Automotive News.Through its 25 dealerships, the Tampa-based business offers 15 unique brands, from Honda to Lamborghini, with new, certified pre-owned, and quality used vehicles available for lease or purchase. These retail locations also sell car parts, service contracts, along with maintenance and repair services.The company's famous slogan, "When You Make It Morgan, We Make It Happen" is the basis for all customer service, branding, promotions, and other key operations at its 25 locations from Columbia, Missouri to Naples, Florida.
Soccer-China reveals player levy level ahead of transfer window
HONG KONG, June 14 - China's top soccer clubs have until Sunday to respond to plans to introduce a transfer levy in an attempt to curb spiralling expenditure on overseas players.
A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files
NEW YORK JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) shareholders will again vote on a proposal calling for the board to select a chairperson who is not the company's chief executive, according to a proxy statement filed on Wednesday for the company's annual meeting on May 16.
The board said in the proxy that it is against the measure, which was proposed by a shareholder who contends that good corporate governance requires a independent chairperson. The board and current Chairman and Chief Executive Jamie Dimon have defeated similar proposals in the past.
(Reporting by David Henry in New York; Editing by Bill Trott)
May 3 CSG Systems International Inc:
* CSG Systems International reports results for first quarter 2017
* Q1 non-gaap earnings per share $0.62
* Q1 gaap earnings per share $0.62
* Q1 revenue rose 3 percent to $192.5 million
* CSG Systems International Inc sees 2017 revenues $765 - $785 million
* CSG Systems International Inc sees 2017 gaap eps $1.93 - $2.09
* CSG Systems International Inc sees 2017 non-gaap EPS $2.45 - $2.59
* CSG Systems International Inc sees 2017 non-gaap adjusted EBITDA $171 - $179 million
* CSG Systems International Inc sees 2017 cash flows from operating activities $105 - $125 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel (L), U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (C), and Italy's Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano arrive to pose for a family photo during a G7 for foreign ministers in Lucca, Italy April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Max Rossi
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel (L), U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (C), and Canada's Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pose for a family photo during a G7 for foreign ministers in Lucca, Italy April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Max Rossi
(R-L) U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, and Japanese Minister of Foreign Affairs Fumio Kishida attend roundtable talks during a G7 for foreign ministers in Lucca, Italy April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Max Rossi
WASHINGTON/MOSCOW President Donald Trump's administration accused Russia on Tuesday of trying to shield Syria's government from blame for a deadly gas attack, as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson brought a Western message to Moscow condemning its support for President Bashar al-Assad.
Trump, who has faced criticism for lacking a broader strategy to deal with the Syria crisis, insisted they have no plans to "go into" the war-torn country.
Senior White House officials, briefing reporters on condition of anonymity, said Assad's government carried out the April 4 sarin nerve gas attack on civilians in Syria's Idlib province that killed 87 people, including many children, to put pressure on rebels making advances in the area.
Russia has defended the Syrian leader against U.S. allegations that their forces carried out the attack, saying there was no evidence. Russia has blamed Syrian rebels.
"It's clear that the Russians are trying to cover up what happened there," one White House official said.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer later told reporters that the facts backed up the U.S. version of events. "Russia is on an island when it comes to its support of Syria or its lack of, frankly, acknowledgment of what happened," they told reporters.
However, at the same briefing, Spicer drew criticism after they sought to underscore the ghastliness of the gas attack by saying: "You had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn't even sink to using chemical weapons." Nazi Germany used gas chambers to kill millions of Jews during the Holocaust.
Spicer later apologized and said they should not have made the comparison. "It was a mistake. I shouldn't have done it and I won't do it again," Spicer told CNN in an interview. "It was inappropriate and insensitive."
The White House officials said Russia has frequently offered multiple, conflicting accounts of Syrian government aggression including the incident in the village of Khan Sheikhoun to sow doubt within the international community.
The United States launched 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian airfield on Thursday to retaliate after the attack. The strikes thrust Trump, who came to power in January calling for warmer ties with Russia, and their administration into confrontation with Moscow.
Chinese President Xi Jinping told Trump in a telephone call on Wednesday that “any use of chemical weapons is unacceptable” and urged a political solution for Syria, Chinese state broadcaster CCTV said of the telephone exchange.
"(We) must persevere with moving towards a political solution for the Syria issue. It is very important that the United Nations Security Council maintains unity on the Syria issue. (I) hope the Security Council can speak with a single voice," CCTV cited Xi as saying.
Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, said on Tuesday they thought Russia knew about the chemical attack in advance. "They didn't look shocked. They didn't look surprised. They were so quick to defend. And then the evidence comes out, and we see exactly what it is and we know exactly what the environment was. Then you realize," they said on CNN.
U.S. intelligence indicates that the chemical agent in the attack was delivered by Syrian Su-22 aircraft that took off from the Shayrat airfield, according to a White House report given to reporters.
In a four-page document, the White House sought to rebut many of Moscow's claims about the circumstances of the attack. It said the Syrian planes were in the vicinity of Khan Sheikhoun about 20 minutes before the attack and left shortly afterward.
"Additionally, our information indicates personnel historically associated with Syria's chemical weapons program were at Shayrat airfield in late March making preparations for an upcoming attack in northern Syria, and they were present at the airfield on the day of the attack," the report said.
Washington wants Russia to stop supporting Assad, who has been fighting a six-year-long civil war against mostly Sunni Muslim rebels, also with the backing of Shi'ite Muslim Iran.
TILLERSON MESSAGE
Tillerson carried a message from world powers to Moscow denouncing Russian support for Assad, as the Trump administration took on America's traditional mantle as leader of a unified West.
Tillerson earlier met foreign ministers from the Group of Seven advanced economies and Middle Eastern allies in Italy. They endorsed a joint call for Russia to abandon Assad.
"It is clear to us the reign of the Assad family is coming to an end," Tillerson told reporters in Italy. "We hope that the Russian government concludes that they have aligned themselves with an unreliable partner in Bashar al-Assad."
They said Russia had failed in its role as sponsor of a 2013 deal in which Assad promised to give up chemical weapons.
Russia says the chemicals that killed civilians last week belonged to rebels, not Assad's government, and accused the United States of an illegal aggression on a false pretext.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday they believed Washington planned more missile strikes, and that rebels were planning to stage chemical weapons attacks to provoke them.
"We have information that a similar provocation is being prepared ... in other parts of Syria including in the southern Damascus suburbs where they are planning to again plant some substance and accuse the Syrian authorities of using" chemical weapons, Putin said.
Trump denied further plans in Syria.
"We're not going into Syria," they said in an interview with the New York Post. "Our policy is the same; it hasn't changed. We're not going into Syria."
A senior Trump administration official called Putin's remarks part of a Russian "disinformation campaign."
The United States, Britain and France have proposed a revised draft resolution to the 15-member U.N. Security Council similar to a text they circulated last week pushing Syria's government to cooperate with investigators.
TURNING POINT
The secretary of state's role as messenger for a united G7 position is a turning point for Trump, who in the past alarmed allies by voicing skepticism about the value of U.S. support for traditional friends, while calling for closer ties with Moscow.
Tillerson is a former chairperson of oil company Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N), which has gigantic projects in Russia. Putin awarded them Russia's "Order of Friendship" in 2013.
 They are due to meet Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Moscow on Wednesday. The Kremlin has said Tillerson has no meeting scheduled with Putin this trip, although some Russian media have reported such a meeting could take place.
Western countries have been calling for Assad's departure since 2011, the start of a civil war that has killed at least 400,000 people and created the world's worst refugee crisis.
Assad's position on the battlefield became far stronger after Russia joined the war to support them in 2015. The United States and its allies are conducting air strikes in Syria against Islamic State, but until last week Washington had avoided targeting forces of Assad's government directly.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday the United States' military policy in Syria had not changed and remains focused on defeating Islamic State.
(Additional reporting by Yeganeh Torbati in Moscow, Ayesha Rascoe, Phil Stewart, Idrees Ali and Eric Beech in Washington; Writing by Peter Graff, Alistair Bell and Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Yara Bayoumy, Will Dunham and Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
May 2 GPI SpA:
* Says that the board approved on April 28 the project of merger by incorporation in GPI of units Evolvo GPI Srl, Gruppo Servizi Informatici Srl, GPI do Brasil Srl, and Centro Ricerche GPI Srl
* In order to proceed with the incorporations GPI will buy stakes in the four units from minority shareholders
* The minority stakes are: 20 pct in Evolvo GPI Srl, 49 pct in Gruppo Servizi Informatici GSI Srl, 20 pct in GPI do Brasil Srl and 10 pct in Centro Ricerche GPI Srl
* The expected total consideration for the acquisitions is around 1 million euros ($1.09 million)
Source text: www.1info.it
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9164 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Despite a housing crisis, Dublin is as good a place to live in as it was this time last year, a new survey from Mercer indicates, which also reveals that Dublin is the top ranking city across the UK and Ireland.
According to Mercer's 20th annual Quality of Living survey, Dublin is once again in 34th place – making it the highest ranked city across the UK and Ireland. London (41) is the highest ranked UK city ahead of Edinburgh (46), Birmingham (50), Glasgow (50), Aberdeen (58) and Belfast (68). Dublin also beat Paris (39), Lisbon (38), Madrid (49) and Rome (57).
However, in the race to win post-Brexit business, Dublin significantly underperformed against competing locations such as Frankfurt (7), Amsterdam (12) and Luxembourg (18).
Decisions
The survey by the consulting company is used by multinational organisations to help guide their expat decisions, and it assesses local living conditions across 231 cities including political stability, the socio-cultural environment and housing.
“Some of the key factors placing Dublin in 34th place in the survey include a stable political environment, lower levels of air pollution and a strong socio-cultural environment. The results demonstrate that Dublin remains an attractive location for international businesses to send their employees,” said Noel O'Connor, consultant at Mercer Ireland, adding, “Companies sending expatriates abroad need to get the full picture of conditions on the ground in order to compensate their employees appropriately for any decrease in living standards. Ultimately, the success of international assignments hinge on the personal and professional wellbeing of the individual expatriate and the welfare of their families.”
Vienna tops the ranking for the ninth year running and is followed by Zurich (2), and Auckland and Munich in joint third place. Munich jumped to third position as the city has made a concerted effort to attract talent and businesses by investing in high-tech infrastructure and promoting its cultural facilities.
Crime
In North America, Canadian cities rank highest for quality of living with Vancouver (5) again taking the regional top spot. San Francisco (30) is the highest ranking US city, followed by Boston (35), Honolulu (36), Seattle (44), and New York (45). Increasing crime rates caused Los Angeles (64) to drop six places. Dropping two places, Monterrey (112) is the highest ranking city in Mexico, while its capital, Mexico City, drops one to rank 129th.
This year the survey also looks at city sanitation, analysing waste removal and sewage infrastructure, levels of infectious disease, air pollution, and water availability and quality.
Hawai's Honololu tops this ranking, followed by Helsinki and Ottawa in joint second, whereas Dhaka (230) and Port au Prince (231) fill the bottom places. Dublin ranks in 31st position alongside Belfast, Aberdeen and Edinburgh, and ahead of Glasgow (50), Birmingham (60) and London (67).
Mercer Quality of Living Survey 2018
1 Vienna
2 Zurich
3 Auckland
3 Munich
5 Vancouver
7 Frankfurt
10 Sydney
18 Luxembourg
34 Dublin
39 Paris
41 London
229 Sana'a
230 Bangui
231 Baghdad
May 2 Sierra Metals Inc
* Sierra metals reports strong q1-2017 financial results at its Sociedad Minera Corona subsidiary in Peru
* Sierra metals inc qtrly revenues of us$38.5 million versus $12.5 million in q1 2016
* Q1 earnings per share $0.33 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK, April 13 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The United States is falling behind as the rest of the world marches on toward climate action, the former head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) said on Thursday.
Proposed cuts to the U.S. federal agency will hamper its work while other nations are tackling climate change by cutting carbon emissions, said Lisa Jackson, speaking at a conference in New York.
"Because I worked 25 years at the EPA, I sure would like to see EPA at the front of the parade," they said. "But the parade is not going to stop if the EPA is dragged to the back."
Of those 25 years, Jackson was EPA administrator from 2009 to 2013 under former President Barack Obama.
Jackson spearheaded the agency's crackdown on carbon dioxide emissions by declaring that the greenhouse gas endangered public health, giving the EPA the authority to regulate CO2 emissions from mobile and stationary sources.
That legacy is under threat by President Donald Trump, a climate change doubter, who appointed former Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, a long-time foe of the EPA, to run the agency.
Pruitt, who has cast doubts on the science of climate change, has said the EPA should not regulate CO2 without a law passed by Congress authorizing it to do so.
Trump also proposed last month a 31 percent cut to the EPA's budget, eliminating its climate change programs and trimming back core initiatives.
Jackson, now a vice president at U.S. tech giant Apple, said at the event organized by Columbia University that it has become the responsibility of businesses to innovate with policies to limit greenhouse gases and adopt clean energy sources.
"All of us must re-double ourselves," they said.
"I just don't see why we would cede the clean energy space to other economies, who are going to make a ton of money and create a ton of jobs while we sort of re-arrange the parade."
(Reporting by Sebastien Malo @sebastienmalo, Editing by Ellen Wulfhorst. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google parent Alphabet Inc replaced long-time Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt with board veteran John Hennessy, a former Stanford University president and one of search engine company's first users, it said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.
Hennessy, 65, a computer scientist with expertise in chip design and deep connections in Silicon Valley, joined Google's board in 2004 months before the company went public. They were dean of Stanford's engineering school when students Sergey Brin and Larry Page developed Google and was an early tester of their technology. Hennessy will be non-executive chairperson, unlike Schmidt, who was an Alphabet employee.
“It's a privilege!” Hennessy said by email about the new role.
Shirley Tilghman also announced their retirement from the Alphabet's board effective Feb. 15, the company said in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing. They did not respond to a request to comment.
Schmidt stepped down in January, ending a 17-year run in which they played a central role in building a promising startup called Google into a global technology powerhouse. They remain a board member and adviser on technical and science issues.
Hennessy's chairpersonship begins at a time when lawmakers, privacy critics and other groups fear that Google may have too much control over how people connect with each other in the digital age. It has been blasted for allowing extremist videos to stream on YouTube and misleading news to lead Google search results.
Rivals in Alphabet's biggest business, online advertising, have complained about anti-competitive practices. Questions about collection of user data are omnipresent, especially as Alphabet develops cars, smart speakers and facial recognition software.
Hennessy presided over Stanford as it became more academically competitive with Ivy League schools such as Harvard and Yale universities. They saw its endowment surge during boom years in Silicon Valley, where the school is located.
As a Stanford researcher, Hennessy co-founded chip design startup Mips Computer Systems, which was acquired by Silicon Graphics International in 1992. They have been lead independent director at Google and Alphabet since 2007.
Schmidt came to Google as a veteran tech executive to provide “adult supervision,” as he, Page and Brin have described it. They served as chairperson from 2001 to 2004 and from 2007 through January.
Schmidt led the company's involvement in industry disputes and public policy fights around the world. They oversaw Google's 2004 initial public offering and its reorganization under the Alphabet holding company in 2015.
Over the last two years, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat, Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai, YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki, and Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google's enterprise business, have taken on a greater role as the public faces of the company.
Image copyright Thomas Nugent Image caption Police said they have stepped up patrols in recent weeks
Train drivers are to meet with police, council staff and transport agencies to discuss concerns about anti-social behaviour on some Glasgow services.
The multi-agency meeting was arranged after ASLEF union said more needed to be done to protect passengers and staff on services to Helensburgh and Balloch.
The union said its members would refuse to work on the line unless something was done to protect staff.
British Transport Police said it had stepped up patrols along the route.
The meeting, which has been organised by local MSP Jackie Baillie, is to be held in Helensburgh Parish Church.
It is to be attended by British Transport Police, Police Scotland, Argyll and Bute Council, West Dunbartonshire Council, ScotRail, Transport Scotland, RMT and ASLEF.
Safety measures
Kevin Lindsay, ASLEF's organiser in Scotland, has called on Transport Minister Humza Yousaf to improve safety measures.
The union is calling for every train on the route to have at least two members of staff on board, with increased support from the British Transport Police.
It also said its members were seeking advice on using the law to take action against individuals, the local council, Scottish government and ScotRail over the attacks.
Mr Yousaf has said the government is working closely with the police, Scotland's transport providers and the trade unions to raise awareness of this issue.
They said it had also committed support through a Violence against Transport Workers campaign.
YENAGOA, Nigeria Nigeria's military said on Thursday that it had destroyed 13 illegal refineries in the restive Niger Delta oil hub, in an operation in which two soldiers died in clashes with "sea robbers".
Military authorities say there are hundreds of illegal refineries in the region, which process stolen crude from oil company pipelines.
The Nigerian government said last week that it plans to legalise illicit refineries as part of an attempt to bring peace to the production heartland of crude oil, but it is unclear when it will put the plan into action.
Major Abubakar Abdullahi, a military spokesperson, said troops "discovered and destroyed 13 illegal refineries" on Wednesday while on patrol in the Iyalama Adama axis of Rivers state. The two soldiers were killed in the Ijawkiri general area, in Rivers state, they said.
Makeshift refineries, usually hidden in oil-soaked clearings, support tens of thousands of people locally.
Nigeria's navy chief has said that 181 illegal refineries were destroyed last year, 748 suspects were arrested, and crude oil and diesel worth 420 billion naira ($1.3 billion) was confiscated. The military shut down around 50 bush refineries in the first few weeks of 2017.
Tensions remain in the Niger Delta where an uneasy peace is being kept as the government holds talks with local communities, including militants whose attacks cut Nigeria's oil production by as much as a third last year.
Crude oil sales provide two-thirds of government revenue.
Africa's largest economy fell into recession in 2016 for the first time in 25 years, largely due to low oil prices and the impact of militant attacks.
(Reporting by Tife Owolabi,; writing by Alexis Akwagyiram; editing by Susan Fenton)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt has signed a proposed rule that would restrict the types of scientific studies regulators can use to determine the impact of pesticide and pollution exposure on human health.
Pruitt says the change would increase transparency in the agency's decision-making by requiring all underlying data used in scientific studies to be made publicly available.
Critics, including former EPA administrators and scientists, say Pruitt's move is designed to restrict the agency from citing peer-reviewed public-health studies that use patient medical records required to be kept confidential under patient privacy laws.
The embattled EPA administrator signed the proposed order at EPA headquarters Tuesday in an event that was livestreamed on the agency's website but not open to press coverage.
April 5 U.S. stocks opened higher on Wednesday after solid private employment data underscored the strength of the economy, boosted financials stocks and helped soothe worries about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on their policy plans.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 84.62 points, or 0.41 percent, at 20,773.86, the S&P 500 was up 7.86 points, or 0.33 percent, at 2,368.02 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 13.70 points, or 0.23 percent, at 5,912.30. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
April 12 WH Smith Plc:
* Interim dividend 14.6 penceper share
* HY total group sales were up 2% at £643m (2016: £633m) with group LFL sales flat.
* H1 group profit before tax 83 million stg versus 80 million stg year ago
* HY group profit from trading operations 1 increased by 5% on prior year to £92m (2016: £88m)
* HY group profit before tax increased by 4% to £83m (2016: £80m).
* H1 travel trading profit 39 million stg versus 35 million stg year ago
* H1 high street trading profit 53 million stg versus 53 million stg year ago
* Has declared an interim dividend of 14.6p per share, a 9% increase on last year
* We are on track to open around 15 new travel units in uk this year. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
BEIJING, April 12 China Petroleum Engineering said a subsidiary has won a contract worth $2.52 billion for the construction of a gas processing plant with Russia's NIPI gas.
The project, part of the Power of Siberia pipeline to ship gas from eastern Siberia to China, will process 42 billion cubic metres of gas a year, the company said in a statement to the Shanghai Stock Exchange on Wednesday.
It will take eight years to build and require an estimated total investment of between $15-20 billion, it added.
The Russia-China eastern pipeline is designed to deliver 38 billion cubic metres of gas per year to China over 30 years, with the first deliveries scheduled for 2019. (Reporting by Dominique Patton; Editing by Alison Williams)
A federal judge in Texas issued another crushing blow to President Obama's transgender agenda Saturday: The judge granted a temporary injunction halting federal health officials' efforts to enforce rules that would “likely violate” the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
In a 46-page decision, U.S. District Judge Reed O'Connor sided with the state and ruled that the Obama administration's attempts to tailor health regulations while bolstering trans individuals' rights would “likely violate” the RFRA by placing “substantial pressure on Plaintiffs to perform and cover transition and abortion procedures.” The rule, which was geared toward preventing discrimination against trans persons, failed to persuade O'Connor as they weighed its implementation against the possibility of violating doctors' religious beliefs.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Sony Corp said CEO Kazuo Hirai would be handing over the reins to finance chief Kenichiro Yoshida, while it also hiked its annual profit forecast further to a record that highlights the revival in fortune they have both engineered.
The change in helm, while a major surprise, is expected to go down well with investors who have been pleased with Yoshida's no-nonsense approach to restructuring after they became CFO in 2014.
Once a market leader in consumer electronics, the maker of the Walkman and Trinitron TV fell behind the likes of Apple in innovation after the release of the iPod in 2001 and then the iPhone in 2007. It then also lost out to more nimble Asian rivals in price competition.
Hirai and Yoshida together streamlined Sony's unprofitable electronics businesses and then capitalised on the spread of smartphones with image sensors.
People familiar with the 58-year old Yoshida describe them as a reserved foil to the more flamboyant “Kaz” Hirai, but also a forceful partner who pushed through many controversial changes, including the sale of its Vaio PC division and spinning off its TV business.
Vindicating those measures, Sony quadrupled its profits to mark its best-ever third quarter, helped by robust demand for image sensors as smartphone makers increasingly adopt dual-lens rear cameras, as well as strong sales of gaming software for the PlayStation 4 console.
That prompted the 72-year old company to lift its annual operating profit to 720 billion yen ($6.6 billion) for the year through March, versus a prior forecast of 630 billion yen that would have also been a record high.
Yoshida's next challenge is to make sure Sony keeps up this momentum even after the impact of restructuring and demand for image sensors wear off, analysts said.
“The part where he's still not tested, and we really have to see, is whether or not they can inspire the creative aspect of Sony,” said Macquarie's Damian Thong.
“There's a need to inspire a new generation of engineers who are meant to take Sony technology and Sony know-how to create breakthrough products in new markets, and this is the crucial test that they face,” Thong added.
Yoshida told a news conference Sony needed to become more competitive globally as it is now dwarfed by rival tech companies in terms of market value. The Japanese firm is worth some $63 billion - less than a tenth of Apple's market capitalisation.
“Market value is not everything but if we do use this yardstick, then the world's biggest companies are all technology companies...As Sony is a tech company, I do feel a sense of urgency about this,” they said.
Known for imposing discipline and getting the job done, Yoshida had rattled some parts of the company, including its Hollywood studio business.
Leaked emails from a hack at Sony Pictures show the then CEO of Sony Entertainment, Michael Lynton, confiding to studio co-chair Amy Pascal that they were under “enormous pressure” after Yoshida sought a review of executives' pay.
Yoshida will be taking on the top job at Sony on April 1, replacing Hirai who has been CEO since 2012. Hirai, 57, will stay on as chairperson.
Sony's stock rose nearly 2 percent on Friday while the broader market was down about a percent.
Europe is bracing for the United States to slap restrictions Thursday on imported steel and aluminum, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trade tensions.
Top European officials held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum. But they did not sound optimistic.
"Realistically, I do not think we can hope" to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner.
The United States in March announced tariffs of 25 per cent on steel and 10 per cent on aluminum. But it granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Advertisement
Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, "I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports."
European officials said they expect the United States to announce its final decision Thursday. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war — a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to U.S. President Donald Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term ... One can think about making voters happy by saying: I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see."
But they said that those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Europe is expecting a decision from Trump during the day Thursday, French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said. They pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
If the U.S. goes ahead with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return.
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of U.S. national security.
After meeting with Ross, German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier told reporters that they don't expect a decision soon on foreign cars.
Ross criticised the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," they said. They noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But Germany's Altmaier insisted that the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organisation to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organisation and other organisations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," they said.
Ross and Lighthizer seem like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
The OECD also said persistent high oil prices could push up inflation and push down household incomes. After a first-quarter slowdown, the agency slightly revised down its forecast for world growth this year to 3.8 per cent, with 3.9 per cent expected next year.
- AP
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
The Queensland Teachers' Union and the Independent Education Union have spoken of terrifying incidents at schools, including students throwing chairs at teachers and stalking.
The Queensland Teachers' Union and the Independent Education Union have spoken of terrifying incidents at schools, including students throwing chairs at teachers and stalking.
PHYSICAL attacks on teachers by students in Queensland schoolyards are on the rise, with shocking data revealing nearly 400 workers compensation claims related to assaults or exposure to violence were lodged in less than a year.
Latest WorkCover data, obtained by The Courier-Mail, show public school staff submitted 359 claims between July 1, 2017, and June 15 this year over assault or exposure to violence.
This was an increase of 55 incidents reported during the previous financial year.
Some 229 claims were made by teachers with 130 claims made by other staff.
The Queensland Teachers' Union and the Independent Education Union have spoken of terrifying incidents at schools, including students throwing chairs at teachers and stalking.
Both the Queensland Teachers' Union and the Independent Education Union have warned of terrifying incidents at schools, including students throwing chairs at teachers and stalking.
"We've had incidents where teachers have been punched by students, where students have tackled teachers to have access to their FOB keys that give them access to different areas," QUT deputy general secretary Kate Ruttiman said.
"We've also had incidents where students have … thrown things hidden under desks."
An Education Department spokesperson said the department took a zero tolerance approach to violence in any form and "fully supports staff in reporting incidences".
They said principals were responsible for "the good order and management of their schools" and had a range of statutory powers they could use to discipline bad behaviour and protect staff and students.
"This includes the power to suspend and exclude students and to ban hostile persons from the school premises," they said.
Public school staff submitted 359 claims between July 1, 2017, and June 15 this year over assault or exposure to violence.
The spokesperson said the department's workforce had grown by about 1000 extra staff in recent years.
Independent Education Union of Australia's Paul Giles said it was concerning that teachers did not feel they could work in a safe environment.
"Fortunately, assaults on teachers are rare however, even one case of harassment or abuse of teachers is too many," they said.
"Our union has had cases of stalking of teachers by students and parents.
"We have recently had a member who was struck in the head with a chair by a student after giving a verbal direction.
"The onus is also on the community to respect and support the profession as teachers are tasked with educating their children."
Education Minister Grace Grace said any assaults on teachers were unacceptable.
"While the increase in incidents and claims may be attributed to an increase in teacher and student numbers, along with the introduction of anti-violence awareness programs - there is certainly no place for violence in our schools," they said.
"The health, safety and wellbeing of our teachers and staff is paramount and we will continue to provide them with required support."
SYDNEY May 2 Australia's Murray Goulburn on Tuesday abandoned its push into high-valued dairy products for Asian consumers and signalled big writedowns, lopping more than 15 percent off its shares.
Newly installed CEO Ari Mervis said the country's largest dairy processor would not go ahead with a planned investment in high-margin nutritional and dairy drinks, marking an abrupt shift for a company that was relying on premium products to drive returns.
"These have been difficult decisions to make, however, they are necessary steps to ensure the future strength and competitiveness of Murray Goulburn," Mervis said in a statement.
Murray Goulburn also said it would close three manufacturing plants and forgive debt owed to the company as part of a financial assistance package issued late last year to farmers.
Shares in Murray Goulburn's publicly traded MG Unit Trust posted their biggest one-day loss in a year after the dairy processor said it expected financial writedowns of A$410 million ($309 million) as a result of the changes.
MG Unit Trust was trading down 11 percent at $0.92 at 03016 GMT at a seven-week low.
"The announcement represents a major reset of Murray Goulburn," said Michael Harvey, a dairy analyst at Rabobank.
"It signals that Murray Goulburn is still very much in recovery and that process may take several years."
The company had previously adopted a strategy of paying above market rates to secure sufficient milk supplies, but fell to a half-year loss in February of nearly A$32 million after soft Chinese demand for its high-margin products.
The latest financial writedowns come just days after Australia's competition regulator said it would take legal action against Murray Goulburn, alleging the company did not inform its farmers early enough that its strategy was failing.
In April 2016, Murray Goulburn cut the price it paid suppliers by 20 percent in a move that angered farmers, who said the cut came so late in the season that they had little chance but to continue producing at a loss. ($1 = 1.3261 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Colin Packham; Editing by Richard Pullin)
WELLINGTON May 3 New Zealand's competition regulator said on Wednesday it had declined NZME's takeover of Fairfax's New Zealand unit, saying the proposed merger would not benefit the public.
"This merger would concentrate media ownership and influence to an unprecedented extent for a well-established modern liberal democracy," the Commerce Commission chairperson Chairman Mark Berry said in a statement.
Under the proposed deal, NZME, owned by Australian media company APN News & Media, would have paid NZ$55 million ($38.01 million) for Fairfax's New Zealand operations. It would also have issued new shares to allow Fairfax to hold a 41 percent share in the new listed entity.
($1 = 1.4472 New Zealand dollars) (Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
March 31 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** In separate announcements this week, BCE Inc and Rogers Communications underscored investments they're making to support download speeds of one gigabit per second – the new frontier in high-speed internet, crucial for the growing number of connected devices, data-hungry applications and advanced television platforms. tgam.ca/2oopgBp
** Toronto-Dominion Bank's chief executive officer sought to reassure investors that the bank does not have "a widespread problem" with aggressive sales practices, even as the bank enlists outside advice to help steer an ongoing internal review. tgam.ca/2ooBEBF
** A mix of government and business leaders joined together on Thursday to announce the launch of a new research hub devoted to the study and application of artificial intelligence, a branch of computer science that many believe is poised to revolutionize everything from education to the global economy. tgam.ca/2oosoNN
** A special prosecutor will assist the Royal Canadian Mounted Police with its investigation into political contributions in British Columbia, a probe launched after a Globe and Mail investigation into BC Liberal fundraising. tgam.ca/2oogTFY
NATIONAL POST
** Ford Motor Co hired 400 of BlackBerry Ltd's mobile engineers to develop connected car technology, an employment transfer agreed upon as part of a significant partnership announced last fall. bit.ly/2ooczGN
** Natural resources minister Jim Carr on Thursday downplayed U.S. enthusiasm for a border-adjustment tax on Canadian imports, adding that talks with the Trump administration are a "work in progress". bit.ly/2oou7T3
** Despite two years of layoffs and heavy cost cutting, jobs in the Canadian energy sector continue to be at the mercy of price swings, says a new report that warns 8,700 more jobs could be lost if prices drop below $50 per barrel for a sustained period. bit.ly/2oohlUG (Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru)
* French government bond yield touches four-month low
* Further falls expected if centrist Macron wins TV debate
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Updates prices)
By John Geddie
LONDON, May 3 A televised debate between France's presidential rivals on Wednesday could raise expectations for many investors that centrist Emmanuel Macron will defeat far-right eurosceptic Marine Le Pen at a weekend run-off election.
French government bond yields fell to their lowest in four months in trading ahead of the evening debate, while the gap to German bond yields, a closely-watched gauge of political risk, held near its narrowest point since December, and the euro held near its highest in six months ahead.
Analysts said markets could rally further if Macron, who already holds a 20 point lead over Le Pen in the polls with just four days to go before the vote, wins Wednesday's encounter.
"We think European government bond markets could be tempted to start pricing a Macron victory in the last days of the week but this is likely to wait at least until the outcome of the debate tonight," said Peter Chatwell, Mizuho's head of euro rates strategy.
Though Le Pen appears to have a mountain to climb to catch Macron, the 2017 campaign for the French presidency has been packed with surprises, the exchanges between the two have sharpened markedly and Le Pen has shown they are capable of catching them out with clever public relations manoeuvring.
Macron warned they would not pull their punches on Wednesday against their National Front rival whose policies - which include ditching the euro currency and impose sharp curbs on immigration - they says are dangerous for France.
Macron finished only three points ahead of Le Pen in the election's first round on April 23, but they are widely expected now to pick the bulk of votes from the Socialists and the centre-right whose candidates were eliminated.
BAKED IN
"Even if Le Pen has a fantastic debate I don't think they are going to be able to cover that wider gap (in the polls)," said Iain Stealey, a portfolio manager at JPMorgan Asset Management, adding that a Macron victory was "baked into" market pricing.
French 10-year bond yields fell 3 basis points at one stage on Wednesday to 0.72 percent, its lowest level seen since Jan. 3.
Yields on other low-rated euro zone bonds, which had previously been shaken by French election risks, also fell: Spanish and Italian 10-year borrowing costs dropped by 4 bps each and the Portuguese equivalent by as much as 9 bps.
The gap between French and Europe's benchmark German 10-year yield stood at 41 bps, near levels last seen in December.
Some analysts are expecting further tightening of as much as 10 bps if Macron triumphs in the May 7 run-off. But if investors are convinced after Wednesday's debate, some of the tightening may come in the last few trading days before the election.
"If Le Pen fails to perform unambiguously better than their liberal rival (at the debate), this crossing of swords could already decide the battle in Macron's favour," DZ Bank strategist Daniel Lenz said.
Aside from the French election, investors will also be keeping an eye on a meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve at which it may hint it is on track for a rate hike in June.
The U.S. central bank was scheduled to release its policy decision at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) at the conclusion of its two-day meeting. Fed Chair Janet Yellen is not due to hold a news conference, however.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Additional reporting by Richard Balmforth; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
March 30 OFS Capital Corp
* Has priced an underwritten offering of 3.5 million shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $14.57 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
AUGUSTA, GA. (WJBF)-The Transportation Security Administration is rolling out new security measures ahead of the holiday travel season. New screening measures have now gone into effect for airports across the country. To protect the safety of all airline passengers, TSA will require that all electronics larger than a cell phone be removed from all carry on luggage. Items will now be required to be placed into separate bins for x-ray scanning. TSA officers will be located at the entrance of every check point to assist travelers with arranging their carry on items under the new security measures. Because passengers may experience longer wait times, Airport officials are asking that passengers plan ahead.
“Staff have already been trained on the new processes. So we're hopeful that it will be a smooth transition, but with it being a new process we're just asking everybody to get here two hours prior to their departure time just to a lot for the change,” Lauren Smith said.
The new security measures do not apply to passengers that have enrolled in TSA pre-check lanes. The changes will be introduced starting on Monday, December 12th and will become mandatory for all airline passengers in January 2018.
FILE PHOTO - Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for the National Front in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardie region, reacts after results in the second-round the regional elections are announced in Henin-Beaumont, France, December 13, 2015. REUTERS/Yves Herman/File Photo
PARIS French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen renewed their attack on the European Union's euro single currency on Sunday, a day after saying that ditching it might not be their top priority.
The National Front (FN) candidate has a week to overturn the opinion poll lead of pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron before the run-off vote between the two on May 7.
Voter surveys show Macron winning next Sunday with 59-60 percent of the vote, and Le Pen's plans to quit the EU and the euro are among the least popular policies in their protectionist, anti-immigration electoral platform.
Analysts were not surprised on Saturday, therefore, when a new FN policy document pushed ditching the euro down the list of their priorities. They said it was in part aimed at older voters who might be worried about the potential impact on the value of their pensions of a return to the franc.
"She needs the votes of the over 60s who are terrified by the prospect of a euro exit," said Saxo Bank economist Christopher Dembik.
"This is a return to reality. The euro exit is pushed far into the future."
FN policy coordinator Jean Messiha concurred. "There was this fear expressed by a certain number of French people that Marine has understood," they told Reuters.
Despite the softening in their stance though, Le Pen made clear in a video published on newspaper Le Parisien's website on Sunday that they were still intent on leaving the euro eventually.
They have repeatedly blamed the single currency for high unemployment in France, calling it a tool for Germany to subjugate other countries and saying that the rest of Europe had started to recognise this too.
"I think the euro is dead," they said in the video. "The euro isn't viable, everyone has been saying it for years."
Le Pen went on to say that the euro's likely demise was evident in signs that the European Central Bank (ECB) might soon start reducing the amount of money it pumps into the system through quantitative easing.
They did not explain the logic, which is at odds with the reasoning of economists and the ECB officials who say the expansionary monetary policy could end because the risks of deflation to the euro zone economy have retreated.
But they continued, "Do we wait for chaos? Do we wait for financial panic? Or do we get together among countries so that we can extricate ourselves from an experience that has been a failure?"
EUROPEAN COMMON CURRENCY
Le Pen has said that in government they would enter talks about radical change to the EU's institutions, including reversing out of the currency union to re-establish national central banks and currencies.
They would then, after six months, call a referendum on France's future in the EU, recommending a 'Frexit' should they be unsatisfied with the outcome of the talks.
Messiha confirmed on Sunday that the six-month timetable was intact.
As well as softening on the euro exit timetable, Saturday's policy document also raised the prospect of a transitional period similar to that used in preparation for monetary union, envisaging the 'European common currency' regime which Le Pen has talked about before.
"The transition from the single currency to the European common currency is not a pre-requisite of all economic policy, the timetable will adapt to the immediate priorities and challenges facing the French government," the statement said.
"Everything will be done to ensure an orderly transition ... and the coordinated construction of the right for each country to control its own currency and its central bank."
Analysts say it is fanciful to try to reverse engineer the euro zone or undertake a 'Frexit' without expecting a severe upheaval, and that the resilience of markets after Britain's vote to leave the EU and Donald Trump's election as president of the United States were no comfort.
"They (the FN) forget that these are two countries which have their own currency, which were not getting out of a single currency," said economist Ludovic Subran of Euler Hermes.
Le Pen also faces constitutional barriers to Frexit even if they do become president, because they are expected to fall well short of a parliamentary majority in June's legislative elections.
EU membership is written into France's constitution and a move to change it would require first the approval of both the National Assembly and the Senate and then either a referendum, or approval from a three-fifths majority in Congress - a combined sitting of both houses of parliament.
(Additional reporting by Matthias Blamont, Yves Clarisse, and Simon Carraud; Writing by Andrew Callus; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
March 29 Guerbet SA:
* FY net income 28.9 million euros ($31.2 million) versus 39.9 million euros year ago
* FY operating income 54.6 million euros versus 56.2 million euros year ago
* Will propose a dividend of 0.85 euro per share, up 30 percent
* Slight growth in revenue expected in 2017 at constant exchange rates
* 2017 EBITDA should grow faster than revenue
* Guerbet should be able to carry on lowering its debt ratio in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9252 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
WASHINGTON FBI Director James Comey concurred with a Democratic lawmaker on Wednesday that citizenship alone is not a reliable indicator of the "terror threat" a person may pose to the United States, a rebuke of President Donald Trump's executive order banning travel from several Muslim-majority countries.
"Most of the people that I talked about that we have open cases on are American citizens," Comey told a U.S. Senate panel, agreeing with Senator Patrick Leahy that citizenship does not determine a person's intentions.
Trump's restrictions on visa issuance to citizens of Syria, Iran, Libya, Yemen, Sudan and Somalia is on hold by federal court order.
(Reporting by Julia Edwards Ainsley; editing by Grant McCool)
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Some troopers with the Indiana State Police are celebrating Valentine's Day with new patrol cars.
ISP issued 54 troopers their cars this morning at the ISP museum.
The troopers are from the 76th recruit academy.
The troopers are now set to start their solo patrols in their assigned districts.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
PARIS (Reuters) - Neymar lived up to expectations as they showed their class on their Ligue 1 debut on Sunday, scoring one and setting up another goal in Paris St Germain's 3-0 win at En Avant Guingamp.
The Brazilian, who joined PSG for a record-shattering 222 million euros (202 million pounds) from Barcelona this month, found Edinson Cavani with a perfectly-timed, defence-splitting pass after the break and the Uruguay striker added to Jordan Ikoko's own goal.
Cavani returned the favour with a perfect cut back and Neymar poked the ball home eight minutes from time.
The record attendance at the tiny Roudourou stadium was broken as 18,378 fans attended the much-anticipated debut of the Brazil forward.
Neymar regularly made themselves available and their neat passing in small spaces gave PSG several chances, their relationship with Cavani looking particularly promising.
In the 35th minute, they scooped a delicate cross above the defence but Marquinhos's header crashed onto the bar.
Karl-Johan Johnsson then tipped Cavani's free kick over their bar as Guingamp held firm.
Soccer Football - Ligue 1 - Guingamp vs Paris St Germain - Guingamp, France - August 13, 2017 Paris Saint-Germain's Neymar Benoit Tessier
Neymar continued to treat the crowd to some delicate turns, but it was a rookie mistake that put the visitors ahead seven minutes into the second half, when Ikoko's pass back to their keeper ended up in the net.
The Brazilian was more decisive on the next goal as they set up Cavani, the Uruguayan scoring with a low shot after they collected their new teammate's long pass in the 62nd minute.
Twenty minutes later, Neymar was at the receiving end of Cavani's work to wrap a near-perfect debut.
Slideshow (5 Images)
PSG are second on six points, behind Olympique Lyonnais on goals scored with Monaco, who thrashed Dijon 4-1 away earlier on Sunday, in third place also on six points.
Despite Monaco fans' concerns that French prodigy Kylian Mbappe might be leaving, they know they can still trust Radamel Falcao after the Colombian striker hit a treble.
France international Mbappe was left on the bench amid speculation that they want to join PSG but they were not needed as Monaco equalled the record of 14 consecutive wins in the French league.
Falcao scored twice before the break and once after to take their tally to four goals in two games while Jemerson netted another.
Earlier, Lille were beaten 3-0 at promoted RC Strasbourg, conceding all three goals after striker Nicolas de Preville took over as goalkeeper following the sending off of Mike Maignan in the 63rd minute.
March 29 The southern Michigan headquarters of food producer Kellogg Co were evacuated and nearly two dozen people were transported to hospital for treatment due to a Freon leak on Wednesday, fire and company officials said.
The leak occurred on the fifth floor of Kellogg's headquarters in downtown Battle Creek, Michigan, some 120 miles (190 km) west of Detroit at around 10:40 a.m. local time, the Battle Creek Fire Department said in a statement. The leak occurred in the north tower of the building, the company said in a statement.
A couple hundred people were evacuated from the building and 23 people were transported to two local hospitals, some with difficulty breathing, the fire department said. Other employees were relocated to the south side of the building from the north side where the leak occurred.
Fire officials shut off the Freon, a refrigerant used for cooling, and the building was declared clear by the fire department at around 1:40 p.m.
All employees have been released from the hospital and the building is now safe, Kellogg said.
The company produces a number of popular food brands including Corn Flakes cereal and Cheez-It crackers. (Reporting by Timothy Mclaughlin in Chicago; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
(Changes slug, no change to story)
April 2 Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has not ruled out a Premier League title push ahead of a showdown with leaders Chelsea next week after their side had to settle for a 2-2 draw at Arsenal on Sunday where the hosts twice came from behind.
City's point moves them on to 58 after 29 matches, 11 behind Chelsea, whose previously relentless title pursuit was halted with a surprise 2-1 home defeat by Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Second-placed Tottenham Hotspur look most likely to benefit from the leaders' slip up but Guardiola's side know they can close the gap to eight points with a win at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday.
"Anything can happen," the Spaniard told Sky Sports. "We know what we have to do against Chelsea. We'll head back up to Manchester to prepare, and then head back down to London.
"We play against a team who are stable in what they do," they added. "We don't have too much time to prepare."
City led Arsenal through Sane's opener and then Sergio Aguero's sharp finish but the hosts twice fought back and rescued a point through Theo Walcott and Shkodran Mustafi.
Midfielder Fernandinho was optimistic that Chelsea, who beat City 3-1 away in December, can be pegged back.
"The Premier League is still open," they said. "We have a tough game at Chelsea away, and to be close to them we have to win that game. We showed we came here to win the game. It was a missed opportunity." (Reporting by Ed Dove; editing by Ken Ferris)
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, arrives on stage with their wife Brigitte Trogneux to deliver a speech at the Parc des Expositions hall in Paris after early results in the first... REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
PARIS French centrist Emmanuel Macron is set to be elected president in a May 7 runoff with nearly two thirds of the vote, said two polls conducted on Sunday, after early projections indicated they had qualified along with far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
A Harris Interactive poll for M6 television found that 64 percent of those surveyed would vote for the former economy minister while 36 percent were seen voting for Le Pen.
Meanwhile, an Ipsos Sopra Steria poll for France Televisions said Macron was seen winning 62 percent of the vote to 38 percent for Le Pen.
(Reporting by Bate Felix and Sudip Kar-Gupta; Writing by Leigh Thomas)
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
The Borussia Dortmund team bus is seen after an explosion near their hotel before their Champions League quarter-final first leg game against AS Monaco in Dortmund, Germany. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/Livepic
BERLIN German prosecutors have doubts about the authenticity of letters that suggested Islamist militants attacked soccer team Borussia Dortmund's bus and a newspaper cited an investigator as saying right-wing extremists were probably behind the bomb attack.
Three identical letters printed in German found near the scene of Tuesday's attack in Dortmund had stated it was carried out "in the name of Allah", broadcaster ARD reported, citing other media. The letters referred to the use of Tornado reconnaissance planes in Syria, which Germany has deployed as part of the military campaign against Islamic State.
But a report commissioned by investigators said there were "significant doubts" about the letters and suggested they had been written to trick people into thinking there was an Islamist militant motive, ARD added.
"That's accurate," Frauke Koehler, a spokesperson for the federal public prosecutor's office, said when asked to comment on the ARD report.
"It is indeed doubtful," they said of the letters.
Asked why there were doubts, they said they could not give any more information as the investigation was ongoing.
Bild newspaper cited an investigator as saying: "The overall circumstances lead us to believe it's most likely that the perpetrators have a right-wing background."
Koehler declined to comment on that report.
German newspaper Tagesspiegel said on its website on Friday it had received an anonymous far-right email claiming responsibility for Tuesday's attack. It said the email referred to Adolf Hitler, railed against multiculturalism and suggested another attack might occur on April 22.
Koehler said prosecutors had received a copy of the letter but they could not comment further.
The Borussia Dortmund players' bus was heading to their stadium for a Champions League match against AS Monaco on Tuesday when three explosions occurred, injuring Spanish defender Marc Bartra.
Experts have been expressing scepticism for days about the origins of the letters claiming responsibility. Security sources have said investigators are looking at whether left or right-wing extremists may have carried out the attack.
A day after the attack, the interior minister of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia described the letters as "unusual".
(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Editing by Alison Williams)
(Repeats to additional subscribers with no changes to text)
* 10-year bond yield sees the biggest rise since pvs policy on Feb. 8
* Rupee at strongest level since August 2015
* Likely OMOs, reverse repo rate hike hurt sentiment for debt
MUMBAI, April 6 Indian bond yields on Thursday saw their biggest spike in two months, while the rupee hit a 20-month high against the dollar, after the central bank kept its policy rate on hold and said it was preparing to drain liquidity from the banking system.
The Reserve Bank of India left the repo rate at 6.25 percent as widely expected, in line with other Asian central banks that have held rates this month.
But the RBI raised the reverse repo rate - or what banks get for deposits at the RBI - by 25 basis points to 6.00 percent. The move should reduce volatility in money market rates which track the difference between those two rates, as well as encourage banks to park their funds with RBI.
That could be a precursor to drain liquidity, with the RBI saying it could undertake measures including additional treasury bill sales, or outright bond sales via open market operations.
Those steps would come at a time when cash in the banking system has soared to around 4 trillion rupees ($61.59 billion), after the government removed higher-value banknotes from circulation in November.
"The market was expecting a neutral to dovish stance but the policy was slightly hawkish," said Harish Agarwal, a fixed income trader with First Rand Bank. "The increase in the reverse repo rate and possibility of more open market operations are all together weighing on the market."
The benchmark 10-year bond yield rose 12 basis points to 6.77 percent, its biggest single-day rise since the previous RBI policy on Feb. 8.
The rupee strengthened to 64.50, its strongest level against the dollar in 20 months, from its close of 64.88/89 on Wednesday.
Shares, however, ended flat.
Since the RBI unexpectedly changed its policy stance to "neutral" from "accommodative" on Feb. 8, the 10-year bond yield has risen 34 bps.
But the rupee has surged on expectations on India's stance on interest rates, which is helping attract foreign investments at a time when the U.S. Federal Reserve tightens policy.
India has attracted a net $8.85 billion in foreign investments into debt and equities in March, the highest monthly amount since at least 2002.
Some analysts even say the central bank could move to hike rates.
"Although we expect RBI to remain on hold for some time, there is an increased likelihood that the next rate move, whenever it materialises, will be a rate hike," said Arvind Chari, head of fixed income and alternatives at Quantum Advisors. (Reporting by Swati Bhat)
MANCHESTER, England, April 20 Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho fears the injuries suffered by striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic and defender Marcos Rojo are serious and could result in lengthy absences from the team.
Both were substituted with knee injuries during United's Europa League extra-time win over Anderlecht on Thursday.
"I want to wait," Mourinho said when asked about the injury status of the duo.
"But my feeling is not good for both. I want to wait and to be optimistic but I am not," Mourinho told reporters.
Ibrahimovic is United's top scorer this season, with 17 goals in the Premier League, while Rojo has established themselves at the heart of United's defence.
Mourinho is currently without two other central defenders, Chris Smalling and Phil Jones, and they urged them to make a special effort to return quickly from injury.
“We have Daley Blind who has experience in the position and I think it is time for Jones and Smalling to be brave and to risk because for the team you have to do everything, that is the way I think.
"You cannot do miracles, so miracles I don't expect but you have to do everything to accelerate the process... with a special spirit you can (come back) sooner than expected. So instead of coming mid-May you can come beginning May -- this kind of acceleration of the process," they said.
Mourinho also had words of praise for left back Luke Shaw, who they have publicly criticised in the past.
"Luke Shaw today did something for me new that means a lot to me. After 90 minutes, before I knew that I have to change Zlatan, I had Ashley Young ready to come on and (Luke) told me, 'I am going to play these 30 minutes with cramps. No problem if you need to make a change in another position do it because I am ready for it.'
"These are the kind of things that make me trust players," they said. (Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Toby Davis)
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Isle of Man Steam Packet Company has launched a public consultation as it considers operating services to and from the Port of Larne to help boost visitor and other traffic.
The ferry company currently operates into Albert Quay, Belfast, but is investigating the merits of relocating to Larne, which could provide a service for heavier vehicles such as vans, motor homes, coaches and freight that cannot be accommodated through Belfast.
A professional research company has been engaged to conduct a public survey, to which it is hoped people who have used the Douglas-Belfast route will respond.
The survey, which is open to all, is available online, with links shared from the Steam Packet Company's social media channels and shared directly with some customers who have used the route.
It can be viewed at www.islandglobalresearch.com/steampacketsurvey and is expected to run for three weeks.
Isle of Man Steam Packet Company Chief Executive Mark Woodward said: “We constantly review our routes to ensure the best passenger experience possible is offered. We have identified that Larne could deliver an enhanced service compared with the Belfast facilities, but we want to know what our passengers think.
“We would like anyone who has used the route, or might intend to, to share their views. We want to hear all opinions on Albert Quay and Larne, good and bad, as passenger feedback will be a central factor in the final decision.
Larne Port offers passenger facilities including a coffee shop, newsagents, cash machine and car parking, and is adjacent to a range of restaurants, shops and a supermarket.
There are bus, coach and train services operated from the port for ongoing travel across Northern Ireland and into Ireland. The port is also well connected to the Causeway Coast and to the A8, a major route which gives easy access to the Northern Irish road network, including the M2 motorway.
This year both Ben-my-Chree and fast craft Manannan have visited Larne to ensure the berthing facilities are suitable for both vessels.
Relocating Belfast services to Larne would lead to reduced sailing times between Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man, as well as allowing some schedules to be revised to offer more convenient departure timings from Douglas.
The company says that “importantly, Larne's dedicated harbour facilities would allow for much larger vehicles to be accommodated than can use the linkspan at Albert Quay”.
Mr Woodward continued: “The type of vehicle traffic we can carry on the Northern Ireland route is restricted by the facilities in Belfast. At Larne, we would be able to look at opening up travel for larger vans, motorhomes and coaches, which could help boost tourism to the Isle of Man as well as being a benefit to Island residents.
“We would also be able to look at providing new freight capability between Douglas and Northern Ireland, which could be a boost for businesses too.
“We believe operating through Larne could offer real benefits to passengers, the visitor economy and our freight customers, but any change has advantages and disadvantages, so we would invite customers to complete the short survey and let us know their thoughts.”
April 28 Moody's on Argentina
* Moody's - Argentina's (b3 positive) sub-sovereigns on track to record modest gross operating surpluses in next 2 yrs, as stronger economy helps support their revenue
* Moody's says expects a pick-up in real GDP growth of 3% in Argentina for 2017 and 2018
* Moody's says although expects Argentina's economy to return to growth, only anticipate modest improvement in fiscal results for sub sovereign issuers Source text for Eikon:
Photo: AFP
Bloemfontein: Openers Aiden Markram and Dean Elgar made centuries as South Africa again punished Bangladesh's decision to bowl first to race to 428-3 on the opening day of the second test on Friday.
Markram made 143 and Elgar 113 and they had a 243-run opening stand. Hashim Amla and captain Faf du Plessis pressed home South Africa's advantage with an unbroken 140-run stand for the fourth wicket to take the Proteas to stumps at Mangaung Oval.
Amla was 89 not out, Du Plessis 62 not out, and South Africa was eyeing a score in excess of 500 in double-quick time. South Africa scored at nearly five runs an over on the first day and racked up 126 runs in the first session, 130 in the second, and 172 after tea.
Bangladesh's bowlers again looked lost, and captain Mushfiqur Rahim's decision to put South Africa in again appeared to be a woeful error.
The second test was shaping up to be a repeat of the first, when Bangladesh misread the pitch, put South Africa in to bat, and the South Africans made 496-3 declared in their first innings on the way to a comfortable victory.
Bangladesh dropped three bowlers after that first-test defeat but the new guys didn't fare any better. Subashis Roy, one of the three called in, returned the best figures with their 2-85. That included the wicket of Elgar, but only after South Africa's openers put their team in complete control.
Elgar made a second century in two tests after their 199 in that big first-innings score in the first game. Markram, out for 97 on debut in the first test, did complete a maiden test hundred this time in Bloemfontein.
Elgar has five centuries in 2017 and is the leading scorer in test cricket this year with more than 1,000 runs. They and Markram have put on two big opening partnerships in their first two tests playing together, 196 in the opening game and the double-century stand on Friday.
Elgar fell to a short-ball tactic that Bangladesh persevered with through most of the day, and ultimately had success with. Subashis banged in a short one, Elgar went for a hook, and was caught at backward square leg by Mustafizur Rahman.
The touring bowlers reverted to the short stuff after getting little out of the pitch early on. They were also wayward, conceding 58 boundaries in the day.
Rubel Hossain set Markram up with short balls before firing in a yorker to bowl him.
But the South Africans scored at will, with only Temba Bavuma (7) missing out.
Amla, also a century-maker in the first test, hit 12 fours and their 89 came off just 99 deliveries.
Snooker showman Judd Trump believes a self-imposed social media ban can help them land a long-awaited first world title.
The 28-year-old has dialled down the hype this season and, heading into the Betfred World Championship, they were five months into an exile from Twitter and Instagram.
Their mid-match tweets fuelled the buzz that surrounded Trump when they shot to prominence by reaching the 2011 Crucible final.
In their early twenties they described themselves on their Twitter profile as a “part-time snooker player and full-time international playboi”, but two years ago during a match in Sheffield against Ding Junhui they became embroiled in an online row with Welsh cueman Dominic Dale.
Trump took offence at a comment about their technique and fired out a mid-session interval tweet, labelling the veteran Dale “clueless”, before losing four frames in a row to Ding and later the match.
“I think I've just grown up and you try not to take notice of other people's opinions too much,” Trump said.
“A lot of time was spent on it, a little too much, and now I'm able to live my life and not depend on what other people are saying to me.
“I'm the same as any other person my age who's grown up with it, I'd always be checking my phone after every couple of frames and it was just a bit of a hindrance.
“At some point I'll go back on, but at the moment I'm happy standing in the background and seeing what else is going on.
“It was my decision. My manager probably wants me to go back on because maybe it's good to interact with fans, and I possibly will between games, but after what's happened here in the past during games I don't think there'll be any tweets in matches this time.
“It's given me more time to practise and be out there in the moment, and work on myself. I've practised very hard for this event and I'm more than ready.”
A jarring defeat to Rory McLeod in the first round last year may have focused Trump's mind for another world title bid. They start against debutant Chris Wakelin on Wednesday.
“Sometimes in the past I feel like I've enjoyed being around this tournament a bit too much,” Trump told Press Association Sport.
“This time it's important for me not to cherish the moment but to play the tournament.
“A lot of people build it up and for the spectators and fans of snooker it's the biggest event, and everyone associated with snooker loves being here. Sometimes it rubs off on you, and you start to enjoy it as well rather than remembering you're here to do a job.”
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
May 3 Dapai International Holdings Co Ltd
* Group is expected to record net losses after tax for financial performance for Q1 of financial period ended 31 March 2017
* Expected net loss was mainly attributable to lower gross profits and gross profit margins generated Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Cyient Ltd
* Consol march quarter net profit 784 million rupees
* Consensus forecast for march quarter consol profit was 962.9 million rupees
* Consol march quarter total income 9.72 billion rupees
* Consol net profit in March quarter last year was 677 million rupees as per Ind-AS; consol total income was 8.45 billion rupees
* Says recommends final dividend of INR 5 per share Source text - (bit.ly/2o6RofK) Further company coverage:
May 2 Eltel Ab
* Eltel discontinues unprofitable power transmission business outside of Europe
* Board of directors today decided to discontinue unprofitable business of power transmission projects outside of europe
* Majority of cost is expected to occur in 2017 and remainder in 2018
* Decision to discontinue means Eltel will complete ongoing customer projects, but will not initiate any new projects
* Is expected to have left african market and discontinued all parts of power transmission international during first half of 2019
* Possibility to sell power transmission international is low
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
BANGKOK, March 30 Thailand's military-appointed assembly approved an amendment to a petroleum law on Thursday which will give companies more options for exploration and production operations.
Currently, oil and gas companies must get a concession to operate in a Thai field. The proposed amendment will add the option of striking production sharing agreements (PSA) or service contracts.
Thailand's Erawan gas concession, operated by Chevron Corp. , and the Bongkot gas concession, operated by state-backed PTTEP Exploration and Production PCL, expire in 2022 and 2023.
The government wanted new arrangements in place before these are concessions were renegotiated.
During the parliamentary session, a contested clause allowing the government to set up a National Oil Company was dropped from the bill. By taking a stake through a national energy company, the government could get a share of the profits from any block while also potentially bearing some of the risk.
Although the majority-state owned PTT Pcl is the biggest shareholder in PTTEP, private shareholders still have a say over its activities and also take some of the profits.
Parliament said the cabinet must set up a committee within 60 days to conduct further studies on how a state company should operate. The study must be completed within one year.
Critics say such a company is not necessary and could be an avenue for corruption. (Reporting by Panarat Thepgumpanat and Patpicha Tanakasempipat; editing by David Clarke)
April 20 Future Retail Ltd
* Says approved segregation of home retail business into Praxis Home Retail via demerger
* Says Praxis Home Retail will issue 1 share to FRL shareholders for every 20 shares of FRL
* Says scheme involves de-merger of e-commerce home retail business from BSPL to PHRPL
* Says scheme involves cancellation of existing paid up share capital of PHRPL
* Says demerger is expected to result in a spin off specialty retail business
* Says listing will seek for PHRPL Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Tanvex BioPharma plans new issuance for working capital supplement
* Says it plans to issue about 23 million new shares of its common stock
FILE PHOTO: A combination of file photos showing Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Novo-Ogaryovo state residence outside Moscow, Russia, January 15, 2016 and U.S. President Donald Trump posing for a photo in New York City, U.S., May 17, 2016. REUTERS/Ivan Sekretarev/Pool/Lucas Jackson/File Photos
MOSCOW Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump will speak by phone on Tuesday, RIA news agency quoted Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov as saying.
Trump will speak with Putin on Tuesday at 12:30 p.m. EDT (1630 GMT), the White House said on Monday night.
A senior Trump administration official said the two leaders would likely discuss the civil war in Syria, where Moscow backs the government of Bashar al-Assad and the United States supports rebels trying to overthrow him.
(Reporting by Jack Stubbs; Writing by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Jack Stubbs)
May 4 Australian shares are likely to open slightly lower on Thursday, extending losses after the biggest one-day fall in nearly five weeks in the previous session, as a weaker Wall Street weighs on the index. Local share price index futures YAPcm1 fell 0.1 percent to 5,871.0, a 21.3-point discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 close on Wednesday. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index was 0.15 percent, or 10.33 points, lower at 7,395.51 at 2224 GMT. For a summary of overnight action across global markets, click on For a digest of the day's business stories in Australian newspapers, click on (Reporting by Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
SYDNEY, April 12 A consortium comprising Australia's Hastings Funds Management and pension fund First State Super agreed to pay A$2.6 billion ($1.95 billion) to run New South Wales state's land registry, the state government said on Wednesday.
The money raised will be invested in infrastructure across New South Wales, the government statement said.
The consortium is made up of 80 percent Australian institutional investors, including First State Super, investment funds from Hastings Funds Management and a 20 percent stake held by the Royal Bank of Scotland Group's pension fund, also managed by Hastings, it added.
"The transition to the new operator is expected to be finalised over the coming months." ($1 = 1.3356 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Tom Westbrook)
A woman stands in front of the logo of Snap Inc. on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) while waiting for Snap Inc. to post their IPO, in New York City, NY, U.S. March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Snapchat-owner Snap fell 1.2 percent on Thursday after rival Instagram, owned by Facebook, said more than 200 million people a day use its Stories feature, which competes against Snapchat.
Snapchat had 161 million daily active users at the end of last year, ahead of Snap's March initial public offer, which was the largest by a technology firm in three years despite decelerating user growth.
Instagram Stories' daily active users announced on Thursday amount to an increase of 33 percent from the 150 million daily active users it had in January.
The Instagram feature, which launched last year, lets users and businesses post a string of photos and videos that disappear after 24 hours, similar to Snapchat.
Facebook last month introduced an update to allow users to tweak photos on their smartphones with visual details like a rainbow or a beard of glitter, also similar to Snapchat.
Snap surged in its public listing but has struggled since then.
The stock on Thursday fell 23 cents to trade at $19.99. It is down 26 percent from a record high close on March 3, but remains up 17 percent from its $17 per share IPO price.
The company on May 10 will announce its quarterly results for the first time as a publicly listed company and is expected on average to have lost $193 million, according to Thomson Reuters data. Snap has warned it may never become profitable.
(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Paul Kerensa admits they will probably be leaving it all to the last minute as they ponder their set for their latest visit to Matt's Comedy Club in Worthing (Connaught Studio, Thursday, March 29, 8pm).
“You see something looming in your diary, and you start thinking ‘I had better define what I am going to be talking about!' But really also it is that attitude that you want the audience to think that you are standing there, making it up as you go along, that the jokes are just pouring out of the top of your head and that it is all fresh for them… and so you leave it to the last minute, and maybe that is actually what is having to happen.
“The show I am doing at the moment is a retelling of the Bible via comic songs and silliness, and Matt's Comedy Club came along and said ‘Great, do your show, but we don't want anything religious.' I thought ‘Ah! But this is actually all about the Bible!' So I might actually have some fun trying to do the whole show without mentioning the Bible. That might be fun.
“I think there is always a certain element of living on your wits as a comedian. I wear so many different hats – I don't mean literally. I do my stand-up, I write for sitcom and I do television, and I have just started doing some radio. And then you end up with eight different deadlines in the same week, and you realise, no, there is nothing like leaving things to the last minute to actually get you to do them!”
Paul has written for various sitcoms, including BBC1 hits Not Going Out and After You've Gone, the award-winning Miranda and sketch shows including Dead Ringers, ITV's Headcases and BBC3's The Wrong Door.
Inevitably Paul's own stand-up will be rather different: “You have to adapt for the people that you are writing for. But the people I have ended up writing for, like Miranda and Lee Mack, are people that tend to have the same sense of humour as me anyway.
“But I do think you have to adapt and be flexible.”
And that's why Paul describes their comedy as open to all. The family-friendly ethos of Matt's Comedy Club in Worthing suits them perfectly.
“I have been doing stand-up for 16 years, and much as I still do pubs and clubs and stags and hens and all sorts of other animals, I have also always enjoyed churches and schools. For me, really it is all about being broad and open.”
He's delighted to be back in Worthing: “It has been nice over the years to come back and revisit Matt's Comedy Club. It has always been a nice one to do. There is a great set-up before you even walk on, and the team behind it, particularly Russ, have always been great at putting together a good show from an audience perspective.”
Support comes from the Jay Foreman, plus the best local acts, all hosted by resident Matt's MC Russ Bravo. Thursday , March 29, 8pm, Connaught Studio. Tickets from Worthing Theatres.
More from Phil on https://www.chichester.co.uk/author/Phil.Hewitt2
See also https://www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/music/idlewild-s-roddy-woomble-on-getting-over-his-mid-life-crisis-1-8418535
March 28 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at stumps on the fourth day in the third and final Test between New Zealand and South Africa on Tuesday in Hamilton, New Zealand South Africa 1st innings 314 (Q. de Kock 90, F. du Plessis 53, H. Amla 50; M. Henry 4-93) New Zealand 1st innings (Overnight: 321-4) T. Latham c de Kock b M. Morkel 50 J. Raval c de Kock b M. Morkel 88 K. Williamson c Philander b M. Morkel 176 N. Broom lbw b Rabada 12 H. Nicholls c de Kock b Rabada 0 M. Santner c Duminy b Rabada 41 B. Watling b Maharaj 24 C. de Grandhomme c de Kock b M. Morkel 57 M. Henry c Elgar b Maharaj 12 J. Patel c de Kock b Rabada 5 N. Wagner not out 0 Extras (lb-12 nb-7 w-5) 24 Total (all out, 162.1 overs) 489 Fall of wickets: 1-83 T. Latham,2-273 J. Raval,3-293 N. Broom,4-293 H. Nicholls,5-381 K. Williamson,6-397 M. Santner,7-443 B. Watling,8-477 M. Henry,9-489 J. Patel,10-489 C. de Grandhomme Bowling V. Philander 33 - 7 - 79 - 0(nb-2) M. Morkel 36.1 - 7 - 100 - 4 K. Rabada 34 - 3 - 122 - 4(nb-1 w-1) K. Maharaj 50 - 8 - 118 - 2 J. Duminy 6 - 0 - 38 - 0 D. Elgar 1 - 0 - 13 - 0 T. Bavuma 2 - 0 - 7 - 0 South Africa 2nd innings D. Elgar c Watling b de Grandhomme 5 T. de Bruyn run out (Williamson, Watling) 12 H. Amla c de Grandhomme b Patel 19 J. Duminy b Patel 13 F. du Plessis not out 15 T. Bavuma c Watling b Henry 1 Q. de Kock not out 15 Extras 0 Total (for 5 wickets, 39 overs) 80 Fall of wickets: 1-13 D. Elgar,2-25 T. de Bruyn,3-49 H. Amla,4-50 J. Duminy,5-59 T. Bavuma To bat: V. Philander, K. Maharaj, M. Morkel, K. Rabada Bowling M. Henry 11 - 4 - 20 - 1 C. de Grandhomme 8 - 5 - 15 - 1 N. Wagner 5 - 0 - 16 - 0 J. Patel 12 - 2 - 22 - 2 M. Santner 3 - 0 - 7 - 0 Referees Umpire: Bruce Oxenford Umpire: Rod Tucker TV umpire: Kumar Dharmasena Match referee: David Boon
May 3 Triangle Capital Corp:
* Triangle Capital Corporation announces significant expansion of its senior credit facility
* Triangle Capital - amended its senior secured credit facility to include, among other things, increase in current commitments from $300 million to $435 million
* Triangle Capital - amended its senior secured credit facility to include, among other things, for extension in maturity by two years to April 30, 2022
* Triangle Capital Corp - interest rate for borrowings under credit facility remains unchanged at LIBOR/CDOR plus 2.75% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 (Reuters) -
* Bank of Canada: we judge the neutral interest rate in canada is lower than we thought previously
* Bank of Canada: this implies while financial conditions are still very supportive of growth, they are somewhat less stimulative now than we judged in Jan
* Bank of Canada: welcomes recent strength in economic data, wants to see more of it in order to be more confident growth is on solid footing
* Bank of Canada: sees stronger household spending as upside risk to inflation in short-term, downside risk over longer term
* Bank of Canada: current pace of housing activity in greater toronto area unlikely to be sustainable, given fundamentals
* Bank of Canada: cannot reliably model possible outcomes of potential U.S. trade policies Further coverage: (Reporting By Leah Schnurr)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 7 Central China Securities Co Ltd
* Proposed issuance of a share convertible corporate bonds under specific mandate
* Total amount of a share convertible corporate bonds proposed to be issued will be not more than rmb2.7 billion
* A share convertible corporate bonds will be issued at par with a nominal value of rmb100 each
* Term of a share convertible corporate bonds will be six years from date of issuance
* Interest on a share convertible corporate bonds will be paid once a year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Football Soccer - Bayern Munich v Arsenal - UEFA Champions League Round of 16 First Leg - Allianz Arena, Munich, Germany - 15/2/17 Bayern Munich's Manuel Neuer warms up before the match Reuters / Michaela Rehle Livepic
BERLIN Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer will miss the club's next two league matches due a training ground injury that required minor surgery, the German champions said on Thursday.
Neuer underwent surgery on a foot injury late on Wednesday, ruling them out of their Bundesliga matches against Augsburg on Saturday and Hoffenheim on Tuesday, Bayern said.
The Bavarians, who are chasing a treble of titles this season, are 13 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with nine games left and are close to a record-extending fifth consecutive league crown.
They also face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-finals next month.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
NEW YORK, April 12 U.S. stocks eased on Wednesday and the S&P 500 closed below a key technical level for the first time since Election Day, pressured by lingering geopolitical concerns and President Donald Trump's comments on the dollar and interest rates
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 61.12 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,590.18, the S&P 500 lost 8.93 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,344.85 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 30.61 points, or 0.52 percent, to 5,836.16. (Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
March 31 Tata Motors Ltd
* Says Tata Motors announces joint venture with Jayem Automotives for special performance vehicles
* Says Tata Motors and Jayem Automotives will work towards performance enhancement and appearance of series vehicles
* JT Special Vehicles will develop range of performance vehicles in phased manner at dedicated line, currently explored at Coimbatore
* Says "special performance vehicles will be targeted to augment the latest product range in our vision to build aspirational cars" Source text: bit.ly/2npAEwa Further company coverage:
April 10 Hurriyet Gazetecilik ve Matbeecilik AS :
* Says some media reports claiming "the Company or Hurriyet Newspaper has been sold" and "Chairman Vuslat Sabanci resigned" don't reflect the reality
* The Board of Directors elected at the Ordinary General Assembly meeting held on March 30, 2017 has not yet assigned a task and Vuslat Sabanci will continue to serve as a "member" in Board of Directors after the assignment of the Board of Directors
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Kayne Anderson Mlp Investment Co:
* ‍AS OF JANUARY 31, 2018, COMPANY‘S NET ASSETS WERE $2.3 BILLION, AND ITS NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE WAS $19.75​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Property For Industry Ltd
* Internalisation Agreement
* Reached a conditional agreement with PFIM Limited (PFIM) to internalise management of PFI
* Internalisation will be accretive to EPS for shareholders
* Greg Reidy, Simon Woodhams and Craig Peirce will continue to act as managing director, general manager and CFO under contracts with PFI
* Internalisation includes payment of NZ$42.0 million to PFIM as consideration for termination of PFI management contract Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ST. PAUL (AP) -- Minnesota has reported its first child death from the flu this season.
The weekly flu report shows a continued increase in flu activity across Minnesota. As of the week ending Jan. 6, the Minnesota Department of Health reports more than 1,700 flu-related hospitalizations, 55 outbreaks of influenza-like illness in long-term care facilities, 43 outbreaks in schools and one pediatric flu death this season.
Health officials say all those indicators point to a potentially severe flu season, and Minnesota may not have seen the peak of the season yet.
BRIEF-Taiji Computer says dividend payment date on June 21
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 2.18 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 20
April 3 Banco Popular Espanol SA:
* Says internal audit detected need of corrections in accounts of previous years which will be included in financial statements of first semester
* Says adjustments "don't affect the financial statements in a significant way"
* Says most of the adjustments would have small impact in 2016 accounts even if affected net worth Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at close of play in the third and final One Day International between Afghanistan and Ireland on Sunday in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates Afghanistan Innings J. Ahmadi c Balbirnie b Murtagh 27 N.A. Zadran b Rankin 9 R. Shah c Rankin b Dockrell 44 A. Stanikzai c McCarthy b Stirling 5 N. Jamal c McCarthy b Dockrell 18 M. Nabi c K. O'Brien b Dockrell 1 G. Naib c N. O'Brien b McCarthy 15 R. Khan c Dockrell b McCarthy 44 S. Shafiq c Rankin b McCarthy 0 S. Zadran c S. Poynter b Dockrell 0 M. Zadran not out 4 Extras (lb-1 w-9) 10 Total (all out, 48.2 overs) 177 Fall of wickets: 1-34 J. Ahmadi,2-36 N.A. Zadran,3-64 A. Stanikzai,4-102 R. Shah,5-106 M. Nabi,6-109 N. Jamal,7-137 G. Naib,8-142 S. Shafiq,9-169 S. Zadran,10-177 R. Khan Bowling T. Murtagh 10 - 0 - 27 - 1 G. Dockrell 9 - 0 - 28 - 4(w-3) B. Rankin 10 - 0 - 41 - 1(w-2) B. McCarthy 9.2 - 0 - 32 - 3(w-2) P. Stirling 5 - 1 - 25 - 1 K. O'Brien 5 - 0 - 23 - 0(w-2) Ireland Innings W. Porterfield b M. Zadran 4 P. Stirling lbw b Khan 101 A. Balbirnie st Shafiq b Nabi 35 N. O'Brien lbw b Khan 5 G. Wilson c sub b Nabi 11 K. O'Brien not out 10 S. Poynter not out 1 Extras (b-4 lb-6 w-3) 13 Total (for 5 wickets, 38 overs) 180 Fall of wickets: 1-29 W. Porterfield,2-91 A. Balbirnie,3-96 N. O'Brien,4-147 G. Wilson,5-170 P. Stirling Did not bat: G. Dockrell, B. McCarthy, T. Murtagh, B. Rankin Bowling S. Zadran 7 - 0 - 71 - 0(w-2) M. Zadran 10 - 1 - 42 - 1 G. Naib 3 - 1 - 12 - 0 R. Khan 9 - 1 - 17 - 2(w-1) M. Nabi 9 - 0 - 28 - 2 Referees Umpire: Izatullah Safi Umpire: Ruchira Palliyaguruge Match referee: Javagal Srinath Result: Ireland won by 5 wickets
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Vaughan Elder
Dunedin's drinking water is potentially contaminated and the city's council has issued a boil water notice.
Much of the city's north, including the CBD, North Dunedin, Leith Valley, Woodhaugh and any area in the central city between the town belt and the harbour is affected.
Water tankers are at the Octagon at 12pm & George Street Normal School at 2pm. Bring your own containers, Do not rinse them using tap water. — Dunedin City Council (@DnCityCouncil) August 15, 2017
The council has activated its emergency operations centre as it races to flush the water from the city's supply. Dunedin Hospital has also activated its emergnecy centre and was relying on water tankers arranged by the council to supply fresh drinking water, council infrastructure and networks general manager Ruth Stokes said.
Advertisement
Eight water tankers have been sent to other parts of the city, including to George St Normal School and Logan Park High School, in the affected area, they said.
Residents will have to boil their water until t omorrow afternoon, but people are already rushing to buy bottled water.
A hospitality worker gets water from a tanker in the Octagon. Photo / Chris Morris, Otago Daily Times A hospitality worker gets water from a tanker in the Octagon. Photo / Chris Morris, Otago Daily Times
Stokes told the Otago Daily Times untreated raw water from the Ross Creek Reservoir may have entered the water network on Sunday, when workers began releasing
water from the reservoir into the Lindsay Creek in preparation for planned work in the area, they said.
People started complaining last night and this morning, prompting an investigation, which found an old pipe - no longer recorded on council plans - below the reservoir.
The Dunedin City Council's boil water notice has resulted in a rush of people buying bottled water. Photo / Louise Frampton, Otago Daily Times The Dunedin City Council's boil water notice has resulted in a rush of people buying bottled water. Photo / Louise Frampton, Otago Daily Times
The pipe connected to the city's drinking supply, allowing raw water back into the network, they said.
The raw water came from a "protected catchment", and would have been diluted as it mixed with the city's treated drinking water supply, but the health risks were not yet known, they said.
"You're basically drinking water that's the equivalent of drinking it straight out of a stream or lake.
By lunch time the shelves at Dunedin central's Countdown were almost empty of bottled water. Photo / David Loughrey, Otago Daily Times By lunch time the shelves at Dunedin central's Countdown were almost empty of bottled water. Photo / David Loughrey, Otago Daily Times
"I can't tell you with any certainty what risks are associated with that water."
The council's boil-water notice has resulted in a rush of people buying bottled water.
By lunch time the shelves at Dunedin central's Countdown were almost empty of bottled water.
A map of areas part of the Dunedin City Council's boil water notice. Graphic / Dunedin Council A map of areas part of the Dunedin City Council's boil water notice. Graphic / Dunedin Council
The University of Otago has texted students warning them to not drink water from the tap.
At least one central Dunedin cafe has stopped serving coffee and other drinks containing tap water.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
FILE PHOTO: Pravin Gordhan, minister of finance of South Africa, attends the World Economic Forum meeting in Davos, Switzerland, January 19, 2017. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich/File Photo
JOHANNESBURG The top six of South Africa's ruling African National Congress party have approved the removal of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan, ANN7 television reported on Tuesday, citing sources.
ANC Secretary-General Gwede Mantashe, one of the ANC's top six, told Reuters they could not comment on the report.
ANN7 also reported that Brian Molefe, ex-head of state utility Eskom, and former finance minister Nhlanhla Nene, were not in the running to replace Gordhan.
(Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg; Writing by Joe Brock; Editing by James Macharia)
April 28 Barclays Africa Group Ltd:
* Our guidance for 2017 is unchanged
* Sees low to mid-single digit loan growth, with CIB growing faster than RBB and South Africa lagging rest of Africa's growth at constant currency
* Net interest margin is expected to decline slightly
* Slower revenue growth is likely to produce negative jaws in near term, despite continued cost containment
* Expect regulatory pressures and strong rand to dampen growth in first half
* Credit loss ratio should improve, in part due to large single name provision in base
* Common equity tier 1 ratio is likely to remain above board targets and our return on equity should be broadly similar to 2016's. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds policymaker comments, background throughout)
By Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Alonso Soto
São Paulo/BRASILIA, April 3 Brazil's banks are prepared to cope with a potential rise in corporate loans in or at risk of default, the central bank said on Monday, a sign effort by lenders to refinance looming debt maturities are slowly easing the country's worst credit crunch in two decades.
In a semi-annual report on banking industry stability, central bank policymakers noted that banks have so-called problematic loans - credit in default or with a high risk of falling in arrears - under control, even if they rose marginally.
Nevertheless, the country's banking system remains highly resilient to an adverse credit event, even under some extreme scenarios, the report said. A series of simulation exercises found that banks could absorb massive default-related losses, albeit at the cost of declining profitability, the report showed.
Brazil's harshest recession on record has prompted banks to reclassify some 160 billion reais ($51 billion) in corporate loans as problematic over the past 18 months, eroding profits as banks struggle with all-time high bankruptcy protection filings.
"The main risks have already materialized," said Anthero Meirelles, the central bank's board member in charge of banking oversight. "Problematic loans may rise marginally, and their reduction will depend on the pace of the economic recovery."
An index tracking shares of Brazil banking and financial firms trading on the São Paulo Stock Exchange gained for the first day in three on Monday, adding 1 percent.
The report also underpinned the view among policymakers that lenders have mitigated the risk of growing financial interdependence between engineering firms, suppliers and services companies involved in "Operation Car Wash," Brazil's sweeping corruption probe.
The probe, focusing on a graft ring in which builders won contracts with state firms through bribery, has caused a number of large firms to enter bankruptcy protection or restructure their liabilities in recent years.
Fallout from the scandal has made it harder for banks to predict trends in defaults amid an uncertain political and economic outlook. Loan defaults hit all-time highs in February, offsetting the benefit of prudent loan-loss provisioning among banks.
Likewise, central bank simulations under stressful scenarios showed that Brazil's banks could absorb any losses stemming from further deterioration in the finances of states and municipalities, Meirelles said.
Currently, regional governments in Brazil are going through a steep cash crunch caused by years of fiscal largesse and a slump in revenues due to the recession.
($1 = 3.1168 reais) (Editing by Andrew Hay and Dan Grebler)
March 30 Tempers flared between Nick Kyrgios and Alexander Zverev late in their Miami Open quarter-final on Thursday when a botched line call and contentious decision by the chair umpire to allow a challenge on the point caused both players to react angrily.
The pivotal moment of the Australian's 6-4 6-7(9) 6-3 triumph came on the first point of the sixth game in the deciding set, when a lob from Germany's Zverev sailed long.
The linesman mistakenly called the ball in and Kyrgios, despite believing it was out, decided to try a low percentage 'tweener' shot between their legs before challenging.
Chair umpire Fergus Murphy allowed the challenge, a decision that former player Brad Gilbert called "wrong" during television coverage, and replays showed the ball was indeed out.
The point was awarded to Kyrgios, which left Zverev seething, the German arguing that the 12th seed should not have been allowed to challenge the call after hitting the ball.
Flustered, they lost the game, which turned out to be the only service break of the set, and Zverev gave Murphy a piece of their mind at the next change over.
"You might cost me the match," they said. "You know that. The decision is absolute crap."
Kyrgios, meanwhile, was not happy either, giving the linesman a verbal spray for missing the call in the first place, but settled down to hold serve and finally clinch victory on their sixth match point, earning a semi-final against Roger Federer. (Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by John O'Brien)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
ESPN NFL draft analyst Todd McShay joined the Shan & RJ show on 105.3 The Fan [KRLD-FM] on Friday at Super Bowl Radio Row in Minnesota to talk all things NFL draft and some Dallas Cowboys. Here are some highlights:
Are there even 19 players in the 2018 draft with first-round grades? (The Cowboys pick 19th.)
McShay: "I think there's about 17, 18. I think this is a draft where it's -- and I feel like we say this every year -- but there's a lot of depth in that second-, third-round range, so moving back wouldn't be the worst thing. It's interesting because usually the quarterbacks are the ones that will bump good players back, but there are four guys that are gonna go by then, all belong there -- they're included in that 18 or 19 players. So, I don't know that Lamar Jackson's gonna wind up moving all the way up or Mason Rudolph. I don't see that, personally, but that's one way to help assure that you're gonna get a good player."
What type of players is they seeing in that 19 range who are fits for the Cowboys?
May 3 The following table updates the assets and registered capital of banks in Vietnam, based on their latest published reports. NOTE: * Updated; unit: billions of dong FULLY STATE-OWNED BANKS MM/YR ASSETS REG CAP Agribank 12-16 1,000,000.00 29,126 #Vietnam Development Bank 12-14 324,526.87 14,159 #Vietnam Bank for Social Policies 12-16 162,400.00 10,696 Dai Duong Bank 06-14 68,783.30 4,000 Global Petro Bank (GP Bank) 09-11 32,000.00 3,018 Construction Bank 12-11 27,171.30 3,000 Co-operative Bank of Vietnam 12-16 27,068.00 3,394 State Bank of Vietnam (SBV) 10,000 NOTES: # are policy lenders * Assets value for Agribank is an estimated figure provided in an Agribank statement PARTLY PRIVATE BANKS: 31 MM/YR ASSETS REG CAP BIDV 03-17 *1,026,251.64 34,187 VietinBank 03-17 *987,383.03 37,234 Vietcombank 03-17 *794,278.97 35,978 Sai Gon Commercial Bank (SCB) 12-16 361,682.37 14,295 Saigon Thuong Tin Bank 03-17 *344,409.24 18,852 Military Bank 03-17 *250,066.01 17,127 Technological & Commercial Bank 03-17 *232,522.12 8,878 Asia Commercial Bank 12-16 233,680.88 9,377 Sai Gon Hanoi Bank 12-16 234,785.82 *11,197 Vietnam Prosperity Bank (VPBank) 12-16 228,770.92 9,181 Lien Viet Post Bank (LPB) 03-17 *138,023.16 6,460 Eximbank 03-17 *132,826.77 12,355 Maritime Bank (MSB) 06-16 114,500.00 11,750 HCMC Development Bank (HDBank) 12-15 102,423.00 8,100 Vietnam Public Bank (PVcomBank) 12-15 98,605.44 9,000 Vietnam International Bank (VIB) 03-17 *105,981.52 5,644 Dong Nam A Bank (SeABank) 06-16 91,595.11 5,466 Tien Phong Bank (TPBank) 09-16 89,507.68 5,842 Dong A Bank (DAB) 12-14 87,108.00 5,000 An Binh Bank (ABBank) 06-16 70,352.54 5,319 Bac A Bank (North Asia Bank) 03-17 *79,519.84 5,000 National Citizen Bank (NCB) 09-16 57,798.58 3,010 Phuong Dong Bank (OCB) 12-16 63,815.09 4,000 Viet A Bank (VAB) 09-16 52,896.61 3,500 Nam A Bank (South Asia Bank) 09-16 39,747.53 3,021 Viet Capital Bank 12-15 29,579.00 3,000 Kien Long Bank 03-17 *32,216.14 3,000 Petrolimex Group Bank (PG Bank) 09-16 23,110.82 3,000 Bao Viet Bank 06-14 20,857.70 3,150 Saigon Cong Thuong Bank (Saigonbank) 09-16 18,210.85 3,080 Vietnam Thuong Tin Bank (Vietbank) 12-12 16,844.70 3,000 FULLY FOREIGN-OWNED BANKS: 8 HSBC Bank (Vietnam) Ltd 12-16 71,138.05 7,528 ANZ Bank (Vietnam) Ltd 12-15 46,097.00 3,000 Shinhan Vietnam Bank Ltd 12-16 54,955.15 4,547 Standard Chartered Bank (Vietnam) Ltd 12-12 24,071.70 3,080 Hong Leong Bank Vietnam Ltd 12-14 7,013.80 3,000 Public Bank Vietnam Ltd 12-16 *13,448.27 3,000 CIMB Vietnam 3,203 Woori Bank Vietnam INVESTMENT BY FOREIGN BANKS/INVESTORS in Vietnamese banks BNP Paribas 20 pct of Oricombank Commonwealth Bank of Australia 20 pct of VIB Malayan Banking Bhd (Maybank) 20 pct of ABBank Société Générale 20 pct of SeABank United Overseas Bank 20 pct of Phuong Nam Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ 19.73 pct of VietinBank HSBC Holdings Plc 19.41 pct of Techcombank Standard Chartered Plc 15.69 pct of ACB Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp 15.07 pct of Eximbank Mizuho Corporate Bank 15.00 pct of Vietcombank International Finance Corporation 4.99 pct of TPBank REGISTERED CAPITAL TARGET (billions of dong) VietinBank 49,209 Vietcombank 35,978 Agribank 31,000 Sacombank 14,852 Eximbank 13,591 Sahabank 11,197 ACB 10,273 Lien Viet Post Bank 9,000 HSBC Bank Vietnam 7,528 SeABank 7,466 Dong A Bank 6,000 VIB 5,500 An Binh Bank 5,320 Bao Viet Bank 5,200 OCB 5,000 NCB 4,510 Viet A 4,200 Nam A/Saigonbank 4,000 Kien Long 3,600 Date 2015 M&A, APPROVED BY SBV Feb. 2 SBV acquires Vietnam Construction Bank March 23 Maritime Bank - Mekong Development Bank March 24 Public Bank Bhd to buy BIDV stake in VID Public Bank April 23 BIDV - Mekong Housing Bank April 25 SBV acquires Dai Duong Bank July 7 SBV takes over GP Bank M&A EXPECTED IN 2015 April 14 VietinBank - PG Bank April 20 Sacombank - Phuong Nam Bank July 10 Siam Commercial Bank to take over Vinasiam Vietnam caps foreign ownership in a domestic bank at 30 percent, with a 15-percent limit for a non-strategic investor. A foreign bank can own 10 percent and a non-bank investor that is not a strategic investor can own 5 percent. The government allows a foreign strategic investor to own 20 percent in a Vietnamese bank. In April 2015, the government said it would issue a decree soon to allow foreigners to own more than 30 percent of a Vietnamese bank. No further decision has been made since. The banking system includes 51 foreign bank branches, two joint venture banks, 16 financial firms and 11 financial leasing companies. There are also nearly 50 foreign bank representative offices. Vietnam, with a population of nearly 93 million, had issued 101.94 million bank cards at the end of March 2016, up 2.4 percent from the end of 2015, SBV data showed. Vietnam allowed nine mergers and acquisitions in 2015 as part of the country's banking sector reform that started in early 2012. ($1=22,740 dong) (Reporting by My Pham; Editing by Sunil Nair)
WEST ALLIS - Police found 40 guns inside a West Allis home, after the man living there was accused of making threats against law enforcement.
Court documents said a man, who is not yet charged, began their bizarre rant on Facebook. A search warrant said, "when they made the post on Facebook, a police officer was parked behind (the suspect's) car."
That post suggested the suspect was close to carrying out their plan and the officer who stopped them was now a target.
They wrote: "That strange point in life where you are preparing to kill a cop as the (expletive) is behind you running your plate is truly exhilarating...I have done NOTHING WRONG and I WILL KILL HIM for Harassing me...This is what Negative Reinforcement and bulling [bullying] brings out (expletive)."
When police later searched the suspect's home and vehicle they found 40 guns, 17,000 rounds of ammunition, more than 100 magazines for firearms and 21 computers.
TODAY'S TMJ4 talked to the man in question, but they had no comment in regards to the post.
Police said their investigation is still open and ongoing.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 Landmark White Ltd-
* Landmark White to acquire mvs national
* Landmark white limited and Mvs National have entered into an agreement under which lmw will acquire 100% of MVS
* Transaction is significantly eps accretive (anticipated at circa 50% increase over full financial year).
* LMW has agreed to acquire 100% of mvs based on a maximum price of 4.5x calendar 2017 ebitda, of which a total of $23.3mln is payable upon completion
* Lmw will fund acquisition through a total capital raising of A$20.5 million
* Conditions in deal include co raising a minimum of $16 million to fund acquisition Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
May 2 Apple Inc:
* Q2 earnings per share $2.10
* Q2 net sales $52.90 billion versus $50.56 billion last year
* Says international sales accounted for 65 percent of the quarter's revenue
* Q2 earnings per share view $2.02, revenue view $53.02 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says board authorized increase of $50 billion to program to return capital to shareholders, extending program timeframe by 4 quarters
* Says under expanded capital return program, plans to spend cumulative total of $300 billion by the end of March 2019
* Says board approved 10.5 percent increase to quarterly dividend, and declared dividend of $0.63 per share of common stock
* Sees Q3 revenue between $43.5 billion and $45.5 billion
* Sees Q3 gross margin between 37.5 percent and 38.5 percent
* Sees Q3 operating expenses between $6.6 billion and $6.7 billion
* Q3 revenue view $45.60 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says board increased share repurchase authorization to $210 billion from the $175 billion level announced a year ago
* Says also expects to continue to net-share-settle vesting restricted stock units
* Q2 iPhone sales 50.8 million units versus 51.2 million units last year
* Q2 greater china revenue $10.73 billion versus $12.49 billion last year
* Q2 iPad sales 8.9 million units versus 10.3 million units last year
* Q2 Mac sales 4.2 million units versus 4 million units last year
* Q2 Mac revenue $5.84 billion versus $5.11 billion last year
* Q2 services revenue $7.04 billion versus $5.99 billion last year
* Q2 other products revenue $2.87 billion versus $2.19 billion last year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Sonoco Products Co
* Sonoco reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 core earnings per share $0.59
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.53
* Q1 sales $1.17 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.17 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.60 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sonoco Products - full-year 2017 base earnings guidance has been updated to a range of $2.73 to $2.83
* Sonoco Products - first-quarter 2017 sales for consumer packaging segment were $482 million, compared with $527 million in 2016
* Sonoco Products - base earnings for Q2 of 2017 are estimated to be in range of $0.67 to $0.73 per diluted share
* First-Quarter 2017 sales for paper and industrial converted products segment were $443 million, up from $423 million in 2016
* Sonoco Products - 2017 operating cash flow and free cash flow are expected to be approximately $470 million and $125 million, respectively
* Sonoco Products - Q1 2017 GAAP results included $0.06 per diluted share, after tax, in restructuring costs and acquisition-related expenses
* Sonoco Products - actively exploring further growth opportunities through strategic acquisitions in consumer packaging and protective solutions
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.71 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 earnings per share view $2.72 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Severe weather conditions and planned maintenance has seen iron-ore miner Fortescue Metals decrease production during the three months to March.
The miner on Tuesday reported that 41.6-million tonnes of ore were mined during the quarter, compared with the 47.5-million tonnes in the previous quarter. A total of 38.7-million tonnes of ore was shipped, compared with the 40.5-million tonnes in the December quarter.
Advertisement
“Our team has continued to deliver by maintaining their focus on safety, production and costs. Our strategic goals of investing in the core long term sustainability of the business, while pursuing low-cost growth options are firmly in our sights as we continue to generate strong margins, leveraging Fortescue's position as the lowest end of the global cost curve,” said CEO Elizabeth Gaines.
During the quarter under review, C1 cash costs increased by 9%, from $12.08/t to $13.14/t, reflecting lower production volumes, a higher Australian dollar, as well as higher fuel prices.
Advertisement
Full-year C1 costs are expected to range between $12/t and $12.50/t, with Fortescue expected to ship some 170-million tonnes of ore in the full year.
Gaines has meanwhile said that the continued roll-out of the autonomous haulage fleet at the Chichester Hub operation is expected to contribute to further productivity and efficiency improvements across the business, along with the relocatable conveyor at the Cloudbreak operation.
* Plans to start unsecured retail loans in early 2019
* Likely to charge around 10 pct interest rate -Holdings' CEO
* Bank is effectively banned from regular loan business (Recasts with executive comments, context)
TOKYO, March 31 Japan Post Bank Co Ltd, the country's biggest bank by assets, on Friday said it will seek regulatory permission to sell unsecured retail loans, as it hunts for higher returns in an environment of ultra-low interest rates.
The bank aims to start selling the loans in early 2019, with a lending cap of 500,000 yen ($4,470) per person, said Masatsugu Nagato, chief executive officer of the bank's state-backed parent, Japan Post Holdings Co Ltd.
"There is a need for unsecured loans," Nagato said at a news conference.
The bank, with assets of 210 trillion yen ($1.9 trillion), is subject to government restrictions to protect smaller private-sector lenders.
It is barred from most of the regular lending business, with loans accounting for just 1.8 percent of its investment portfolio. The bulk of its funds is invested in Japanese government bonds (JGBs) and other securities.
The bank has been overhauling its investment portfolio to improve returns since listing on the stock exchange in 2015. A central bank negative interest rate policy added impetus to the overhaul last year as yields from JGBs and other securities fall.
Nagato said Japan Post Bank is likely to set interest rates on unsecured retail loans at around 10 percent. By comparison, yields on 10-year JGBs are 0.07 percent.
Unsecured loans are taken out without the borrower pledging collateral, and so carry higher interest rates due to the higher risk of banks being unable to recover money in the event of defaults.
The government owns 80 percent of Japan Post Holdings, which in turn holds 74 percent of Japan Post Bank.
Earlier this week, the government hired six investment banks to advise on the sale of more shares in Japan Post Holdings.
($1 = 111.8100 yen) (Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Chris Gallagher and Christopher Cushing)
SEOUL, April 6 South Korea's central bank on Thursday said elevated household debt could be restraining private consumption, especially as borrowing costs are rising.
"Looking at research papers on household finances, welfare, and other related studies at home and abroad, its possible household debt may already be capping consumption," the Bank of Korea said in a statement prepared for a parliamentary subcommittee meeting.
South Korea's household debt grew at its fastest pace in over a decade in the fourth quarter as borrowers continued to take advantage of record-low interest rates.
Household debt, including loans and other debt owed by South Korean households, soared 11.7 percent in the October to December period from a year earlier, to 1,344.3 trillion won ($1.19 trillion), up from a revised 11.3 percent growth in the third quarter, BOK data showed.
That was the fastest since a record 11.8 percent jump in the fourth quarter of 2006.
The BOK said increased borrowing costs expected with rising U.S. interest rates will worsen interest payment burdens for South Koreans, but household debt was not expected to become a systemic risk. ($1 = 1,127.0100 won) (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Eric Meijer)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's your last chance to buy a ‘round' of drinks – the old fashioned way.
A city bar is organising a round £1 coin amnesty, with the promise of a Handcrafted Flavour shot vodka drink costing than half the regular price.
Revolution is hoping the deal will prevent customers from leaving their coins in piggy banks or down the sides of sofas before they stop being legal tender on October 15.
The company's pound coin amnesty will run until Saturday, October 14 and has a limit of three £1 coin deals per customer.
The Handcrafted Flavour range of 25ml shots normally cost £2.25 each or ten for £18 so buying a maximum of three for £3 in round pound coins will save you £3.75.
Because the shots are drinks in their own right, no other purchase is necessary.
The first flavoured Revolution vodka was created in 1996 and there are now 31 official flavours (20% ABV).
All of the flavours are made using premium triple-distilled vodka and include watermelon, white chocolate, bubblegum, black cherry sour, pear drop, peanut butter and even jelly.
If you find any round £1 coins after October 15, there will be a temporary option of trading in unspent £1 coins at banks from October 16 onwards.
Where is Revolution?
(Image: Darren Quinton)
It's at the Five Ways Entertainment Centre on Broad Street , Birmingham B15 1AY. Tel 0121 665 6508.
The company has also launched the Revolution Online Store, selling the Handcrafted Flavours range alongside Revolution cards, cocktail masterclass vouchers and gift cards.
April 3 (Reuters) -
* Tocagen Inc says offering 7.25 million shares of common stock in IPO - sec filing
* Tocagen Inc says estimate that the initial public offering price of common stock will be between $10.00 and $12.00 per share
* Tocagen Inc says have applied to list common stock on the nasdaq global market under the symbol “TOCA" Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2o1SU1E)
March 31 CapitaLnd Retail China Trust:
* Appointment of Tan Tze Wooi as chief executive officer and director and member of executive committee of company
* Resignation of Tan Tee Hieong as chief executive officer and director Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SHANGHAI, April 10 China's banking regulator said on Monday it has issued guidelines on risk control for lenders, as authorities ramp up efforts to contain risks from a rapid build-up in debt.
The China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) made the comments in a statement posted on its official website, after a Friday news conference which covered the authority's plans to prevent systematic financial risks.
The guidelines were not made available to the general public.
China's banks extended a record 12.65 trillion yuan ($1.84 trillion) of loans in 2016, despite worries about the dangers of prolonged debt-fueled stimulus.
(Reporting by Beijing monitoring desk and Engen Tham in Shanghai; Editing by Kim Coghill)
ULAANBAATAR, April 5 Mongolia's Stock Exchange warned it may be cut from the watchlist of candidates for the FTSE Russell frontier markets index unless it meets regulatory standards by August.
The country was first placed on the watchlist in 2012, after its growth hit an all-time high of 17.3 percent. However, a drop in the prices for coal and copper and a slowdown in Chinese growth have since taken their toll on Mongolia's economy.
"FTSE Russell intends to announce the removal of Mongolia from the FTSE Watchlist, absent tangible progress on removing the main obstacles listed below before the end of August 2017," the Mongolia Stock Exchange said in a statement on its website on Tuesday.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and partners are expected to bail Mongolia out with $5.5 billion in credits.
Private investors' views on the country, whose untapped resource wealth is estimated to exceed $1 trillion, have soured because of mining disputes and falling commodity prices.
A letter from FTSE Russell, which was quoted in the statement, noted Mongolia's failure to meet regulatory standards for the Mongolia Stock Exchange (MSE) and a lack of global custodians in the country.
Altai Khangai, the head of the MSE, said on Wednesday they were in London ahead of a meeting on Thursday with FTSE Russell.
"I think the outcome of the meeting will be positive," Khangai told Reuters.
Investors in Mongolia have also been spooked by disputes with Anglo-Australian miner Rio Tinto over the Oyu Tolgoi copper mine that delayed construction on the $5.3 billion project for underground mining for two years, from 2013 to 2015.
The MSE has also failed to live up to expectations since it was added to the watchlist, with the MSE Top-20 Index falling 37.6 percent since the end of 2013.
"It gives warning to MSE to put its act together before August," Darambazar Achit-Erdene, chief executive and president of Mongolia International Capital Corporation (MICC), said.
"There have been many changes in the management of MSE, and for past years, FTSE hasn't been a top priority of MSE management," Achit-Erdene added. There is still time for the stock exchange to comply with the standards, they said, and bringing in foreign custodians would be good for the market.
Achit-Erdene added that bolstering the MSE could give foreign investors exposure to Mongolia's largest mining assets.
These include the enormous Tavan Tolgoi coal mine, which the government has long delayed plans to list on the MSE simultaneously with foreign exchanges.
"With commodity prices improving and the launch of an IMF program in Mongolia, its a good time to develop the MSE," Achit-Erdene said. (Editing by Alexander Smith)
LONDON The 50km walk will remain in the Olympics and world championships after the IAAF voted unanimously to retain the longest event in the athletics programme.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) had put pressure on the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) to drop the event, starting with the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, partly because there is no women's race over the distance.
Women do race over the distance in the world race walking championships, but their longest event at the Olympics is 20km, which was introduced in 2000.
"The IAAF support for the 50km fully comports with the objectives of the IAAF Constitution," American lawyer Paul DeMeester said following the decision by the IAAF's Council in London on Thursday.
"When it comes to the inclusion of women athletes, the IAAF has been miles ahead of the IOC," added DeMeester, in London to support the 50km distance.
"The IAAF recognises world records for women at 50km and is allowing women to participate in the 50km walk at the world championships in London in August."
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Chinese President Xi Jinping came to power on Saturday once again after being re-elected during the ongoing Parliament session.For congratulating the Chinese President Xi Jinping, Prime Minister Narendra Modi , took to Sina Weibo, the Chinese version of Twitter. They said that they look forward to working with them to improve the bilateral relationship. PM Modi made their Sina Weibo debut in 2015.He wrote:Dear President Xi Jinping, congratulations on getting re-elected as the President of the People's Republic of China. I look forward to working with you for the development of our bilateral relations.”The Doklam standoff between the two countries had embittered the ties between the two neighbours. Now efforts from both sides are being made to bring things back to normal.Modi is expected to attend the Shanghai Cooperation Summit in June in China and hold talks with Xi.(With inputs from IANS)
SHANGHAI, April 5 Eighteen districts in northern China's heavily polluted Hebei province will ban the sale of coal by end-June ahead of a complete ban on residential coal use in October, the official Xinhua news agency reported on Wednesday.
Hebei, home to six of China's 10 smoggiest cities in the first two months of the year, is on the front line of China's three-year war on pollution, and has targeted cutting coal consumption by 40 million tonnes over 2013-2017.
It has identified the use of coal by households and small businesses as one of its main targets this year as it battles to improve air quality.
In a new action plan aimed at controlling coal consumption, the province said it would also strictly control the number of small businesses that burned coal directly, and crack down on the illegal production and sale of low-grade coals.
The ban is likely to hurt local suppliers of low-grade coal but is not expected to have a wider market impact.
Late last year, Hebei announced that it would set up 18 "no coal zones" in the rural outskirts of Langfang and Baoding, two of China's most polluted cities, forcing more than 1 million rural residents to switch to natural gas, electricity or biomass.
However, exceptions were made for coal-fired electricity, large-scale heat providers, and industries like steel and chemicals that use coal as a raw material.
Hebei, which lags the rest of the country when it comes to switching to cleaner forms of energy, aims to extend the pilot programme to other parts of the province.
But officials claim they are already struggling to pay for the conversion of millions of coal-fired boilers used for winter heating, and the central government needs to provide more support.
Vice-governor Yang Chongyong said at China's national parliament last month that the province would require at least 300 billion yuan ($43.53 billion) over the 2016-2020 period to allow rural residents to switch to gas.
They called on Beijing to establish a dedicated fund to help the province make the transition, and for major policy banks to provide low-interest preferential loans.
Despite reporting improvements in 2016, Hebei, together with neighbouring Beijing and Tianjin, saw concentrations of small breathable particles known as PM2.5 rise 48 percent in the first two months of 2017 after several bouts of persistent smog.
It promised on Saturday to take more action against pollution, releasing 18 new "special implementation plans" to tackle "backward" coal-fired power plants and promote new energy vehicles. ($1 = 6.8925 yuan) (Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
Personal ownership of data and information will be the way of the future, particularly given the current climate, according to Aaron McDonald.
The founder and chief executive of blockchain technology company Centrality is the keynote speaker at tomorrow's PwC Herald Talks event focused on the future of money.
McDonald, who is also the chief technology officer of Swiss crypto investment bank Blockhaus, founded Centrality in 2016 as a way to help technology firms and start-ups get their ideas on the blockchain ecosystem.
Blockchain is a decentralised peer-to-peer ecosystem in which verification of transactions is done collectively rather than through an intermediary like a bank.
Advertisement
The difference, McDonald said, was users on blockchain were the sole owners of their data, compared with most other platforms where a third party such as Facebook, had control of the information and was responsible for keeping it.
"We're in a very lucky place in New Zealand where we have a relatively stable economic environment and government, but that's not the same everywhere around the world.
"Increasingly with things like machine learning and artificial intelligence progressing at the pace it is, the companies that control or own that information will have the power," they said.
"These kinds of things are already showing up in the political scene in other countries where information ownership is creating outcomes that possibly society isn't prepared for, or wants, so that ownership is going to be increasingly important."
Centrality's success has seen it raise the equivalent of US$80 million ($110.5m) in virtual currency that could be used in an online marketplace.
The currency tokens called CENNZ sold out in just six minutes to investors. This was on top of a pre-sale last year which netted US$15m for the company.
McDonald said the company was aiming to reduce the barriers so customers could use the platform without needing to understand all of the technology behind it.
"We took a step back and said okay let's stop being purist and start thinking about the practical realities of getting a real user to interact with this system on a daily basis, and you almost have to take the technology away," McDonald said.
"So users need to be able to pick up applications [like this] and start using them like you would email, with that same kind of superficial level of knowledge but without caring too much because they're engaged in the benefits of it rather than the technology behind it."
The company has about 100 staff across its offices globally, and has a focus on international markets where cryptocurrency and blockchain are more well developed.
McDonald attributed a lot of the company's success to great people and product, but said keeping the technology accessible for everyone so it wasn't too complex to use, had been key to its expansion.
Aaron McDonald is the keynote speaker at tomorrow's PwC Herald Talks in Auckland focusing on the Future of Money.
Wednesday 21 March, 7am – 9am at SKYCITY Theatre (sold out)
Thursday 22 March, 7am – 9am at The Piano, Christchurch.
Get your tickets now at iTicket
The logo of Swiss pharmaceutical company Roche is seen outside their headquarters in Basel, January 30, 2014. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich/File Photo
ZURICH Roche's Alecensa kept people with a specific lung cancer alive longer without their disease progressing than Pfizer's Xalkori, the Swiss drugmaker said on Monday, as it seeks to move in on the U.S. company's share of early treatment of the disease.
Roche now plans to submit the results of the Phase III study to global health regulators, it said in its statement.
Alecensa, approved since 2015 in people with advanced ALK-positive non-small cell lung cancer who have failed on Xalkori, is now being trialed head-to-head against Pfizer's medication as an initial treatment.
(Reporting by John Miller)
Pimm's, Blazers And Sunshine At Henley Royal Regatta
It's all about the boats, blazers and Pimms in Henley this week.
This year's Henley Regatta is well underway - with thousands of people watching five days of rowing races on the Thames. It runs from Wednesday 4 July until Sunday 8 July.
There are more than 200 races of an international standard, which can include Olympic rowers as well as crews new to the event.
Lots of police are on duty.
Superintendent Sarah Grahame, tactical commander for the Royal Regatta said: "We expect to see an increase in the number of visitors to Henley and the surrounding areas during the five day period.
"My officers and I are working closely with our partners to ensure public safety and to maintain the low levels of crime we have come to expect at this prestigious event.
"I ask people visiting and living in Henley over the Regatta period to be prepared for traffic and some congestion. We ask drivers to be patient and mindful of the increased traffic and pedestrians, to leave plenty of time for their journeys, and to carefully follow the appropriate signs to the allocated car parks.
"As is the case at all major events, there will be a security presence which is there to reassure you rather than alarm you. The public provide our additional eyes and ears on the ground and I ask them to support security staff and my officers by remaining vigilant, keeping their belongings with them and reporting anything suspicious or unusual to staff or by calling 101.
"The Neighbourhood Policing team in Henley will be an integral part of our operation and will ensure the priorities of the local community are acted on, as normal, during this time."
Let's understand what is this PCD Pharma Franchise Model? PCD Pharma Franchise Model is accepted and safely, can be termed as a time-tested model. It started almost one and half decade back with an experiment which now has become a full-blown Industry.
Pharma Franchiser develops its product range by getting the product manufactured through Third Party Contract Manufacturer under its own Brand Name. The product clearly mentions Manufactured by (Contract manufacturer) under its Manufacturing License and also is mentioned Marketed by (Pharma Franchiser). Once the range is developed they advertise their company in print and digital media the author Mr Rajneesh Gupta recommends Digital media like PharmaBizConnect, Pharma Franchise companies then approaches franchiser and negotiates the deal. When both the parties satisfy themselves with each other credentials that the deal materializes.
Pharma Franchiser sends the product along with marketing tools to Pharma franchise and then Pharma franchise sells the products in the market this can also be termed as propaganda cum distributor wherein PCD Pharma companies stores as well as sells the products of Pharma Franchiser. For more information visit at http://www.pharmabizconnect.com
TORONTO/CALGARY, April 20 BP Plc is considering the sale of its stakes in three Canadian oil sands projects, people familiar with the matter told Reuters this week, as part of the British oil company's strategy of retreating from noncore businesses.
BP's 50 percent stake in the Sunrise project near Fort McMurray in Alberta, where Husky Energy Inc owns the rest and is the operator, is the most valuable of the three assets.
It also owns a 50 percent stake in Pike, operated by Devon Energy Corp, which is still awaiting a final investment decision, and is majority-owner of the Terre de Grace oil sands pilot project.
A BP spokesperson declined to comment. Sources declined to be named as the information is confidential.
The three projects are located in northeastern Alberta.
BP has discussed with advisers the possibility of selling the stakes, though no final decision has been made, the people added.
If the sale proceeds, BP would deploy capital in more attractive regions, such as the Permian basin in the United States, where the rate of return tends to be higher, one of the people said.
(Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Nia Williams in Calgary; Additional reporting by Ron Bousso in London, Ethan Lou in Calgary, Alberta; and David French in New York; Editing by Denny Thomas and Matthew Lewis)
March 29 A Brown Company Inc
* Designation of Roel Z. Castro as president was changed to president and chief executive officer
* Designation of Robertino E. Pizarro as executive chairperson was changed to chairperson Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
In Week 7, the Green Bay Packers and fantasy football owners got their first real taste of life without Aaron Rodgers, and, to say the least, it was bitter and...
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
April 12 The U.S. Air Force will extend the service life of its F-16 fighter jet to 12,000 Equivalent Flight Hours, much more than the aircraft's original service life of 8,000 hours.
Validation of the extended flight hour limit will help extend the service life of up to 300 F-16C/D Block 40-52 aircraft, Lockheed Martin Corp, which makes the F-16, said in a statement on Wednesday.
Following the extension, the U.S. Air Force could safely operate Block 40-52 aircraft to 2048 and beyond.
The F-16 service extension comes as the U.S. looks to save costs on its key weapons program, including the F-35 fighter jet. (Reporting by Rachit Vats in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis boards a U.S. Air Force C-17 for a day trip to a U.S. military base in Djibouti from Doha, Qatar April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (L) is greeted by U.S. Marine Corps General Thomas Waldhauser (R) as they arrive at Camp Lemonnier in Ambouli, Djibouti April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (2nd L), U.S. Embassy Charge d'Affaires Mark Boulware (2nd R) and other members of their delegation are greeted by U.S. Marine Corps General Thomas Waldhauser (R) as they arrive at Camp Lemonnier in Ambouli, Djibouti April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (R) greets an airman as they board a U.S. Air Force C-17 for a day trip to a U.S. military base in Djibouti from Doha, Qatar April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (2nd R) meets a detachment of French troops and sailors at Camp Lemonnier in Ambouli, Djibouti April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (C, back to camera) meets a detachment of French troops and sailors at Camp Lemonnier in Ambouli, Djibouti April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (L) and U.S. Marine Corps General Thomas Waldhauser (R) hold a news conference at Camp Lemonnier in Ambouli, Djibouti April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis is greeted by Djibouti's Minister of Defense Ali Hasan Bahdon as they arrive at Djibouti-Ambouli International Airport in Ambouli, Djibouti April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
DJIBOUTI The United States is closely watching a recent increase in piracy off the coast of Somalia, a senior U.S. military official said on Sunday as Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited an important military base in Djibouti.
The rise in piracy attacks has at least partially been driven by famine and drought in the region, the top U.S. military commander overseeing troops in Africa said during Mattis' visit as part of a week-long trip to the Middle East and Africa.
The United States uses the base in Djibouti, a tiny country the size of Wales at the southern entrance to the Red Sea, as a launch pad for operations in Yemen and Somalia.
The sudden string of attacks by Somali pirates comes after years without a reported incident. Attacks peaked with 237 in 2011 but then declined steeply after shipowners improved security measures and international naval forces stepped up patrols.
This month has seen a new rash of attacks, with two ships captured and a third rescued by Indian and Chinese forces after the crew radioed for help and locked themselves in a safe room.
"The bottom line is there have been a half dozen or so(incidents)," Marine General Thomas Waldhauser said at a press conference standing alongside Mattis.
"We're not ready to say there is a trend there yet but we'll continue to watch," they said, adding one reason for the increase was famine and droughts in the region since some vessels targeted were carrying food and oil.
According to the U.N. World Food Programme more than 20 million people from Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan and Yemen are at risk of dying from starvation within the next six months.
In South Sudan alone, more than 100,000 people are suffering from famine with a further a million on the brink of starvation.
Mattis added that while the situation was being watched, they did not expect a U.S. military response to the surge in piracy.
A U.S. defense official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said international shipping companies had started to become complacent about their security, which could also help explain the rise in piracy incidents.
MILITANCY IN THE REGION
Djibouti is strategically important as it is on the route to the Suez Canal. The barren nation, sandwiched between Ethiopia, Eritrea and Somalia, also hosts Japanese and French bases.
The U.S. base, which has about 4,000 personnel, is located just miles from a Chinese one, still under construction, which has caused concern to some U.S. officials.
Mattis' visit to the base comes as the United States has been increasing pressure on militant groups such as al Shabaab in the region.
The White House recently granted the U.S. military broader authority to strike al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants in Somalia.
Waldhauser told reporters that they had not yet used the new authorities given to them by the White House.
Al Shabaab has been able to carry out deadly bombings despite losing most of its territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the Somali government.
On Sunday, a military vehicle hit a roadside bomb in Somalia's semi autonomous Puntland region on Sunday, killing at least six soldiers and injuring another eight.
The United States recently sent a few dozen troops to Somalia to help train members of the Somali National Army.
It is also carrying out strikes in Yemen against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
AQAP boasts one of the world's most feared bomb makers, Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, and it has been a persistent concern to the U.S. government ever since a 2009 attempt to blow up a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; editing by Clelia Oziel)
March 31 (Gracenote) - Results from the World championships Women's on Friday 1. Evgeniya Medvedeva (Russia) 233.41 2. Kaetlyn Osmond (Canada) 218.13 3. Gabrielle Daleman (Canada) 213.52 4. Karen Chen (U.S.) 199.29 5. Mai Mihara (Japan) 197.88 6. Carolina Kostner (Italy) 196.83 7. Ashley Wagner (U.S.) 193.54 8. Maria Sotskova (Russia) 192.20 9. Elizabet Tursynbaeva (Kazakhstan) 191.99 10. Choi Da-Bin (Korea) 191.11 11. Wakaba Higuchi (Japan) 188.05 12. Mariah Bell (U.S.) 187.23 13. Anna Pogorilaya (Russia) 183.37 14. Li Xiangning (China) 175.37 15. Loena Hendrickx (Belgium) 172.82 16. Rika Hongo (Japan) 169.83 17. Nicole Rajicova (Slovakia) 165.55 18. Laurine Lecavelier (France) 162.99 19. Nicole Schott (Germany) 161.41 20. Ivett Toth (Hungary) 160.77 21. Li Zijun (China) 159.80 22. Angelina Kuchvalska (Latvia) 155.02 23. Anastasia Galustyan (Armenia) 153.47 24. Kailani Craine (Australia) 152.94 25. Shuran Yu (Singapore) 52.87 FNR 26. Joshi Helgesson (Sweden) 52.07 FNR 27. Helery Haelvin (Estonia) 51.94 FNR 28. Amy Lin (Taiwan) 51.86 FNR 29. Emmi Peltonen (Finland) 50.74 FNR 30. Isadora Williams (Brazil) 50.65 FNR
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
* BTMU to charge euro time deposits of some corporate clients
* Ultra-low rates in Europe, Japan squeezing bank margins
* BTMU says no plan to introduce negative deposit rate in Japan (Adds details, background)
By Taiga Uranaka
TOKYO, May 2 Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (BTMU) will start charging negative interest rates on euro deposits from dozens of its biggest European clients, a spokesperson said, the first Japanese bank to take such a step amid the ultra-low rate environment.
Japanese banks, particularly smaller ones, have seen their lending margins shrink after central banks in Europe and Japan adopted negative interest rate policy to spur borrowing and spending.
Japanese lenders have been reluctant to pass on the costs to customers given potential public backlash, but some European banks including UBS have started charging fees on large accounts.
BTMU, the core unit of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group , is in talks with some of its biggest corporate clients about charging their euro-denominated time deposits shorter than 12 months, spokesperson Kana Nagamitsu said on Tuesday.
The clients consist of "a couple of dozens" that make deposits at the bank's London branch, home to BTMU's biggest European clients. The bank will not start charging without clients' consent.
The new rates will be applied to deposits beyond a certain amount set by the bank. If clients refuse to comply, BTMU will stop accepting their deposits above that amount, they said.
The bank decided to make the move now as it could no longer tolerate profits being further squeezed by the European Central Bank's negative interest rate policy, first introduced in 2014.
The Bank of Japan also introduced the negative interest rate policy in February last year, but the BTMU spokesperson said their bank has no plan to charge negative rates on deposits in Japan.
BTMU CEO Takashi Oyamada has said charging negative rates was too difficult for its Japanese clients to accept. (Editing by Randy Fabi)
MANILA (Reuters) - State-run China Telecom Corp could become the Philippines' third telecoms player, officials of the Southeast Asian nation said on Sunday, as the government looks to stir up competition in an effort to boost notoriously poor services.
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte last month offered China the “privilege” of challenging a longstanding duopoly that has frustrated consumers because of slow and intermittent internet and mobile phone services.
“The Chinese government selected China Telecom to invest in the Philippines upon invitation by President Duterte during the bilateral meeting last Nov. 16,” Eliseo Rio, secretary of the Department of Information and Communications Technology, told Reuters.
Chinese companies cannot operate alone in the Philippines and would need to partner with a local company.
The government is now looking at who will partner with China Telecom on a 60-40 basis, Rio said.
China Telecom, one of China's top three state-backed telecommunications firms, said on Monday that no deal has been reached yet.
“China Telecom is currently having a preliminary study on the investment opportunity in the Philippines and no concrete plan has been determined yet,” a China Telecom spokesperson told Reuters.
The Philippine constitution's 40 percent cap on foreign ownership of domestic telecoms companies has kept interest from multinationals at bay in the market of more than 100 million people. Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said the state-owned Chinese company should partner with a reputable Philippines company with an existing telecoms franchise.
“The government is fast-tracking this because consumers are getting annoyed with dropped calls and slow internet connections,” Andanar said in a radio interview on Sunday.
Also seeking to be a major player is Philippine Telegraph & Telephone Corp, which had said it was talking with China Telecom and Datang Telecom about strategic partnerships to challenge the nation's dominant duo of PLDT Inc and Globe Telecom Inc.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Trying to win back the Bledisloe Cup for the first time since 2003 should help their Western Force players deal with the disappointment of their side being cut from Super Rugby, Wallabies coach Michael Cheika has said.
The Perth-based Force had their Super Rugby licence rescinded by the Australian Rugby Union (ARU) on Friday after they agreed to cut one team from the competition following a decision to reduce it from 18 teams to 15 from next season.
Cheika has six Western Force players in their squad preparing for their Aug. 19 clash against New Zealand in Sydney, which doubles as the opening game of the Rugby Championship and a Bledisloe Cup match.
"Obviously they were disappointed, there's no doubt about that, but as a professional player they've also got to prepare themselves as well," Cheika told reporters in Sydney on Sunday.
"If there's any one thing that could keep your focus when something like this happens, it's the quest for winning a Bledisloe."
Cheika said they had been impressed with the way the Force players -- Adam Coleman, Dane Haylett-Petty, Tatafu Polota-Nau, Curtis Rona, Billy Meakes and Tetera Faulkner -- had handled the pressure of the decision.
"It was just about how we would try and deal with things and how they wanted to deal with things," Cheika added.
"From what I've seen of all our lads and those (Force) guys in particular, they've come in with a really strong focus on preparing themselves.
"Both Dane and Adam, who came in with some injuries have worked super hard to get themselves right.
"Then new guys like Rona and Billy Meakes, who have come in, have just excelled (and) they are competing strongly for places within the team."
Cheika indicated that they had also learned a lot from watching the way the British and Irish Lions pressured the All Blacks in their recent drawn series and they would likely ask their players to replicate that on Saturday.
"The target needs to be to put New Zealand under pressure," Cheika told Channel Nine earlier. "Then we will see what happens from there, we'll see if we can take the pickings."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Mercedes reluctantly used team orders in Bahrain because "the situation is different now".
That is the explanation of team boss Toto Wolff, speaking after Valtteri Bottas was told to move over for triple world champion Lewis Hamilton in Bahrain.
"We don't like it," they are quoted by Speed Week, when asked about the order.
"In recent years we didn't do this. But the situation is different now," Wolff added.
 They are referring to the fact that, while Mercedes utterly dominated between 2014-2016, the team is actually now trailing Ferrari after three races in 2017.
"So far we had an internal struggle," Wolff continued. "This is also a question that Ferrari has to face."
But the Austrian also said they are enjoying the nature of the 2017 battle so far, with Mercedes and Ferrari fighting hard but still getting along well off track.
"I like this philosophy, a bit like rugby," said Wolff. "We fight hard against each other but afterwards can have a beer together. I think that's important."
PALLEKELE, Sri Lanka (AP) " India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs in the third test on Monday for a 3-0 series whitewash.
___
India 487 (Shikhar Dhawan 119, Hardik Pandya 108; Lakshan Sandakan 5-132) beat Sri Lanka 135 (Dinesh Chandimal 48; Kuldeep Yadav 4-40) and 181 (Niroshan Dickwella 41; Ravichandran Ashwin 4-68) by an innings and 171 runs.
Myanmar's civic peace and tranquility are striking and enjoyable for traveling and ascertaining the virgin destinations around Myanmar, individually. Our expert tour guides are patient, friendly, honest, informed and well understood for how to conduct a pleasant and unforgettable valued trip in Myanmar.
We are then self-confident to provide the supreme excellence services to our differentiate guests from the every part of the globe as the right and trustworthy partner in Myanmar. Our highest quality active vacations or Vacation Trip to Myanmar make sure you to be satisfied your holidays by choosing one of our holidays packages. We always adapt routes and client's travel suggestions to offer upgraded flexible and great quality services to fit our guests' personal and distinct needs.
We believe, travel is as much as residences, so we make sure our explorers get a chance to step every corner of our traveler destinations and encounter the locals with happy emotions during their holidays to Myanmar. At every stage of your Hiring a Car with Driver trip you'll enjoy private transfers, reasonable cuisine, private local guides and high-class experiences – all whilst being attended by your committed Inside Myanmar senior tour leader, who will confirm that you never have to worry about a thing.
Our company, having the dedicated team to conduct the enticement trips from start to end, deals you the specially intended and custom-made programs, making sure the fun and artistic activities are included. Having a close partnership with travel industry players such as the deluxe hotels, airlines and luxury cruises, pooled with our best promising and creative services make us promising to get you the ‘once in a lifetime' memories. Consult us first and we not only manage your normal queries but also offer you the inclusive information which helps you keep abreast of the modern happenings and newly-developed attractions in Myanmar.
Contact Us:
Address: The Real Myanmar Authentic Travel
No. 184, Sule Pagoda Road,
Next to Kyauktata Police station, Yangon, Myanmar
Tel: +95 1 398263, +95 9 250 311 652
Email: info@therealmyanmartravels.com, reservation@therealmyanmartravels.com
Web Address: http://www.therealmyanmartravels.com/
DUBAI May 3 Saudi Arabia's stock market looks unlikely to move much on Wednesday after a rare televised interview on Tuesday night by the top economic policy official, Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, as they did not give spending details for which some investors had been hoping.
The prince said the government would focus on investing in the mining sector, developing the weapons industry, supporting an auto industry and improving the kingdom's logistics, both sea and air.
They also said authorities would announce a programme to address the kingdom's shortage of private housing in the third quarter of this year, aiming to arrange the construction of over a million housing units through soft loans or the Saudi Real Estate Development Fund. But they did not give a time frame or expected expenditure on those projects.
"The interview was clear in that the cash to fund those non-oil industries would come from the partial sale of Aramco... and to make sure that other parts of the economy are supportive, the finance minister said the government is committed to making on- time payment to the private sector," said a Riyadh-based investment advisor.
Delayed payments by the government were a big drag on the economy last year.
"Though the details are lacking, the sentiment is positive," the investment advisor added.
Ahead of the interview, shares of Emaar the Economic City (EEC), developer of an industrial and residential zone, and of Saudi Automotive outperformed on Tuesday.
Elsewhere in the region, markets may consolidate; Asian shares are firm but Gulf bourses have been trading near multi-week lows, unimpressed by first-quarter corporate earnings. Qatar's index for example is at 20-week low. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
São Paulo Saraiva SA Livreiros & Editores (SLED4.SA) has emerged as the likely buyer of Groupe Fnac SA's (FNAC.PA) Brazilian business, the latest consumer electronics retailer to succumb to a three-year recession in Latin America's No. 1 economy, two people with knowledge of the process said on Thursday.
The investment-banking unit of Banco Santander Brasil SA (SANB11.SA), which is Fnac's financial advisor on the process, has already got in touch with a list of buyout firms including General Atlantic LLC, Advent International Corp and HIG Capital LLC to sound out their interest in the unit, the people said.
According to the people, who asked for anonymity as the process is private, Santander Brasil bankers also invited Península Participações SA, which oversees the fortune of retail tycoon Abilio Diniz's family, to participate in the process.
Press representatives for Brazilian bookstore and publishing group Saraiva, Advent and Península declined to comment. France-based Fnac (FNAC.PA) confirmed the hiring of Santander, but declined to give any information on potential suitors or the status of the process. HIG Capital, General Atlantic and Santander did not immediately comment.
The people said there is no certainty a deal will be struck.
Fnac is among a group of Brazilian appliance and consumer electronics retailers trying to sell themselves after their traditional playbook of brick-and-mortar outlets with lots of floor space and slow inventory turnover has become increasingly unsustainable in Brazil's worst recession on record.
The three-year recession has restricted access to credit, driven the number of unemployed Brazilians to about 13 million and severely impacted demand for consumer electronics and other durable goods. Fnac's revenue in the country slumped by about 8 percent in 2015.
Fellow French retailer Casino Guichard Perrachon & Cie (CASP.PA) is selling a 43 percent controlling stake in Via Varejo SA (VVAR11.SA), Brazil's No. 1 appliance chain. Aside from Via Varejo, other potential takeover targets include Máquina de Vendas SA and smaller rival Eletrosom SA.
Fnac's presence in Brazil spans about two decades. Currently, the unit runs 12 stores in 10 Brazilian cities, with revenue accounting for less than 2 percent of the group's 7.4 billion euros ($7.9 billion) in annual sales globally, according to company data.
In addition, efforts to integrate Darty Plc, which Fnac acquired last year, have also led the French chain to focus expansion on Europe, mainly in France, Spain and Portugal.
($1 = 0.9374 euros)
(Editing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Chris Reese)
* Parent Hanergy Holding pays down 1.5 bln yuan of overdue funds
* Founder Li pledges shares as guarantee on HK$3.2 bln of payments
* Auditor issues "qualified opinion" on 2016 results (Adds details on share suspension, court proceeding and 2016 results)
By Elzio Barreto
HONG KONG, March 31 Hanergy Thin Film Power Group, the solar panel maker being investigated by Hong Kong's securities regulator, said its parent had paid down some overdue debt, part of a push to end an almost two-year share trading suspension.
Parent Hanergy Holding paid 1.5 billion yuan ($218 million) in overdue trade receivables on March 10, reducing the overdue amount owed to about HK$3.2 billion ($412 million), Hanergy said in a securities filing late on Thursday.
Founder and former Chairman Li Hejun also signed a "deed of guarantee" committing to pay the remainder of the funds over a period of two years after shares in Hanergy resume trading. Li pledged 1.4 billion Hanergy shares as collateral on the payment agreement.
Hanergy has been engulfed in controversy since it asked the Hong Kong stock exchange to suspend trading in its shares on May 20, 2015, after the company lost half its $40 billion market value in just 24 minutes. Eight days later, Hong Kong's Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) said it was investigating Hanergy's "affairs" and subsequently directed the bourse to extend the suspension indefinitely.
The regulator has set two requirements to allow trading to resume: one that Li and four Hanergy directors "not contest liability" and court orders barring them from managing any corporations in the city, and another for Hanergy to release detailed information about its finances.
Li and the four directors said in January they would not contest the SFC's suit, while Hanergy also reiterated it was working on the disclosure document detailing information on its business, financial performance and prospects to address the SFC's concerns.
The company said in the filing it posted HK$251.6 million of profits in 2016, reversing a HK$12.2 billion loss in 2015 that was weighed down by a plunge in revenue and HK$9.7 billion in goodwill impairments after it failed to deliver a production line to its parent and controlling shareholder.
The company had HK$248.7 million in cash and equivalents at the end of 2016. It also had HK$6.8 billion worth of trade receivables, with HK$3.9 billion of those owed by its parent Hanergy Holding and other affiliates and the vast majority more than one year past due, according to the filing.
Hanergy's auditor, Ernst & Young, issued a so-called "qualified opinion" on the 2016 results, because it was "unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence about the recoverability of the group's remaining trade receivables and gross amount due from contract customers" worth about HK$6.2 billion, the company said.
Auditors typically issue a qualified opinion when they believe the financial information is not complete. ($1 = 7.7697 Hong Kong dollars) ($1 = 6.8970 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Edwina Gibbs and Stephen Coates)
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - When the world's most powerful chief executive is renowned for never apologizing, it takes a special form of incompetence to be upstaged in the contrition department by Donald Trump's White House. Somehow, against extraordinary odds, United Continental Holdings – a U.S. airline reliant on customer loyalty – managed this dunderheaded achievement.
It took Oscar Munoz, chief executive of the $22 billion company, more than a day, and the incineration of up to half a billion dollars of investor wealth, before they finally found the right words to respond to their company's latest mistake: the revelation that it enlisted airport security officers to forcibly remove a passenger from one of its planes after selling too many seats on the flight.
Even White House flack Sean Spicer managed to apologize with greater finesse. In a press briefing on Tuesday they appeared to minimize the horrors of the Holocaust. From this, and United's "re-accommodate- gate,” there is a lesson to be gleaned by all businesses. The value of the humble apology is incalculable. Say sorry first, ask questions later.
United isn't the first enterprise to flub in penitence. Nor will it be the last. Recent corporate history is chockablock with attempts to regain the favor of customers. General Motors' boss Mary Barra was "deeply sorry" for the suffering that resulted from the car company's ignition-switch fiasco. It helped that GM followed up by paying out $600 million to victims.
Last month, Uber founder Travis Kalanick expressed remorse for berating one of their drivers in a petulant exchange that, like tossing the United passenger from the plane, surfaced in a video that went viral. Kalanick even acknowledged with psychoanalytical flair that they needed help "and I intend to get it."
Munoz needed multiple attempts to make things right. Their first stated Sunday's incident was "an upsetting event to all of us here at United.” That's reminiscent of former BP chief Tony Hayward's sullen apology for the oil firm's 2010 Gulf of Mexico spill in which they whined that they "would like their life back." A subsequent try to United staff seemed to suggest the passenger was at fault.
By Wednesday morning, in an interview with ABC, Munoz managed to strike the right, penitential tone. An hour later, United stock regained half of its previous day's losses. Having to say sorry isn't hard. It should just come a lot more naturally in the executive suite.
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities said on Friday they had detained eight people in connection with a bomb which rocked the capital Ankara on Thursday, injuring three people.
A ninth suspect was killed during the operation to round up the group, they said.
Soon after the blast on Thursday night, authorities had reported the explosion took place in the gas boiler room of a tax office in the Cukurambar district.
But after investigating security footage, police said a man had placed a bag they believe contained explosives at the entrance to the building, the governor's office said in a statement on Friday.
It said eight people, including the man believed to have planted the explosives, had been detained in four separate provinces. The suspect who was killed had entered Turkey illegally and received training from a branch of the Syrian Kurdish PYD group, the governor's office said.
Turkey considers the YPG, the armed wing of the PYD, to be an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) which has waged a decades-long insurgency in Turkey's mainly Kurdish southeast.
Turkey's military launched an incursion into northern Syria's Afrin region against the U.S.-backed YPG militia two weeks ago.
Ankara Governor Ercan Topaca said three people had sustained light injuries from flying debris at the scene of Thursday's explosion.
Images from the scene showed extensive damage to the building's facade. Windows of nearby cars were blown out and debris was strewn in the street.
The building had been empty except for security personnel at the time of the blast, local media said.
People are seen in silhouette exercising under the fog covered Manhattan Bridge in New York December 14, 2015. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
(Reuters Health) - Just a few hours a week of moderate exercise may not prevent all heart attacks, but it could make the difference in who survives one, Danish researchers say.
Over several decades, the study found that regular moderate exercisers were half as likely to die when they had a heart attack, compared to people who were sedentary.
Despite this benefit, exercise did not seem to protect heart attack survivors from dying or experiencing heart failure later on, the researchers write in the European Journal of Preventive Cardiology.
“We already know that exercise protects you from heart attack, as well as a number of other beneficial effects,” said senior author Dr. Eva Prescott of the University of Copenhagen and Bispebjerg Hospital.
“The main finding here is that among people who do get a heart attack, the ones who exercise more seem to be more likely to survive a heart attack than people who exercise less,” Prescott said by email.
“Exercise is good for you, we know that. These findings confirm that and help us understand why,” they said.
To examine the potential influence of exercise on heart attack survival, the researchers analyzed data on more than 14,000 people participating in the Copenhagen City Heart Study, none of whom had experienced a heart attack or stroke at the beginning of the study period.
Participants reported on their level of physical activity at the baseline assessment between 1976 and 1978 and researchers followed their health over the years through 2013.
Based on their leisure time physical activity at the start of the study, participants were categorized into one of three groups: sedentary, meaning they engaged in only light activity for less than two hours per week; light exercise, which meant they did two to four hours of walking or equivalent activity each week; or moderate/high exercise, which meant greater than two hours of vigorous activity like biking weekly.
Over the study period, 1,664 people had heart attacks and 425 died right away. The average age at which people had a heart attack was 71.
Among those who had a heart attack, the majority, 54 percent, were in the light exercise category - and they were 32 percent more likely to survive than people who were sedentary. People who were moderate or high exercisers were 47 percent more likely to survive.
Having been an exerciser did not guard against future heart failure for heart attack survivors, however. People who exercised were just as likely as sedentary peers to develop heart failure in the five years following a heart attack, the study also found.
The same was true for death over the longer term. Among the heart attack survivors, 83 percent died during the seven-year period following their heart attack. There was no difference in the mortality rate between people who had moderate/high levels of exercise and those who exercised less or not at all.
Nonetheless, regular exercise can help lower blood pressure, said Antonio Crisafulli, who studies exercise and heart function at the University of Cagliari in Italy.
"In short, if we have a low blood pressure, the work required to the heart is reduced,” said Crisafulli, who was not involved in the study.
Exercise is not a miracle cure and even active people may face heart attacks, Crisafulli noted, but active people are more likely to survive heart problems.
Exercise signals to the body to create more pathways to bring oxygen to the heart, Prescott added. In this way, even if an artery becomes blocked and causes a heart attack, the heart will still have other ways to get oxygen.
“Exercise is one of the best and smartest ways to keep our body healthy and to survive if something wrong happens in our cardiovascular system,” Crisafulli added.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oMgakh European Journal of Preventive Cardiology, online April 11, 2017.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Gloria Larson calls themselves something of an "accidental tourist" into higher ed administration, but says it has been one of the most rewarding experiences of their life. As Larson looks to step down following the end of this school year, they spoke to Education Dive about their love for millennials and 'The Voice' and reflected on the need for higher ed to adopt a more outside-in model of thinking.
As you get ready to leave the institution, how would you reflect over your career in higher education?
It has been such a rewarding experience. I think sort of late in my career and life I discovered this notion that you could have this very strong liberal arts background, infused with some pragmatic instruction.
It's been such a blessing to see the school further evolve in this way of fusion. I think many schools are still figuring out that it's an and, not an or.
Some ability to have both lifelong learning skills and the ability to have technical skill sets, more specific skill sets is really a great combination.
What does innovation on a college campus look like to you?
I do think it's something that you can learn. I think previously, I thought oh my goodness, innovation is something that you sort of acquire along the way without knowing that you are [acquiring the habit]. Some people are naturally innovative and others aren't, but I think what it means to me — the book that I read right before I came to Bentley was Daniel Pink's “A whole new mind” … about how the global innovation economy requires both left and right brain thinking. I think to me it's this ability to learn through both liberal arts learning and this more analytical thinking … to be able to cross disciplines and be able to think about it in really sort of innovative way.
I think that's what you get when you don't just do a deep dive into one subject area, when you learn broader; combining philosophy courses with economics courses makes all of the sense in the world, when you think about how you'll have to be a problem solver.
It's sort of the synergy that comes from that that leads to this level of creativity that allows you to innovate.
I don't think there's any one definition. I think you can acquire the knowledge and the skill sets that allow you to sort of deepen that ability.
What we've tried to get away from at Bentley is this notion that we are educating and preparing you for any highly specific set of things — yes you might be a marketing major and you might double major in the liberal arts are of global affairs, but the nature of how you're thinking about it … we want that flexibility for our students, we want them to be nimble.
Innovation is something that can be both learned and practiced.
You mentioned Daniel Pink's book — What are you currently reading or watching?
I'm so glad you asked that question! I've been reading Harper Lee's “Go Set a Watchman,” the book that was the follow-up, or really the prequel to “To Kill a Mockingbird.”
The reason I read that was because I went to law school because I read “To Kill a Mockingbird” when I was 12 years old and new then that I wanted to be this morally upright, Gregory Peck-type Atticus Finch figure from reading the book, and then seeing the movie
My whole world was turned upside down by reading the book that Harper Lee actually wrote first. They aren't the person we thought they were in “To Kill a Mockingbird,” they were a much more nuanced person in their time and did have some segregationist views, and did have some struggle with ideas about race.
Lifelong learning should be about further examining things you accept as fact in your own life … questioning your own instincts and insights and what you regard as fact.
President Gloria Larson with Flex, the Bentley mascot. Bentley University
I'm also a huge devotee of “Downtown Abbey,” but I have a long list of things that because of my work I haven't been able to watch on TV. I can't believe i'm going to tell you this, but I have a guilty pleasure, which is “The Voice.” I'm addicted to “The Voice.” Maybe because I don't have a good voice. … I just love the concept and just have become completely addicted. So some of the students know it and they'll begin comparing notes when they see me around on campus.
That probably works well in building that rapport with students, right?
Because the students know me well at Bentley, at first-year student convocation, I tell them to please call me Gloria, so they tell me all kinds of things. They tell me about things they think only I can fix, they tell me about their friendships, if they're no longer dating someone I saw them with at a football game, they come and tell me.
I came to Bentley because I fell in love with millenials at my law firm. They're such a global, connected generation.
Being here has only reinforced those thoughts. That's why I'm so passionate about this type of education I think they should get. It's just so frustrating when companies say to me ‘why aren't kids coming out of college with these critical skillsets?' And I think it's just because higher ed is so slow to evolve. And I think we're in a place where the price point is so high that … if colleges don't learn to innovate while teaching their students to innovate … higher education could really be at a tipping point.
What's next for you, as you look beyond life as president of Bentley University?
Somewhere towards the end of this year, I'll have a better sense. I still want to be connected in some way to higher education. I don't have any desire to be a serial president. I consider myself kind of accidental tourist in the college presidency.
I'm really taking a step back and thinking, you know, what can I do that would have impact and at the same time be as rewarding as this. I'm not sure, given the students that I've been blessed to know that there's anything that's going to be as rewarding as this. So it could be something that's radically different — stay tuned!
I think what I'm hoping is that more and more schools really start to think harder about the student population and the marketplace they're entering — have a more outside-in perspective. Almost every industry I know starts with the industry or the client, and I think it's high time that higher ed do that too — think more outside-in rather than this bubble that higher ed has been in.
April 6 Coach Inc
* Coach Inc- under terms of offer letter Joshua Schulman will receive an initial base salary of $950,000 per year - sec filing
* Coach Inc - Schulman will receive an annual equity grant target of $2 million for fiscal year 2018
* Coach Inc- Schulman will receive a one-time, sign-on cash bonus of $500,000 - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2od4yqF) Further company coverage:
A WOMAN in their 60s has allegedly been attacked by an American soldier in the car park of Brisbane's Enoggera Army Barracks.
The victim was dragged from their car and assaulted by the 20-year-old Marine about 3.15pm on Tuesday, police say.
Military police along with an off-duty Queensland Police officer intervened and arrested the man, with the off-duty police officer also allegedly assaulted during the scuffle.
The woman, who is understood to be an Australian public servant, sustained serious injuries and was treated in hospital before being released.
Police said the man and woman were not known to each other and it wasn't known what sparked the attack.
The Defence department says it's providing support to the woman following the assault.
The American national has been charged with multiple offences including serious assault in relation to a person over 60, assaulting police and causing wilful damage in relation to the woman's car.
He's due to face Brisbane Magistrates Court on July 18.
(Adds background, details on nomination delays, Senate Democrat quote)
WASHINGTON, April 6 The Senate Finance Committee on Thursday delayed a scheduled vote on President Donald Trump's nominee for U.S. Trade Representative due to the lack of a quorum among committee members.
Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, the committee's chairperson, said they hoped the nomination of Robert Lighthizer for the administration's top trade negotiating job could be taken up after Congress' two-week Easter break ends on April 24.
Senate confirmation of Lighthizer's nomination has been delayed partly by demands from Democrats that the Finance Committee first advance a bill aimed at protecting retired coal miners' pensions and health care benefits. Only one Democrat, Senator Ron Wyden, showed up for the start of the panel's meeting on Thursday.
Also contributing to delays were questions over whether Lighthizer, a veteran trade lawyer and Reagan-era deputy USTR, needs a congressional waiver from a 1995 law prohibiting USTR candidates from working on behalf of foreign governments.
After leaving USTR but well before that law was passed, Lighthizer did some work for Brazil's agriculture department in the late 1980s and assisted a law firm colleague who was advising a Chinese electronics industry group in the early 1990s.
Lighthizer has strong support from both parties because of their pledges to strengthen enforcement of U.S. trade laws to stop unfairly dumped and subsidized imports, but the waiver issue has become a leverage point for Democrats on the miners' pension bill.
That measure seeks to transfer certain pension obligations to the federal government and provide funding to prevent some 22,800 retired coal miners from losing healthcare benefits at the end of April.
Wyden said Democrats' concerns needed to be addressed, but they were "confident that we can find a way to have a positive, strongly bipartisan markup of Mr. Lighthizer." (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
NXP i.MX6ULL based SODIMM SOM module integrates power efficient high performance ARM Cortex A7 CPU core
i.MX6ULL System on Module
Contact
Syed Usman Haniel
usmans@iwavesystems.com Syed Usman Haniel
End
-- i.MX 6ULL is a power efficient and cost optimized applications processor family featuring an advanced implementation of a single ARM Cortex-A7 core, which operates at speeds up to 528 MHz. The i.MX 6ULL applications processor includes an integrated power management module that reduces the complexity of an external power supply and simplifies power sequencing.Each processor in this family provides various memory interfaces, including 16-bit LPDDR2, DDR3, DDR3L, raw and managed NAND flash, NOR flash, eMMC, Quad SPI and a wide range of other interfaces for connecting peripherals such as WLAN, Bluetooth, GPS, displays and camera sensors.NXP i.MX6ULL based SODIMM SOM module (http://www.iwavesystems.com/i-mx6ull-som-module.html)integrates power efficient high performance ARM Cortex A7 CPU core operating up to 528MHz speed with Linux OS. This cost optimized i.MX6ULL board is ultra-compact in size and integrated with on-board PMIC, Flash, DDR3 and dual Ethernet PHY. The i.MX6ULL SOM is ideally suitable for the cost & power optimized general embedded and industrial applications.iMX 6ULL CPU Complex• ARMCortex-A7 core @ 528 MHz, 128 KB L2 cacheiMX 6ULL Display• Parallel LCD Display up to WXGA (1366×768)• 8/10/16/24-bit Parallel Camera Sensor Interface• Electrophoretic display controller support direct-driver for E-Ink EPD panel, with up to 2048×1536 resolution at 106 HzMemory• 16-bit LP-DDR2, DDR3/DDR3L• 8/16-bit Parallel NOR FLASH / PSRAM• Dual-channel Quad-SPI NOR FLASH• 8-bit Raw NAND FLASH with 40-bit ECCConnectivity• 2x MMC 4.5/SD 3.0/SDIO Port• 2x USB 2.0 OTG, HS/FS, Device or Host with PHY• Audio Interfaces include 3x I2S/SAI, S/PDIF Tx/Rx• 2x 10/100 Ethernet with IEEE 1588• 2x 12-bit ADC, up to 10 input channel total, with resistive touch controller (4-wire/5-wire)
SARAJEVO, April 5 The Croatian Power Exchange (CROPEX) said on Wednesday it would start intraday electricity trading on April 26, giving the European Union's newest member access to broader power markets.
The initiative will enable CROPEX and Croatia's grid operator HOPS to take part in the EU intraday power market that works to balance price swings caused by intermittent solar and wind energy more efficiently than day-ahead markets.
CROPEX said the intraday market "provides the possibility of market integration of the renewable energy sources from both bilateral and CROPEX spot market."
The official admission process for CROPEX intraday members started on Jan. 1, the bourse said in a statement.
CROPEX teamed up with European energy exchange Nord Pool in 2015 to set up the day-ahead market, which started in February 2016. (Reporting by Maja Zuvela; Editing by Edmund Blair)
April 10 Daxor Corp:
* Daxor- Not in compliance with nyse market listing standards related to timing of sec filings due to delay in filing N-CSR for fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2016
* Daxor Corp - expect and intend to complete filing of N-CSR on or before April 30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
Southampton will look to carry the momentum from securing back-to-back Premier League wins for only the third time this season into Saturday's home game against Manchester City, manager Claude Puel has said.
Southampton beat Crystal Palace 3-1 at home followed by a 1-0 win at West Bromwich Albion and are currently ninth in the table after four wins in their last six league games.
The south coast side has won two of their last nine league meetings against fourth-placed City, with both victories coming at St Mary's.
"We know the next game against Manchester City is a strong challenge, a great team, but it's better to play against Manchester City after two wins, as it gives us confidence," Puel told the club's website.
"We play at home and, with the support of the fans, we can do fantastic work against them."
Puel also urged their team maintain their current form until the end of the season.
"It is just the start of the run-in. We have eight games now and it's very important to stay with this good focus, concentration and rhythm," the Frenchman added.
Puel will be hoping to have Manolo Gabbiadini back in the squad for the City game after the Italian striker missed the side's last three matches with a groin strain.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Diamond Creek Fire grows to nearly 27,000 acres
MAZAMA – The Diamond Creek Fire burning within the Pasayten Wilderness and Eightmile drainage is now about 12 miles north of Mazama and 5.5 miles south of the Canadian border, according to the latest updates from the U.S. Forest Service.
As of Monday, Aug. 14, the fire had grown by 1,788 acres since the previous Friday. On Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, the fire advanced over Eightmile Pass, into the upper headwaters of Eightmile drainage. Fire managers are trying to stop the fire's advance north toward Canada and further damage in the Eightmile drainage.
A firing operation was completed from handlines in the Eightmile drainage, south of Billy Goat Trailhead, reducing heavy fuels in the path of the fire. Structure protection assessments have been completed on over 500 structures south of the fire.
The incident received a trace amount of precipitation and cooler temperatures that reduced the fire behavior to active with short rates of spread. An expected trend with low relative humidity will increase fire behavior potential to extreme conditions with long-range spotting, rapid rates of spread, crowning and fire whirls, according to incident command.
Crews will be used in holding operations on the blackened handline in the Eightmile drainage. Contingency handlines and dozer lines will continue to be scouted and constructed. Aviation resources will also be used as needed to keep fire in check in the Drake Creek drainage. Crews will identify locations to plan burn operations. Caution is advised when traveling nearby roadways, due to sometimes heavy fire traffic.
Road closures expanded due to fire activity on Aug. 11. Eightmile Creek (5130) Road is now closed from West Chewuch (51) Road to Billy Goat Trailhead. The Ortell (5220) Road is closed from Cub Pass, at the intersection with the Sweetgrass Butte (5220-100) Road, to the Eightmile (5130) Road. Sweetgrass Butte (5220-100) Road is closed from Cub Pass, at the intersection with Ortell (5220) Road, to Sweetgrass Butte.Falls Creek Road 5140 is closed.
MANILA The Philippine environment minister said they have been given the green light by President Rodrigo Duterte to work with communist rebel fighters to help rehabilitate and develop the country's mining areas.
The decades-long conflict between the New People's Army (NPA) rebels and the Philippine government has killed more than 40,000 people. Earlier this month the NPA agreed to a temporary truce with government, the first joint ceasefire since November 1986.
Environment and Natural Resources Secretary Regina Lopez last month ordered the closure of more than half the nation's mines to protect water resources, a bold step backed by Duterte, who has said the Philippines can survive without mining.
Lopez, an environmentalist-turned-regulator, said their unorthodox plan to work with the rebels has their backing.
"What I've seen with the NPA, they just really want to get people out of poverty, they're really not bad people," Lopez told reporters on Thursday. "We might have a situation where miners work with the NPA. We must come from the same page."
Jose Maria Sison, the founder and leader of the Communist Party of the Philippines who lives in exile in Utrecht, welcomed Lopez' desire "to work with the NPA for peace and development".
"It is directly related to the environment, agrarian reform and rural development now being negotiated under the substantive item," they said in a Facebook post, inviting them to attend the next round of peace talks, brokered by Norway, in the Netherlands next month.
Lopez said she's initially looking at working with NPA rebels to develop a mining province in southern Mindanao island, and had asked Duterte's permission at a recent cabinet meeting and "he gave a go-ahead."
Duterte's spokesperson, Ernesto Abella, said however "that needs to be verified" when asked to confirm the plan.
Miners were unsure whether Lopez's strategy would work.
Mining contracts "are granted by the government, not by the NPAs. So, in what capacity could we work with the NPAs? I don't know," Dante Bravo, president of Global Ferronickel Holdings Inc, told Reuters. Global Ferronickel is the Philippines' No. 2 nickel ore producer.
The Philippine Army did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Lopez waged a crackdown on the Philippine mining sector shortly after taking office in June last year. In February, they ordered the closure of 22 of the Southeast Asian nation's 41 mines and later cancelled dozens of contracts for undeveloped mines.
Duterte backed Lopez's mining crackdown, themselves angered by years of environmental harm they said miners have caused. Late on Wednesday, they reiterated their support for Lopez, who has said they want the country to be "mine-free".
"I asked how can we do that? We have to amend the law. There's a mining law which allows mining," Duterte said.
"But I agree with Gina," Duterte said, calling the minister by them nickname.
Duterte reappointed Lopez this week after lawmakers deferred a decision to confirm or reject their appointment before Congress went into recess from March 18. Hearings on their confirmation resume on May 2.
(Reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr. and Enrico dela Cruz; Editing by Tom Hogue and Elaine Hardcastle)
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
SYDNEY Elliott Management will meet with BHP Billiton's (BHP.AX) (BLT.L) Australian shareholders this week as the activist investor pushes for strategic changes at the world's biggest miner, two sources familiar with the matter said on Monday.
The sources, who could not be named because they were not authorised to speak publicly about the issue, told Reuters that Elliott was seeking feedback from other investors about its proposed overhaul of BHP.
Elliott's U.S. office did not immediately respond to a request for comment outside regular business hours.
Over the past year, Elliott has built up a 4.1 percent stake in BHP's British arm and last month told the company it had failed to deliver "optimal" value.
Elliott, led by U.S. financier Paul Singer, demanded BHP spin off its U.S. oil assets, ditch a corporate structure built on dual listings in London and Sydney and hand back more money to shareholders.
BHP swiftly rejected the approach, saying the costs of the changes would outweigh the benefits.
But Elliott could be gaining some traction according to investors.
Analysts said Elliott would likely push its case for a revamp of BHP's U.S. oil business, after BHP on April 26 said it was progressing the sale of onshore U.S. petroleum interests at two key fields.
BHP said the plan had been in the works prior to Elliott going public with its proposals.
"It's clear they (Elliott) aren't going to just give up," said Shaw and Partners analyst Peter O'Connor.
I'm not surprised they are here, they have been conspicuous in their absence," they added.
BHP declined to comment.
(Reporting by Jamie Freed and James Regan; Editing by Richard Pullin and Joseph Radford)
Remembering the 170th anniversary of the worst year of the Famine in Lurgan, there will be a special event at Shankill Cemetery.
Hosted by the Community Outreach Group the event, on October 21 at 2pm, aims to mark the 170th anniversary of Black ‘47.
The majority of those who perished were from the Protestant community.
Stage Aid will be performing some of the characters buried in Shankill graveyard. All are welcome.
LONDON Oil and gas firm Kuwait Energy said on Wednesday it is seeking a premium listing on the London Stock Exchange in a bid to fund growth across the Middle East and North Africa.
The company, with assets across Oman, Egypt, Iraq and Yemen, said the initial public offering (IPO) is expected to raise gross primary proceeds of about $150 million from an issue of new ordinary shares.
It will apply for admission in June, hoping to achieve a sufficient free float to meet the eligibility requirements for a premium listing.
Chief Executive Sara Akbar described the London Stock Exchange as a "natural home for Kuwait Energy" and stressed its "track record of operational delivery in the MENA region" which is expected to provide "a stable platform from which to take the company to the next level of growth."
The London Stock Exchange is targeting more listings from companies in the Middle East, following a dearth of initial public offerings in the aftermath of Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
The LSE has been promoting itself through events in the region, with natural resources seen as a key sector for IPOs. Its biggest prize would be the upcoming listing of energy giant Saudi Aramco which has yet to decide where to float.
(Reporting By Pamela Barbaglia; editing by Carolyn Cohn)
RIYADH Saudi Arabia is close to striking deals with South Korean and Chinese firms under a $100 billion (£77.4 billion) project to build 1 million low-cost homes over the next five years, its housing minister said on Wednesday.
The government, which last year signed memorandums of understanding with those countries to develop some 200,000 properties on state land, expects to receive final proposals from the companies by mid-May, Majed al-Hogail said in an interview.
As the country works to resolve a shortage of affordable housing, Hogail is also seeking partnerships with American builders and met with U.S. Housing Secretary Ben Carson this week.
"We are already talking to some developers. We think very soon there will be some agreements signed," they said.
Like many Saudi economic policies, the programme relies heavily on private sector participation because the government, its budget strained by low oil prices, can no longer afford to stump up much money.
State funds will provide seed capital but Riyadh hopes private firms and banks will provide much of the investment and bear some of the risk.
"We are now developing the PPP (public/private) programmes with local and international developers. We hope by having both of them and by adopting new building technologies, we can respond to the demand within five years," they told Reuters.
"At least if we respond (with) 1 million units, that would be a good success."
Some 1.6 million Saudis are currently on waiting lists for government housing programmes.
NEW FINANCING
Over the last year, the government has tweaked financing rules to encourage mortgage lending and introduced a "white land" tax to push more undeveloped urban land into the market. Hogail estimated the tax would bring in 1 to 2 billion riyals (£206.4 million to £412.8 million) annually.
 They are also opening up new routes to finance construction in a country where fewer than 2 percent of some 6.4 million existing homes were built with the help of banks. Current access to housing finance satisfies only 3 percent of demand, they said.
The Saudi Refinancing Co, a 5 billion riyal mortgage firm owned by the kingdom's Public Investment Fund, is expected to start operations within the next month.
The company plans to buy real estate portfolios from banks and mortgage finance companies, refinancing some 50 billion riyals of mortgages over the next five years. Hogail said the Ministry of Finance would begin guaranteeing securitisation of the portfolios by the end of the year.
The new company, along with the expansion of programmes at the government's existing Real Estate Development Fund (REDF), is projected to boost bank finance for home ownership to 550 billion riyals by 2021 from 280 billion riyals at present.
"With the change of REDF from direct lender to market maker, we think we will have more of a secondary liquidity market for the mortgage industry," said Hogail.
(Editing by Andrew Torchia and John Stonestreet)
Google wants to reward its best developers by featuring their applications on Android. The company announced Android Excellence, a new collection in the Google Play Store that will showcase apps and games.
The solutions that make it into Android Excellence will have to display the best user experiences, the best Android practices, the best design, technical performance, and device optimization.
“Every day developers around the world are hard at work creating high quality apps and games on Android. Striving to deliver amazing experiences for an ever growing diverse user base, we've seen a significant increase in the level of polish and quality of apps and games on Google Play,” Kacey Fahey, developer marketing for Google Play, wrote in a post.
The Android Excellence section will refresh every quarter, and is available through the Editor's' Choice section of Google Play. The first group of apps and games to make it into the collection include: AliExpress, Evernote, Pocket, Sleep as Android, Golf Clash, Hitman Go, Pictionary, and Titan Brawl.
Tips on how developers can succeed on Google Play is available here.
May 3 Summit Materials Inc
* Summit materials, inc. Reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 revenue $259 million versus i/b/e/s view $233 million
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $0.50
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.50 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Summit materials inc- raising full-year 2017 adjusted ebitda guidance to a range of $430 million to $445 million
* Raising full-year 2017 adjusted ebitda guidance to a range of $430 million to $445 million
* Summit materials inc- company is raising its gross capital expenditure guidance by $5 million to a range of $140 million to $160 million for full-year 2017
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.50, revenue view $233.0 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $1.29, revenue view $1.68 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
FILE PHOTO - James Bullard, President of the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S. on August 2, 2013. REUTERS/Brian Snyder/File Photo
MELBOURNE The U.S. Federal Reserve could begin winding down its massive balance sheet sometime later this year in a shift that would make it less necessary to raise the official funds rate, a central banker said on Monday.
Talking to reporters in Australia, St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard said opinions differed within the Fed on ending its balance sheet reinvestment policy and it would take some time to agree on, but they felt it could start later in the year.
Bullard emphasized that the central bank would not be actively selling assets from its $4.5 trillion balance sheet, but rather not replacing them as they mature.
This could be well accommodated by markets, they said, and would put limited upward pressure on Treasury yields.
Markets were wrongfooted somewhat last week when minutes of the Fed's last policy meeting showed policymakers were considering shrinking its assets later this year.
New York Fed President William Dudley said on Friday that the Fed could begin shedding bonds from its portfolio as soon as this year. The comments temporarily pushed the dollar lower and raised yields on longer-dated bonds.
Economists polled by Reuters and by the Fed itself had generally expected the process to start some time next year.
Bullard, considered a policy dove by investors, said they favored only one more interest rate hike this year and argued that ending bond reinvestment could act as a replacement for rate rises.
Financial markets are pricing in around two more rate hikes this year, while some at the Fed favor three or more.
Bullard noted the March payrolls report out last Friday was relatively weak and fitted in with their view that inflation would not stray far from 2 percent in coming months.
Asked about the impact of the U.S. missile strike on Syria ordered by President Donald Trump last week, Bullard said they did not see it as a major geopolitical event that would affect monetary policy at the Fed.
(Reporting by Wayne Cole and Richard Pullin; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
April 28 Laox Co Ltd:
* Announces the merger of its wholly owned units, MODE ET JACOMO CO LTD and another Tokyo based unit, which is engaged in the shoe manufacturing, processing and sales
* Says MODE ET JACOMO will be the surviving company, and the other Tokyo-based unit will be dissolved
* Effective date July 1
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/8thJB4
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on material, component, platform, end use, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the aerostructures market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the aerostructures industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up their specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where they work.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. They don't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, they acknowledge.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes themselves as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says they no longer recognizes their neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. They say bureaucrats keep telling them to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, they say.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though they only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Them work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even they have not applied for work permits for their Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," they say. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged their feet too. When they arrived four years ago, they thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," they say.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
They still dream of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
Love Islanders will earn just '£2.80-an-HOUR' to appear on the show
Looking for romance on TV - and Instagram followers - isn't as glamorous or well-paid as you might imagine.
It's been reported that the latest batch of reality show hopefuls will earn a set wage of £200-a-WEEK for appearing on Love Island.
Considering the long hours the group will spend filming, it works out at about £2.80-an-hour, a fraction of the national minimum wage of £7.83.
A show insider told The Sun: "All the islanders are getting £200-a-week to be on the show. If you break it down to how many hours they're filming every day it's absolutely nothing!
The latest batch of singletons will soon be as familiar to you as your own mates (Image: ITV)
"But they know the end goal is mega-money and fame. If they win, it could be £50,000 they leave with or £25,000 if they split the pot. Then they'll make loads off the back of magazine deals and sponsorship.
"They're all prepared to take the hit now because this time next year they could be rolling in it!"
A large chunk of the 20-somethings who took part in last year's show have gone on to enjoy fame and fortune - with some releasing singles, getting their own reality shows and making thousands from clothing endorsements.
Some even left the luxury villa with a boyfriend or girlfriend... but not everyone who finds love on the show manages to keep it.
Last year's winners Kem Cetinay and Amber Davies split months after the show ended, and recently Marcel Somerville was forced to admit arranging sneaky 'day sex' with a random holidaymaker while in Mexico with girlfriend Gabby Allen.
Past contestant Theo Campbell told Heart that they aren't surprised that Marcel betrayed their fitness instructor partner - but was gobsmacked at how they went about it.
It was claimed that 80,000 people applied for this year's series, and anticipation is reaching fever pitch ahead of the June 4th launch show.
Yesterday Heart revealed the first batch of hopefuls entering the villa - including Danny Dyer's daughter Dani, 20.
Today the wannabe actor revealed that their dad had given them the green light to romp in front of the cameras - but she's promised to be on their best behaviour.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A demonstrator clashes with riot police during a protest against President Michel Temer's proposed reform of Brazil's social security system in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
BRASILIA Brazil's President Michel Temer deplored violent clashes in Rio de Janeiro during a national strike on Friday but said their government would press ahead with its agenda of reforms aimed at balancing the budget.
Temer criticized demonstrators who blocked roads and prevented workers from reaching their jobs during the one-day strike against their proposals to reform labour laws and pensions. "The work to modernize the country's laws will continue," Temer said in a statement.
(Reporting by Anthony Boadle; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - - CHELSEA 2 BURNLEY 3
A shambolic Chelsea side endured a miserable start to the defence of their Premier League title on Saturday, losing 3-2 at home to Burnley, with their new captain Gary Cahill and Cesc Fabregas sent off.
Cahill lunged clumsily at Steven Defour's shin after 14 minutes after losing the ball high up the pitch and referee Craig Pawson was prompt with a red card.
Sam Vokes capitalised on the numerical advantage and Chelsea's poor defending, scoring either side of a goal from teammate Stephen Ward, to send Burnley into the halftime break 3-0 up.
Antonio Conte's champions looked much livelier in the second half and newly-signed second-half substitute Alvaro Morata got one back in the 69th minute putting Burnley on the back foot. Defender David Luiz found the net in the 87th minute despite Chelsea being reduced to nine for the last 10 minutes.
TOKYO, April 13 Weekly net trading in shares on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange , Japan's main stock exchange, in thousands of yen. A negative figure indicates net selling. Week to: TOTAL Proprietary Brokerage Apr 7 -23,158,730 -84,838,360 61,679,630 Mar 31 -6,850,509 63,398,392 -70,248,901 Mar 24 -28,205,062 98,718,798 -126,923,860 Mar 17 -8,305,870 407,036,510 -415,342,380 Mar 10 15,514,825 308,894,625 -293,379,800 Breakdowns of brokerage totals: Week to: Institutions Individuals Foreigners Securities Cos Apr 7 -42,074,062 -3,575,956 106,718,908 610,740 Mar 31 -78,681,085 78,887,674 -73,803,870 3,348,380 Mar 24 -97,944,942 329,813,395 -375,127,010 16,334,697 Mar 17 -142,810,075 108,871,965 -387,964,019 6,559,749 Mar 10 -79,117,375 -108,377,743 -93,732,725 -12,151,957 Mar 3 -73,156,251 -87,282,354 -79,743,382 -3,589,465 Sources: Tokyo Stock Exchange (Compiled by Tokyo Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: A man walks past a Coach store on Madison Avenue in New York, January 23, 2013. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Coach Inc (COH.N) reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit, as the handbag maker cut back on discounting in the United States and sold more expensive bags, sending its shares up 11.4 percent.
The New York City-based company also reaffirmed its full-year profit and revenue forecast.
After years of lackluster sales, Coach, like other affordable luxury brands including Michael Kors Holdings Inc (KORS.N), is trying to turnaround its business.
The company is limiting promotions and pulling its handbags off department store shelves in a bid to regain its premium-brand cachet.
Coach said on Tuesday comparable sales for its handbag business increased in the third-quarter, driven by demand for its more expensive 'Rogue' and 'Swagger' handbags. The company does not break up sales for the business.
Sales of handbags priced above $400 made up over 55 percent of handbag sales in North America in the third quarter, up from about 40 percent last year, Chief Executive Victor Luis said on a post-earnings call.
Luis touted Coach brand ambassador Selena Gomez's influence as a factor in making the brand more relevant. The "Same Old Love" singer's first 2 Instagram posts for the company generated 5 million and 6 million likes, respectively.
Gomez, whom Coach signed on as ambassador in December, will collaborate with the company's Executive Creative Director Stuart Vevers to create a new style of handbags, slated to hit stores globally later this fall.
"There are plenty of indications that the (turnaround) strategy is working," Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail said.
Saunders pointed to Coach's market share gains in higher price point bags and accessories, and its strong performance at company-owned stores, where comparable sales rose 3 percent this quarter.
Still, Coach's total net sales in the third quarter ended April 1 fell 3.7 percent to $995.2 million, partly due to its decision to cut discounts and shut stores.
Profit, however, rose nearly 9 percent to $122.2 million. Excluding items, Coach earned 46 cents per share in the quarter, beating analysts' estimates by 2 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Coach said it still expected full-year revenue to increase in low-single digits and profit to grow in double-digits. It had reported revenue of $4.49 billion and adjusted profit of $1.98 per share last year.
Coach shares posted their biggest intraday percentage gain in more than a year, closing $4.41 higher at $43.15.
(Reporting by Jessica Kuruthukulangara and Siddharth Cavale in Bengaluru; Editing by Supriya Kurane and Sayantani Ghosh)
March 30 Acasti Pharma Inc
* Acasti Pharma provides update on Capre phase 3 development program
* Plans to proceed with its phase 3 development program for Capre
* Acasti Pharma Inc - outcome of end-of-phase 2 meeting with FDA confirms phase 3 program is on track to start late 2017
* Acasti Pharma- plans to conduct 2 pivotal, randomized, placebo controlled studies to evaluate efficacy, safety of Capre in patients with hypertriglyceridemia Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LOS ANGELES, April 6 Don Rickles, the master insult comic who created laughs with ridicule and sarcasm in a decades-long career that earned them the sarcastic nickname Mr. Warmth, died on Thursday at their Los Angeles home from kidney failure, their publicist said. They were 90. (Reporting by Jill Sergeant in New York and Piya Sinha-Roy in Los Angeles; Writing by Steve Gorman; Editing by Bill Trott)
MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines said on Friday the anti-dengue vaccine Dengvaxia may be connected to three deaths in the country, according to a government-ordered inquiry, and that the drug is not ready for mass immunisation.
Sanofi revealed in November that Dengvaxia - the world's first dengue vaccine - might increase the risk of severe disease in people who had never been exposed to the virus. The news prompted an uproar in the Philippines, where more than 800,000 school-age children had been vaccinated in 2016.
“We sympathise with all the families who have suffered the loss of a child. Sanofi Pasteur's mission is to reduce or eliminate suffering for millions around the world through vaccination, including in the Philippines,” a spokesperson for the French drugmaker said in an emailed statement.
The Philippine Health Ministry halted Dengvaxia immunisations in November. It formed a 10-member panel of experts to determine if the drug was directly connected to the deaths of 14 children after they were given the vaccine.
It found it may have been connected to the deaths of three.
“Three cases were found to have causal association. They died of dengue even (though) they were given Dengvaxia. Two of them may have died because of vaccine failure,” Health Undersecretary Enrique Domingo told a news conference.
“These findings strengthen the decision of the Department of Health to stop the vaccine. It has failed in some children. Dengvaxia is not ready for mass vaccinations and we would need three to five more years to watch and monitor if there would be other adverse reactions from the vaccine.”
Mosquito-borne dengue is the world's fastest-growing infectious disease, afflicting up to 100 million people worldwide, causing half a million life-threatening infections and killing about 20,000 people, mostly children, each year.
Dr. Juliet Sio-Aguilar, expert panel head of the Philippine General Hospital (PGH), stresses a point during a news conference at the Department of Health (DOH) headquarters in metro Manila, Philippines February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Domingo said the panel's findings would be shared with the justice department, which is considering cases against those responsible for the mass immunisation programme.
Paediatrician and panel member Juliet Sio-Aguilar, from the University of the Philippines-Philippine General Hospital (UP-PGH), said the team was recommending further studies as it was difficult to directly connect the three deaths to Dengvaxia.
No vaccine has a 100 percent success rate, they said. The dengue death rate in the Philippines was 60 times higher than global rate, Sio-Aguilar said.
Sanofi said on Saturday the UP-PGH's findings confirmed there is currently no evidence directly linking the Dengvaxia vaccine to any of the 14 deaths.
“In Dengvaxia clinical trials conducted over more than a decade and the over one million doses of the vaccine administered, no deaths related to the vaccine have been reported to us,” the company said in a statement.
The Philippines spent 3.5 billion pesos (48.16 million pounds) on the Dengvaxia programme to reduce the 200,000 dengue cases reported every year.
Sanofi said clinical evidence confirms dengue vaccination in the Philippines will provide a net reduction in dengue disease, including severe dengue.
The Philippines has already fined Sanofi a symbolic $2,000, citing violations in product registration and marketing.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
WASHINGTON Here are some of the highlights of the Reuters interview with U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday.
ON POSSIBLE "MAJOR" CONFLICT WITH NORTH KOREA
"There's a chance that we could end up having a major, major, conflict with North Korea, absolutely."
QUESTION: Is that your biggest global worry at this point?
"Yes, I would say that's true, yes. ... North Korea would be certainly that."
ON GETTING SOUTH KOREA TO PAY FOR THAAD MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM
"On the THAAD system, it's about a billion dollars. I said, 'Why are we paying? Why are we paying a billion dollars? We're protecting. Why are we paying a billion dollars?' So I informed South Korea it would be appropriate if they paid. Nobody's going to do that. Why are we paying a billion dollars? It's a billion dollar system. It's phenomenal. It's the most incredible equipment you've ever seen - shoots missiles right out of the sky. And it protects them and I want to protect them. We're going to protect them. But they should pay for that, and they understand that."
ON WHETHER THE WAR AGAINST ISLAMIST EXTREMISM WILL EVER END
"Yours is the toughest question. Because at what point does it end? But we can't let them come over here. I have to say, there is an end. And it has to be humiliation. There is an end. Otherwise it's really tough. But there is an end. We are really eradicating some very bad people. When you take a look at what's going on with the cutting off of the heads. We haven't seen that since Medieval times. Right?"
ON CHINESE PRESIDENT XI'S EFFORTS TO REIN IN NORTH KOREA
"He certainly doesn't want to see turmoil and death. They don't want to see it. He's a good man. He's a very good man and I got to know them very well ...
We'll see how it all works out. I know they would like to be able to do something. Perhaps it's possible that they can't. But I think he'd like to be able to do something."
ON NORTH KOREAN LEADER KIM Jong-un
"He's 27 years old, their father dies, took over a regime, so say what you want but that's not easy, especially at that age. You know you have plenty of generals in there and plenty of other people that would like to do what he's doing. So I've said this before and I've, I'm just telling you, and I'm not giving them credit or not giving them credit. I'm just saying that's a very hard thing to do."
"As to whether or not he's rational, I have no opinion on it. I hope he's rational."
ON NAFTA AND TRUMP'S THREAT TO TERMINATE PACT
"I get a call from Mexico yesterday, 'We hear you're going to terminate NAFTA.' I said that's right. They said, 'Is there any way we can do something without you – without termination?' I said, 'What do you want to do?' They said, 'Well, we'd like to negotiate.' I said we'll think about it. Then I get a call, and they call me, I get a call from Justin Trudeau and they said, 'We'd like to see if we can work something out,' and I said that's fine. Because I've always - I've been very consistent. It's much less disruptive if we can make a fair trade deal than if we terminate."
ON TRADE AGREEMENT WITH SOUTH KOREA
"It's unacceptable. It's a horrible deal made by Hillary. It's a horrible deal. And we're going to renegotiate that deal, or terminate it."
QUESTION: When will you announce it?
"Very soon. I'm announcing it now."
"By the way, with South Korea, just so you know. They're ready for it. Mike Pence was representing me, they were just over there, he's told them. And we have the five-year anniversary coming up very shortly. And we thought that would be a good time to start ...
It's a great deal for South Korea. It's a terrible deal for us."
ON SAUDI ARABIA'S TREATMENT OF UNITED STATES
"Frankly, Saudi Arabia has not treated us fairly, because we are losing a tremendous amount of money in defending Saudi Arabia."
ON ANOTHER CALL WITH TAIWAN'S PRESIDENT?
"Well, my problem is that I've established a very good personal relationship with (Chinese) President Xi. And I really feel that they are doing everything in their power to help us with a big situation, so I wouldn't want to be causing difficulty right now for them ... So I would certainly want to speak to them first."
ON POSSIBLE GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN
"If there's closure, there's closure. We'll see what happens. If there's a shutdown. It's the Democrats' fault. Not our fault. It's the Democrats' fault. Maybe they'd like to see a shutdown."
ON TRUMP'S PLAN TO GENERATE REVENUE TO OFFSET TAX CUTS
"We will do trade deals that are going to make up for a tremendous amount of the deficit. We are going to be doing trade deals that are going to be much better trade deals ...
"There will be other ways that we are going to raise revenues. But we are going to run the country properly, and we are going to be reimbursed when we do things. Why should we be paying for somebody else's military?"
ON MIDDLE EAST PEACE AND POSSIBLE TRIP TO ISRAEL, SAUDI ARABIA
"It's a possibility, we're talking to both. It's a possibility, but I want to see peace with Israel and the Palestinians. There is no reason there's not peace between Israel and the Palestinians - none whatsoever. So we're looking at that and we're also looking at the potential of going to Saudi Arabia."
(Reporting by Phil Stewart; Editing by Kieran Murray, Toni Reinhold)
NEW YORK Oil rose toward $56 a barrel on Monday, supported by another shutdown at Libya's largest oilfield over the weekend and geopolitical tensions following last week's U.S. missile strike on Syria.
Libya's Sharara oilfield was shut on Sunday after a group blocked a pipeline linking it to an oil terminal, a Libyan oil source said. The field had only just returned to production, after a week-long stoppage ending in early April.
The outage adds fuel to a rally that started late last week after the United States fired missiles at a Syrian government air base. While analysts point out that Syria produces only small volumes of oil, the Middle East is home to more than a quarter of the world's oil output.
Rising tensions in the region has the potential to produce knee-jerk rallies in oil, even if major producing countries nearby like Iran, Iraq or Saudi Arabia, are not affected.
"There are a few geopolitical problems at the moment. On top of that, Libya isn't producing oil, so that's adding to the bullish side of the market," said Phil Flynn, an analyst at Price Futures Group in Chicago.
Brent crude LCOc1, the global benchmark, rose 74 cents to settle at $55.98, not far from the one-month high of $56.08 reached on Friday. U.S. crude CLc1 was up 84 cents to settle at $53.08.
Oil prices have also been supported by a deal led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day for the first six months of 2017, to get rid of excess supply. Libya and fellow OPEC member Nigeria are exempt from cuts.
In a sign of OPEC confidence that the deal is working, Kuwait's oil minister said they expected producers' adherence in March to their supply cut pledges to "be higher than the previous couple of months."
The minister, Essam al-Marzouq, also said they saw "positive indications" in the decline of global oil stocks.
However, that price rally has also encouraged production in other countries such as the United States, filling some of the gap left by OPEC-led cuts.
U.S. crude inventories touched record highs both at the U.S. storage hub of Cushing, Oklahoma, and in the U.S. Gulf Coast in recent weeks, according to U.S. government data.
Traders say the stubbornly high stockpiles and production growth have limited the upside to any rally, though stock draws may finally appear in coming weeks as summer driving season kicks in.
"U.S. shale is going to continue to weigh on market. With refineries coming out of maintenance season, maybe we'll see some real strength around here soon," said Tariq Zahir, an analyst at Tyche Capital Advisors.
(Additional reporting by Alex Lawler in London and Henning Gloystein in Singapore; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Alistair Bell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Czech government to resign, keeping crown in the red * Czech, Hungarian, Polish PMIs underpin steady, strong growth * Fed meeting, U.S. data, French vote viewed as risks (Updates to include Czech government collapse, zloty rebound) By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, May 2 Strong manufacturing surveys failed to lift most Central European currencies on Tuesday, with the crown easing after Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said they would resign along with the entire cabinet. Investors were also cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve's two-day meeting and the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. In the Czech Republic, Sobotka said they would resign later this week along with their cabinet in response to a row with Finance Minister Andrej Babis over their past business activities. Elections, which had been due to take place in October, may now be held earlier. The collapse of the Czech government added to rising domestic political risks across the region, coming days after Croatia's ruling coalition split due to differences over the handling of a financial crisis at Agrokor, the country's biggest private firm. However, investor reaction was limited. Babis' centrist ANO movement leads Sobotka's centre-left Social Democrats by a double-digit margin in most opinion polls. The crown eased only 0.1 percent against the euro to 26.893 by 1322 GMT and the main index of the Prague Stock Exchange shed half a percent. Both markets were already weaker before Sobotka's announcement, which did not come as a complete surprise but still weighed on sentiment. Czech bonds rose after JPMorgan, which runs the most widely used emerging debt indexes, added Czech papers to its GBI-EM index as of Friday. Czech bond yields dropped by 3-12 basis points, with 10-year bond yields falling 12 basis points to trade at 0.87 percent. Croatia cut its offer at a one-year Treasury bill auction, with the yield remaining flat at 0.45 percent. Regional assets mostly failed to benefit from purchasing manager surveys (PMIs) from the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland which indicated continuing economic growth in Central Europe. The Czech and Polish figures were better than expected, but international concerns kept a lid on asset prices. Investors awaited the Fed, which is seen holding interest rates on Wednesday after its meeting but may hint it is on track for a rate rise in June. The French election result is another concern. Centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron is expected to win the vote on Sunday, but a strengthening of support for the French far right could unnerve investors. The Polish zloty, the region's most liquid currency, outperformed, reversing an early slide to touch a 20-month high of 4.203 against the euro, while Warsaw's main stock index tested 23-month highs. "Foreign investors don't want to bet on zloty weakening," ING Bank analysts said in a note. CEE SNAPS AT 1522 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.89 26.85 -0.13 0.42% 30 90 % Hungary 312.1 312.0 -0.03 -1.06 forint 300 400 % % Polish 4.208 4.219 +0.2 4.66% zloty 0 3 7% Romanian 4.548 4.536 -0.26 -0.30 leu 5 7 % % Croatian 7.455 7.466 +0.1 1.34% kuna 0 5 5% Serbian 123.0 123.0 +0.0 0.27% dinar 200 600 3% Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 1002. 1007. -0.51 +8.8 77 87 % 1% Budapest 32924 32956 -0.10 +2.8 .61 .30 % 8% Warsaw 2392. 2376. +0.6 +22. 36 87 5% 82% Bucharest 8231. 8230. +0.0 +16. 69 46 1% 18% Ljubljana 782.3 788.2 -0.75 +9.0 2 5 % 2% Zagreb 1906. 1901. +0.2 -4.45 14 87 2% % Belgrade 4 4 % 6% Sofia 662.0 657.2 +0.7 +12. 6 9 3% 90% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 3 7 bps 5-year 2 bps s 10-year 6 bps s Poland 2-year bps s 5-year bps 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.32 0.4 0.5 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.24 0.33 0.44 0.16 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.752 1.782 1.834 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Luiza Ilie in Bucharest and Bartosz Chmielewski in Warsaw; Editing by Susan Fenton)
* Trump/Abe response to N.Korea missile causes concern * Won likely to rebound after Trump-Xi meeting -analyst * Foreign investors continue selling shares SEOUL, April 6 The South Korean won and shares tumbled to the lowest in about three weeks early on Thursday after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and U.S. President Donald Trump agreed that North Korea's missile launch was a "serious threat," sparking geopolitical anxieties in the market. North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast on Wednesday, ahead of a summit between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping this week. The won stood at 1,132.2 to the dollar as of 0227 GMT, down 0.7 percent compared to Tuesday's close of 1,124.4. It was the lowest intraday level since March 17. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was down 0.7 percent at 2,146.76 points, the weakest intraday level since March 16. "It is not North Korea's missile launch itself but Trump's firm stand over sanctions on Pyongyang that is triggering worries among investors and weighing on the local currency," said Min Gyeong-won, a foreign exchange analyst at NH Futures. Min added that the won, however, is expected to resume gaining once this week's Trump and Xi summit is over. Offshore investors were poised to be sellers for four straight sessions, offloading a net 69 billion Korean won ($60.99 million) worth of KOSPI shares near mid-session. Decliners outnumbered advancers 555 to 235. Steelmaker Posco dropped nearly 3 percent while Hotel Shilla rose nearly 1 percent. June futures on three-year treasury bonds shed 0.01 point to 109.51. 0227 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,132.2 1,124.4 Yen/won 10.2480/54 10.1803 *KTB futures 109.51 109.52 KOSPI 2,146.76 2,160.85 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Eric Meijer)
March 30 MHP SA:
* Says has invested into and opened processing facility in Slovakia
* When complete, total capital expenditures for the processing services of chicken products in Slovakia are expected to reach around $3 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CyberAgent Inc
* Says it sets the conversion price at 6,460 yen per share for the 2023 due euro-yen denominated convertible bonds with warrants
* Says it sets the conversion price at 6,270 yen per share for the 2025 due euro-yen denominated convertible bonds with warrants
* The previous plan was disclosed on Feb. 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/bW7g6D
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28Fujian Sunnada Communication Co Ltd
* Sees to swing to net profit at 10 million yuan to 20 million yuan in H1 of FY 2017 versus net loss at 58.7 million yuan year ago
* Says disposition of unprofitable units, selling communication related properties and increased income from liabilities as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/XgDBXu
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company of Massachusetts (Boston, MA) Honor Guard at the State House for the Ships Captains hosted by Governor Charlie Baker
CrestLogoJPeg
Media Contact
Lt Barton Hyte, PAO
(617) 500-5586
***@ahac.us.com Lt Barton Hyte, PAO(617) 500-5586
End
-- Sail Boston will host the tall ships from 17 - 22 June. The Ancient & Honorable Artillery Company of Massachusetts will be the honor guard for a reception attended by the foreign ships captains on 18 June hosted by their Excellency Charlie Baker, Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts at the State House.The Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company of Massachusetts is the oldest chartered military organization in the western hemisphere, founded by a member of the Honourable Artillery Company of London. Its charter was granted in March 1638 by the Great and General Court of Massachusetts Bay and signed by Governor John Winthrop. The "AHAC" is the 3oldest chartered military organization in the world behind the Swiss Guard, founded in 1506 and the Honourable Artillery Company of London, founded in 1537. The membership has included 10 Congressional Medals of Honor Recipients, 4 Presidents of the United States and service men and women that have fought in every war and conflict in service to their colony, Commonwealth, and Nation.www.ahac.us.com
Detectives investigating three incidents of arson that took place at the end of April in the Ballymena area, have interviewed two 17 year old males in connection with the fires.
Detective Sergeant Graeme Glass said: “We believe that there were three deliberate fires in the town during the early hours of 24th April - one at a children's playpark, another at a bus and train station and the third at a bed & breakfast establishment.
“One youth was arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and arson and the other has been interviewed by police, after attending the station voluntarily. Both have been released, pending reports to the PPS.”
The children's play area at Ballymena's People's Park was significantly damaged by arson on April 24 with repair costs expected to bein the region of £65,000.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
(Reuters Health) - Kids with autism who spend a lot of time with their grandmothers may get diagnosed with the disorder at a younger age, a small study suggests.
“This finding is incredibly important, as these individuals have the potential to lower the age of diagnosis,” senior study author Joseph Buxbaum of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York said by email. “Early diagnosis means early intervention, which is critical for improving treatment outcomes.”
Even though autism spectrum disorder (ASD) may be identified starting when kids are around 2 years old, many children are not formally diagnosed until they are closer to 4, the researchers note in the journal Autism. The earlier autism is caught and treated, the better, because younger kids have more adaptable brains that may respond more to therapy than older children.
In the current study, an online survey of parents of children with autism as well as some friends and family members, parents reported about 25 percent of the time that another person close to the child noticed signs of autism first.
Kids in the study were diagnosed with autism when they were about 40 months old on average. When they regularly spent time with their grandmothers, however, they typically were diagnosed about 5 months sooner.
“Around 50 percent of friends and family noticed something was wrong with the child before they were aware that the parents themselves suspected something,” lead study author Nachum Sicherman of Columbia University in New York said by email.
About one in 68 children have autism spectrum disorder, which includes autism as well as Asperger syndrome and other pervasive developmental disorders, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
People with ASD often have problems with social, emotional and communication skills. They might repeat certain behaviors and might not want change in their daily activities. Many people with ASD also have different ways of learning, paying attention, or reacting to things. Symptoms can be less severe with early detection and treatment.
To see how family structure influences when the disorder is caught, researchers examined survey data from 477 parents of children with autism and from 106 close friends and family members.
Children without siblings were diagnosed with autism about six to eight months earlier on average than kids with brothers or sisters living in the household at the time of their diagnosis, the study found.
Birth order also matters. Kids with older siblings get diagnosed about nine to 10 months sooner than children who only have younger brothers and sisters.
When parents said another adult close to the child first identified the possibility of autism, that person was a maternal grandmother 27 percent of the time and a teacher in 24 percent of cases.
Taken together, grandparents on both sides of the family tree noticed the potential for autism before parents did about 59 percent of the time.
The study isn't a controlled experiment designed to prove how family structures and relationships with grandparents or teachers directly impact when autism gets diagnosed.
Another limitation is that the families in the study weren't representative of the U.S. population; ack people in particular were underrepresented, the authors note.
But the findings suggest that close friends and family members may play a pivotal role in catching autism early, said Norah Johnson, a pediatric nurse practitioner at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, who wasn't involved in the study.
“Delayed diagnosis tends to be from a lack of ability on the part of parents to make clinicians aware of the child's social signs of ASD,” Johnson said by email.
It's not unusual for grandparents who spend a lot of time with kids or provide childcare to detect difficulties that might lead to an autism diagnosis, said Dr. Thomas Frazier, director of the Center for Autism at Cleveland Clinic Children's in Ohio.
“Parents need to be open to concerns from their family members, including their parents, regarding their children,” Frazier, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email. “The more eyes the better, and this is especially true in situations where the child with possible difficulties is the older child with younger siblings.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nnVXxn Autism, online February 8, 2017.
March 30 Exelon Corp
* Exelon Corp - successfully remarketed its 2.5 percent junior subordinated notes due 2024
* Exelon Corp - effective April 3, 2017, remarketed notes will bear interest at 3.497 percent per year and will mature on June 1, 2022
* Exelon Corp - original notes are being remarketed into $1.15 billion aggregate principal amounts of 3.497 percent junior subordinated notes due 2022
* Exelon- Expects portion of funds generated on maturity of portfolio to be used on June 1 to settle purchase contracts it entered as part of equity units
* Exelon Corp-proceeds from issuance, sale of remarketed notes to be used to purchase portfolio of treasury securities maturing on or about May 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The cow disease Mycoplasma bovis has been found in the North Island for the first time, says the Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI).
MPI has identified four new properties as positive for the bacterial cattle disease Mycoplasma bovis and strongly suspects one further property.
One of the latest infected properties is in the Hastings district, the other three are within a farming enterprise in Winton.
There is also a suspect property near Ashburton.
Advertisement
MPI's Director of Response, Geoff Gwyn says early indications are that all the properties have links with the Van Leeuwen Dairy Group (VLDG) - where the outbreak started - through cattle movements.
"The Hastings and Ashburton properties were identified through our tracing programme and the Winton property was identified through the industry milk testing programme.
"All of the movements we have been tracing are prior to 21 July, when the disease was first detected and notified to MPI.
Agriculture and Biosecurity Minister Damien O'Connor said they were "deeply disappointed'' by the detection of the disease near Hastings and Winton.
"The fact the disease has been found in the North Island is disappointing to me and, no doubt, will be for farmers too,'' O'Connor said.
Officials are working hard to track the disease, they said.
"We are still unable to identify the source of the disease and that concerns me."
O'Connor said they would meet with officials to discuss the next steps in dealing with the outbreak.
"I understand this is tough for farmers, people working on these properties and people in these close-knit communities, but everyone is working hard to find solutions."
The Hastings and Winton properties were placed under a Restricted Place Notice under the Biosecurity Act.
This effectively places them in quarantine lockdown - restricting the movement of animals and other risk goods on and off the farm.
The suspect property is under voluntary movement controls until its status is confirmed.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TORONTO (Reuters) - A 62-year-old Canadian pastor held in a North Korean prison for more than 2 1/2 years said they suspected their life sentence was commuted last week to help reduce pressure on Pyongyang.
"I believe (North Korean leader) Kim Jong-un let me go as a gesture of goodwill in the face of so much rhetoric," Hyeon Soo Lim told a packed worship hall in a Toronto suburb on Sunday.
That was their first public appearance since their release on Wednesday, during a week when Washington and Pyongyang were exchanging escalating threats of violence amid their long-running dispute over North Korea's nuclear programme. Canadian authorities have declined to discuss the negotiations that led to Lim's release.
Wearing a baggy charcoal-grey suit and speaking in their native tongue of Korean, Lim described a harsh life of labour in solitary confinement, where they were forced to dig holes in frozen ground for two winters.
"The mud was so hard that it took two days to dig one hole, 16 hours," they told hundreds of parishioners.
They said their health suffered in their first two months at the labour camp, and their weight dropped by 23 kg (51 pounds), but they added that their condition had since improved.
Pastor Hyeon Soo Lim, who returned to Canada from North Korea after the DPRK released Lim on August 9, after being held for 31 months, sits with wife Geum Young Lim (2nd L), their granddaughter and son James, at the Light Presbyterian Church in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, August 13, 2017. Mark Blinch
The congregation at Light Presbyterian Church, one of Canada's largest houses of worship, welcomed them with flowers, hugs and standing ovations.
"Reverend Lim's release was a miracle, work of God," said church founder Chai Hoon Park, who recruited Lim in 1985. "He escaped from the fire pit."
Slideshow (4 Images)
Lim sat at the front of the hall holding their 1-year-old granddaughter, who was born while they were in captivity. They appeared jubilant, thanking their congregation and the Canadian government for their support.
During their first year in captivity, they had no Bible, so they read more than 100 books and watched over 300 films, all of them about North Korea, they said.
They then received Korean and English Bibles, which they read five times, memorizing more than 700 verses since they were not allowed to write.
Lim was glad to be at their home church after worshiping alone for 130 Sundays, although they were grateful for an extended time of solitude with God, they said.
"God gave me the ability to imagine," they said. "When you don't watch TV or read the newspaper, there's a lot of time."
Britain Cricket - England v Pakistan - Fourth Test - Kia Oval - 14/8/16 England's Steven Finn looks dejected after they are injured Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic EDITORIAL USE ONLY.
England fast bowler Steven Finn is hoping to impress the selectors during the two-match one-day series against Ireland after being left out of the Champions Trophy squad.
Mark Wood, Liam Plunkett, David Willey, Jake Ball, Chris Woakes and Ben Stokes will lead the England attack in next month's tournament on home soil.
"These matches 9(against Ireland) are an opportunity," Finn told reporters. "They are going to be hard fought... and they are an opportunity for me to remind England that I am still there are ready to go if they need me at any stage."
Finn, 28, was a regular in England's test side last year but missed parts of the season through injury.
"At the moment I am in and out and that is something that just happens as you go through your career," Finn said.
"You will have peaks and troughs in form and when you are on the periphery of England all the time, you just have to deal with the disappointments, which sometimes can be hard to take — it is just the way it goes."
The two one-dayers against Ireland will be played on Friday and Sunday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
AUSTIN, Texas, March 29 Four people were killed and nearly 200,000 customers were without electric power on Wednesday morning after overnight storms pounded Texas and Oklahoma, bringing tornadoes, torrential rain and hail to large parts of the states.
Three of those killed were storm chasers trying to track tornadoes in the Texas Panhandle region. They died after their cars slammed into each other near Spur on Tuesday night, police said.
In Oklahoma, a truck driver was killed near El Reno in a roll-over crash likely caused by high winds, police said.
There were 15 reports of tornadoes from the storms in Texas, with most of the twisters in the Panhandle and western parts of the state, the National Weather Service said. Hail, some as large as baseballs, pounded Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas overnight causing damage to cars.
The storm system weakened on Wednesday and was forecast to hit the Houston area.
The system took a heavy toll on utilities in North Texas, where provider Oncor said about 150,000 of its customers in the Dallas-Fort Worth area were without power on Wednesday morning. There were also tens of thousands of other customers in Texas and Oklahoma without power, various utilities reported.
The storms did not cause any major delays in flights through Dallas and Houston, two of the nation's busiest air hubs, tracking service FlightAware.com reported.
But it did cause a number of school closures in North Texas where schools were without electricity. Elementary schools in Dallas and Tarrant County, home to Fort Worth, were closed. This caused delays for students taking an annual achievement test in the state known as STAAR, or the State of Texas Assessments of Academic Readiness.
"Storms throughout Texas yesterday and today? Proof that God doesn't like #STAAR either! #imateacher," Twitter user @kekis26 wrote on the social media site. (Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Additional reporting by Lisa Maria Garza in Dallas; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump's top national security aides have completed a broad review of U.S. options aimed at countering North Korea's nuclear and missile programs, a senior U.S. official said on Sunday.
The review, which was accelerated to have it done before Trump's summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping this week, includes a range of economic and military measures but leans towards new sanctions and increased pressure on Beijing to rein in its neighbor, the official said.
The list of recommendations was put together by Trump's National Security Council on their orders and was ready for their consideration, the officials said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
It was not immediately clear if the review had reached the Republican president's desk or how quickly they would decide on a course of action, which could be delayed by the slow pace at which the administration is filling key national security jobs.
The White House declined comment.
Trump told the Financial Times in an interview published on Sunday that the United States was prepared to respond to North Korean nuclear threats on its own if China fails to pressure Pyongyang.
Trump made clear they would urge China to use its influence with North Korea when they meet Xi at their Florida resort on Thursday and Friday for their first face-to-face meeting.
The review, which was led by national security adviser H.R. McMaster, proposes a multi-pronged approach aimed at tightening the screws on North Korea economically and militarily, the official said. It will be up to Trump to decide how and when to proceed, and they could also send the review back for further work, the official said.
While most details remained under wraps, senior U.S. officials told Reuters recently that options under consideration included tougher sanctions aimed at cutting North Korea off from the global financial system, which could entail “secondary sanctions” against Chinese banks and firms that do the most business with Pyongyang.
The U.S. official said Trump may warn Xi of such moves, including efforts to beef up South Korean and Japanese anti-missile defenses – something Beijing strongly opposes.
The Chinese have urged Washington to de-escalate tensions with Pyongyang and to find a way to restart negotiations, but U.S. officials say it would be premature to resume talks now because it would be seen as a reward to North Korea for bad behavior.
The chief U.S. concern is North Korea's efforts to develop an intercontinental nuclear missile that could carry a nuclear warhead and be capable of hitting the United States.
Although the long-standing option of pre-emptive military strikes against North Korea is not off the table, the review gives priority to less-risky steps and “de-emphasizes direct military action,” the official said.
Other steps that have been under consideration are escalating cyberattacks and other covert action aimed at undermining North Korea's leadership, another U.S. source said recently.
(Additional reporting by David Brunnstrom; Editing by Sandra Maler and Peter Cooney)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Booz Allen Hamilton said on Friday it won a $621 million federal contract to develop and implement cybersecurity tools across the U.S. government.
The contractor, which earns billions of dollars a year contracting with U.S. intelligence agencies, said it was selected for a six-year task order to support the Department of Homeland Security's program known as Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation, which includes cybersecurity support for cloud and mobile devices and incident response services.
April 21 Qbe Insurance Group Ltd
* Pricing on usd300m fixed rate senior notes due 2022
* Notes will bear 3.00 % per annum interest
* Notes issued for term of 5.5 years (maturing 21 october 2022)
* Priced an issue of usd300 million fixed rate senior notes due 2022, to be issued under its usd4 billion medium term note programmes
* Settlement and issue of notes at an issue price of usd200,000 each Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
April 5 WeMade Entertainment Co Ltd:
* Says to sell 200 billion won ($178.14 million) worth of Kakao Corp shares to recover investments
* Says to sell 2.3 million Kakao shares via a block trade Further company coverage: ($1 = 1,122.7300 won) (Reporting By Se Young Lee)
U.S. education sec to redo regulation on helping defrauded college students
WASHINGTON, June 14 U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos on Wednesday called for a "regulatory reset," and delayed the effective date of a rule intended to speedily cancel the student-loan debts of borrowers defrauded by Corinthian Colleges Inc. and others, so that it can be rewritten.
Bill Cosby is at the courthouse Tuesday morning ahead of closing arguments in their sexual assault retrial.
Accompanied for the first time by their wife of more than 50 years, Bill Cosby walked into a courthouse Tuesday morning ahead of closing arguments in their sexual assault retrial.
Camille Cosby had been absent from the courtroom as prosecutors called a series of women to the stand who testified their husband drugged and sexually assaulted them, but they were by their side Tuesday for the trial's conclusion.
The jury that will start deliberating Cosby's fate has heard the comedian described over the past two weeks both as a “serial rapist” and a con artist's victim.
They have seen a half-dozen accusers testify that the man once revered as “America's Dad” had a sordid secret life that involved preying on women for their own sexual gratification. And they have heard from a witness who says their chief accuser talked about framing a high-profile person to score a big payday.
Now, seven men and five women who have been kept in a suburban Philadelphia hotel, away from family, friends and daily routines, will get to have their say in the first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era.
“You now have all of the evidence,” Judge Steven O'Neill told them after Cosby's lawyers rested on Monday without calling the 80-year-old comedian to the stand. “Try to relax, so that you're on your game tomorrow.”
Jurors could be in for a marathon.
Related: Topless protester charges at Bill Cosby as retrial begins
Before going off to deliberate, they will hear both sides rehash the case in lengthy closing arguments, and they will get O'Neill's instructions in the law.
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault — all stemming from Toronto native Andrea Constand's allegations that they knocked them out with three pills they called “your friends” and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Each count carries a sentence of up to 10 years in prison.
Cosby has said they gave Constand 1 1/2 tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help them relax before what they called a consensual sexual encounter.
The jury in Cosby's first trial weighed the evidence for more than 52 hours over six days without reaching a verdict.
This time, both sides have given the retrial jury much more to consider.
Prosecutors were able to call five additional accusers who testified that Cosby also drugged and violated them — including one woman who asked them through their tears, “You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?”
Cosby's new defence team, led by Michael Jackson lawyer Tom Mesereau, countered with a far more robust effort at stoking doubts about Constand's credibility and raising questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
The defence's star witness was a former colleague of Constand who says Constand spoke of levelling false sexual assault accusations against a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a civil suit. Constand got a civil settlement of nearly $3.4 million from Cosby.
Both juries also heard from Cosby themselves — not on the witness stand, but via an explosive deposition they gave in 2005 and 2006 as part of Constand's civil suit against him. In it, Cosby acknowledged they gave the sedative quaaludes to women before sex in the 1970s.
Cosby's lawyers devoted the last two days of their case to travel records they say prove they could not have been at their suburban Philadelphia home in January 2004. They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
Cosby's private jet records and travel itineraries produced by Cosby's lawyers do not show any flights in or out of the Philadelphia area in January 2004, but they have large gaps — a total of 17 days that month in which Cosby was not travelling, performing or taping TV appearances.
District Attorney Kevin Steele noted that the records do not account for other ways Cosby could have gotten to Philadelphia.
“You can't tell us whether they got on a commercial flight,” Steele said, questioning a defence aviation expert. “You can't tell us whether they got on a train. You can't tell us whether they got in a car and drove to Philadelphia.”
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
Michael R. Sisak, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
WASHINGTON, April 23 White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said talks between Republicans and Democrats in Congress could reach an agreement to avoid a government shutdown as early as Sunday.
"The negotiations are ongoing and there's no reason we can't have an agreement there as early as today," Mulvaney said in an interview on Fox News Sunday. (Reporting by David Morgan; editing by Grant McCool)
April 5 At Home Group Inc
* At Home board of directors appoints Lewis L. (Lee) Bird III as Chairman
* At Home Group Inc - New chairperson announcement comes as Martin Eltrich steps down as Chairman, Eltrich will remain an active director on board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
SEOUL North Korea fired a ballistic missile on Wednesday ahead of a summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and China's President Xi Jinping in Florida, where North Korea's weapons programmes is expected to be one of the prime topics.
The following is a timeline of North's Korea's nuclear and missile tests.
Aug. 1998: North Korea fires a multistage, long-range missile called Taepodong-I over Japan into the Pacific Ocean. North Korea called it a satellite launch.
July 2006: North Korea test-fires a Taepodong-2 missile, which the United States says failed after launch.
Oct. 2006: North Korea conducts first nuclear test.
April 2009: North Korea says it successfully launches three-stage Unha-2 rocket carrying satellite. Washington says it failed.
May 2009: North Korea explodes a nuclear device underground.
April 2012: A slightly modified Unha-3 rocket explodes just after take-off. The North concedes failure.
Dec. 2012: North Korea again launches a Unha-3 rocket, saying it successfully put a satellite into orbit. U.S. officials confirm an object in orbit, but no signal is detected.
Feb. 2013: North Korea carries out third nuclear test.
Jan. 6, 2016: North Korea says it successfully tests a hydrogen bomb.
Feb. 7, 2016: North Korea launches a long-range rocket, which it says put a satellite into orbit
June 22, 2016: North Korea conducts two tests of an intermediate range Musudan missile after four failed launches of the same kind.
July 18, 2016: North Korea fires three ballistic missiles off its east coast with a 500 km-600 km range.
Aug. 3, 2016: North Korea fires two missiles, one of them landing in Japan's economic exclusion zone.
Aug. 24, 2016: North Korea launches ballistic missile from a submarine, which flies 500 km.
Sept. 5, 2016: North Korea fires three ballistic missiles about 1,000 kms (620 miles), one of which enters Japan's air defence zone
Sept. 9, 2016: North Korea conducts fifth nuclear test
Sept. 20, 2016: North Korea says it complete ground test of a new rocket engine, which South Korea says is likely to be used for a long-range missile.
Feb. 12, 2017: North Korea fires intermediate-range Pukguksong-2 ballistic missile into nearby seas.
March 6, 2017: North Korea fires four ballistic missiles, three of them falling into Japan's exclusive economic zone.
March 19, 2017: North Korea announces rocket engine test, saying it will help country achieve “world-class satellite launch capability”
March 22, 2017: A North Korean missile appears to explode just after launch.
April 5, 2017: North Korea fires ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast. U.S. officials say it appears to be a liquid-fuelled, extended-range Scud missile.
(Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Bill Tarrant)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
LONDON, March 29 Britain aims to reach an agreement on its future relationship with the European Union within the two years set out under Article 50 of the bloc's Lisbon Treaty, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday.
"It is our aim to deliver a smooth and orderly Brexit, reaching an agreement about our future partnership by the time the two-year Article 50 process has concluded," May told parliament.
They said they hoped there would then be a "phased process of implementation" in which both sides prepare for the new arrangements.
May also acknowledged there would be consequences for Britain in leaving the bloc and said they wanted to forge the closest possible security relationship with the EU. (Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Stephen Addison)
CINCINNATI (AP) " An American college student who was released from a North Korean prison is finally home but in a coma and undergoing treatment at an Ohio hospital where they were taken shortly after arriving on U.S. soil.
An airplane carrying Otto Warmbier, who is from Ohio, landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday night. The 22-year-old was then taken by ambulance to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center.
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea for alleged anti-state acts.
In Warmbier's hometown of Wyoming, just outside of Cincinnati, residents helped tie blue and white ribbons, Wyoming High School's colors, to trees and said news of their release had sent waves of shock and joy through the community.
Advertisement
"Everybody feels a sense of relief that they are coming back to the United States," resident Amy Mayer said before they arrived. "I think we're very excited yet very prayerful about what is happening because we've heard they are in a coma. So I think that people are trying to be supportive of the family and let the community-family know that we are very with them."
A hospital spokesperson said Warmbier's family was expected to hold a news conference Thursday morning at Wyoming High School.
Securing Warmbier's release "was a big priority" for President Donald Trump, who worked "very hard and very closely" with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.
While North Korea's move to free Warmbier could potentially provide an opening for talks on security issues, the prospects still appear bleak. International negotiations on the dispute over North Korea's nuclear program have been in limbo for years, as the U.S. cranks up economic sanctions and North Korea won't give up weapons it considers a guarantee against invasion.
The detention of Americans, often sentenced to draconian prison sentences for seemingly small offenses in the totalitarian nation, has compounded tensions between Washington and Pyongyang. Three Americans remain in custody.
Warmbier, a University of Virginia undergraduate, was convicted and sentenced in a one-hour trial in North Korea's Supreme Court in March 2016. They were sentenced to 15 years in prison with hard labor for subversion after they tearfully confessed that they had tried to steal a propaganda banner.
Warmbier's parents, Fred and Cindy Warmbier, said they were told they have been in a coma since their trial, when they were last seen in public, and they had learned of this only one week ago.
"We want the world to know how we and our son have been brutalized and terrorized by the pariah regime" in North Korea, Warmbier's parents said. "We are so grateful that they will finally be with people who love him."
A White House official said Trump had instructed Tillerson to take all appropriate measures to secure the release of Americans held in North Korea. The official referred to them as "hostages."
The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.
Warmbier's release came during a visit to North Korea by former NBA star Dennis Rodman, one of few people to have met both North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and President Donald Trump, who was Rodman's boss on "Celebrity Apprentice."
Department of State spokesperson Heather Nauert told reporters Rodman had nothing to do with Warmbier's release. Rodman, who has traveled to the isolated nation four times since 2013, had told reporters before arriving in Pyongyang that they hope their trip will "open a door" for Trump.
North Korea poses one of the greatest national security challenges for Trump as it tries to develop a nuclear-tipped missile that could strike America.  They are looking to increase economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea, with help from China but has said he's open to meeting Kim.
In the past, North Korea has held out until senior U.S. officials or statesmen came to personally bail out detainees. A 2009 visit by former President Bill Clinton, a Democrat, secured the freedom of American journalists Euna Lee and Laura Ling.
Tillerson said the Department of State was continuing "to have discussions" with North Korea about the release of other three American citizens imprisoned there.
___
AP reporters Josh Lederman and Ken Thomas in Washington, Eric Talmadge in Pyongyang, North Korea, Daniel Sewell in Cincinnati and video journalist Sara Gillesby in New York contributed to this report.
* SSEC +0.1 pct, CSI300 +0.3 pct, HSI +0.2 pct
* Port operators jump after the Baltic index hit 2-year-high
* Tencent rise to record intraday high after Tesla investment
SHANGHAI, March 29 China and Hong Kong stocks rose on Wednesday as further signs of a pick-up in global trade boosted shares of port operators and shipping companies, offseting concerns about fresh property market cooling measures.
China's blue-chip CSI300 index rose 0.3 percent to 3,479.14 points by the lunch break, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 0.1 percent to 3,257.66.
Port operators Rizhao Port and Nanjing Port surged 9 and 10 percent, respectively, after the Baltic Exchange's main sea freight index - a closely watched barometer of global trade - climbed to the highest in over two years.
"The Baltic index, as well as recent U.S. economic data, all point to improving global trade conditions," said Wu Kan, Shanghai-based head of equity trading at investment firm Shanshan Finance.
Wu said the surge in port operators was an extension of the recent fervour for "One Belt, One Road" concept stocks. The infrastructure initiative envisions building a network of land, sea and air routes that will open new trade links from China to the rest of Asia and Europe.
Gains also reflected expectations that Chinese President Xi Jinping's meeting with their U.S. counterpart Donald Trump next month would help reduce the chance of a Sino-U.S. trade war, Wu added.
But concerns about liquidity and tighter policy measures kept China markets in check.
On Wednesday, China's central bank skipped open market operations for the fourth straight day, saying liquidity levels remained "appropriate". Its inaction resulted in a fourth consecutive session of net drains ahead of month- and quarter-end, when conditions typically tighten.
Property developers continued to struggle as local governments stepped up cooling measures to curb high prices.
Moody's Investors Service warned on Wednesday that China's economy would face heightened risks from a potential future property downturn, with authorities' scope for mitigating such an impact limited.
But banking stocks were up slightly after major lenders Bank of Communications (BoCom) , and Agricultural Bank of China (AgBank) reported modest annual profit growth.
HONG KONG
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index edged up 0.2 percent to 24,396.26, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index gained 0.5 percent to 10,477.40.
Most sectors were up. An index tracking transport shares rose 0.6 percent.
Index heavyweight Tencent rose nearly 1 percent, after touching record intraday highs, after the Chinese Internet giant bought a 5 percent stake in U.S. electric carmaker Tesla Inc.
(Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Formula One drivers' form sheet ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix, third round of the season (listed in championship order and with the most recent races first): Number=race result, R=retired, DQ=disqualified, NS=did not start, NQ=did not qualify. 2017 2016 CN AU/AE BR MX US JP MY SG IT BE DE HU GB AT EU CA MC ES RU CN BH AU/ Sebastian Vettel 2 1 3 5 5 4 4 R 5 3 6 5 4 9 R 2 2 4 3 R 2 NS 3 Lewis Hamilton 1 2 1 1 1 1 3 R 3 2 3 1 1 1 1 5 1 1 R 2 7 3 2 Max Verstappen 3 5 4 3 4 R 2 2 6 7 11 3 5 2 2 8 4 R 1 R 8 6 10 Valtteri Bottas 6 3 R 11 8 16 10 5 R 6 8 9 9 14 9 6 3 12 5 4 10 9 8 Kimi Raikkonen 5 4 6 R 6 R 5 4 4 4 9 6 6 5 3 4 6 R 2 3 5 2 R Daniel Ricciardo 4 R 5 8 3 3 6 1 2 5 2 2 3 4 5 7 7 2 4 11 4 4 4 Carlos Sainz 7 8 R 6 16 6 17 11 14 15 R 14 8 8 8 R 9 8 6 12 9 R 9 Felipe Massa 14 6 9 R 9 7 9 13 12 9 10 R 18 11 20 10 R 10 8 5 6 8 5 Sergio Perez 9 7 8 4 10 8 7 6 8 8 5 10 11 6 17 3 10 3 7 9 11 16 13 Kevin Magnussen 8 R R 14 17 12 14 R 10 17 R 16 15 17 14 14 16 R 15 7 17 11 12 Daniil Kvyat R 9 R 13 18 11 13 14 9 R 14 15 16 10 R R 12 R 10 15 3 7 NS Esteban Ocon 10 10 13 12 21 18 21 16 18 18 16 - - - - - - - - - - - - Nico Hulkenberg 12 11 7 7 7 R 8 8 R 10 4 7 10 7 19 9 8 6 R R 15 15 7 Romain Grosjean 11 R 11 NS 20 10 11 R R 11 13 13 14 R 7 13 14 13 R 8 19 5 6 Antonio Giovinazzi R 12 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Stoffel Vandoorne R 13 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 10 - Jolyon Palmer 13 R 17 R 14 13 12 10 15 R 15 19 12 R 12 15 R R 13 13 22 NS 11 Marcus Ericsson 15 R 15 R 11 14 15 12 17 16 R 18 20 R 15 17 15 R 12 14 16 12 R Fernando Alonso R R 10 10 13 5 16 7 7 14 7 12 7 13 18 R 11 5 R 6 12 - R Lance Stroll R R - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Pascal Wehrlein - - 14 15 R 17 22 15 16 R R 17 19 R 10 R 17 14 16 18 18 13 16 CN-China, AU-Australia, AE-Abu Dhabi, BR-Brazil, MX-Mexico, US-United States, JP-Japan, MY-Malaysia, SG-Singapore, IT-Italy, BE-Belgium, DE-Germany, HU-Hungary, GB-Britain, AT-Austria, EU-Europe, CA-Canada, MC-Monaco, ES-Spain, RU-Russia, BH-Bahrain. (Compiled by Alan Baldwin; Editing by John O'Brien)
Matt Kuchar of the U.S. waves after finishing their final round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Matt Kuchar will try to build off their strong finish at the U.S. Masters when they tee off in the first round of the RBC Heritage in South Carolina on Thursday among a field featuring several recent PGA Tour winners.
The American world number 17, who had a hole-in-one en route to a five-under-par 67 that matched the lowest final round score at Augusta National where they finished in a tie for fourth, has heated up since a mostly slow start to the season
Kuchar has only two top-10 finishes on the PGA Tour in 11 events this season but knows how to navigate Harbour Town where they are a previous winner and also boasts a fifth-place finish and tie for ninth among their previous starts.
Kuchar, who at Hilton Head Island in 2014, will be joined by defending champion Branden Grace of South Africa, former winner Brandt Snedeker and England's Tyrrell Hatton, who at world number 15 will be the highest ranked player in the field.
Grace, who overcame a three-shot deficit on the final day with a five-under-par 66 to grab their first PGA Tour victory, is looking to become the tournament's first back-to-back champion since Boo Weekley accomplished the feat in 2008.
The field will also feature four of the past six PGA Tour winners in Adam Hadwin (Valspar Championship), Marc Leishman (Arnold Palmer Invitational), D.A. Points (Puerto Rico Open) and Russell Henley (Shell Houston Open).
Charley Hoffman, who was tied for the 36-hole lead at the Masters before falling hard to a share of 22nd place, will be eager to get back to a course where they have made six consecutive cuts and three top-15 finishes.
Former U.S. Open winner Jim Furyk, who missed last year's RBC Heritage after undergoing wrist surgery, returns for the first time since winning here in 2015.
Furyk snapped a nearly five-year PGA Tour victory drought when they beat Kevin Kisner in a playoff in 2015 which sparked a strong run of form that sent the American to world number three later that year.
"I have the same mentality I always do coming in here. It will be more a matter of patience," world number 62 Furyk told reporters. "I feel that this is the place in my career when I have been patient, when I have been playing well. I know I can win this golf tournament."
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; Editing by Andrew Both)
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Five questions, thirty seconds… what do you say if you don't know the answer? “Jim-Bob-Cooter!” but are you going to “Cooter” today? “Not-Today!” Tie Spence, win the $148 in the Terrible Herbst Spence's Challenge Jackpot! Beat Spence, and we'll throw in an extra $1,000! Practice, Play, Win!
Here are Friday's questions for you to reference:
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said their conservatives and their Social Democrat would-be German coalition partners still have a lot of work to do to overcome differences on a range of policy issues.
“There are still a whole range of points on which we are at odds,” Merkel told reporters on arrival for negotiations on Friday. “We have good will to overcome them, but there is still a lot of work ahead for us.”
April 3 BP Plc
* Butamax Advanced Biofuels, a BP and DuPont JV, announced acquisition of Nesika Energy and its state-of--art ethanol facility in Kansas
* Butamax plans to license its proprietary bio-isobutanol technology beyond this first facility on a global scale Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
(Corrects official name of Singapore's air force in paragraph 16)
* China pushing ahead with C919 to enter global jet market
* Not many sales deals expected at show after yr-end rush -analyst
* Southeast Asian defence spending rising in response to China
By Jamie Freed
SINGAPORE, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Strong airline profits and higher defence spending have boosted the outlook for aerospace firms gathering for next week's Singapore Airshow, but after a surge of activity in 2017 the event is expected to produce few big-ticket deals.
The biennial show, the largest in Asia, will bring together buyers and sellers against the backdrop of China's attempt to play a bigger role in a realigning global aerospace industry.
The Chinese push into the commercial jet and military drone markets comes amid regional insecurity in Southeast Asia over its rising power while the United States is retreating toward “America First” oriented policies.
China was looking to get a leg up in commercial jet technology through a deal with Bombardier Inc over the advanced C Series last year, but the Canadian company instead chose to partner with Airbus SE.
The Airbus-Boeing duopoly could be further solidified if Boeing and Brazil's Embraer SA agree to a tie-up that could involve their commercial and defence divisions.
China, with its narrow-body C919, is not the only country trying to carve out space in the tightly controlled commercial market. Russia's Irkut MC-21 and Japan's Mitsubishi Regional Jet are also seeking to become serious competitors, and will be represented at the airshow like their Chinese rival.
But all three projects have faced delays, and significant question marks remain over whether any will gain a solid order base outside their home markets.
The C919, which has received 785 orders to date, looks the strongest because of its backing by Chinese airlines and lessors, said DVB Bank head of aviation research Bert van Leeuwen.
“They have the market, the money and the ambitions,” they said of China.
FASTEST GROWING AVIATION MARKET
Manufacturers are targeting the Asia-Pacific region for product sales and services because it is the world's fastest growing aviation market.
Airbus and Boeing are sending the heads of their services divisions to Singapore as they look to increase their presence in the maintenance, repair and operations industry.
But on the sales side, a final push late last year by legendary Airbus commercial sales head John Leahy before they retired has pulled orders forward and is expected to result in a weak start to the year.
“I‘m not expecting much,” DVB Bank's van Leeuwen said of Singapore Airshow orders. “I wouldn't be disappointed if there are few orders or if the whole year in 2018 doesn't bring many orders because this is an industry where there is an eight-year backlog of production.”
The buzz around product launches - a big sales driver at airshows - is expected to be missing at the Singapore event as Boeing's keenly watched decision on introducing a potential new mid-market airplane is not expected until later in 2018.
BIG AIR FORCE BUDGETS
On the military side, Southeast Asian countries are bolstering their air forces amid insecurity over China's rise and its increasingly assertive stance in the South China Sea.
The Republic of Singapore Air Force, Southeast Asia's biggest spender and a potential future Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 customer, celebrates its 50th anniversary this year and will launch the festivities at the airshow.
North Korea's ballistic missile programme and potential internal instability in some Southeast Asian countries are also lifting budgets, although in other cases political events, such as an upcoming election in Malaysia, could push back buying decisions.
China's Chengdu Aircraft Industry Group will be displaying two versions of its Wing Loong reconnaissance and strike drones at the show in hopes of penetrating the Asian market. However, it may be too early for Chinese products to gain much traction at a time when the Trump administration is calling on military attaches and diplomats to boost U.S. arms sales.
“I think few countries are going to buy much from China,” said Richard Bitzinger, a senior fellow at Singapore's S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies.
“Partly it is a reliability thing and partly it is ‘if you really want to keep the United States engaged, you buy their weapons systems'. In a sense it is still the U.S.'s market to lose.” (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP) " The market for a peculiar type of clay mined in Wyoming is looking up, thanks to a better outlook for oil and gas drilling and to kitty litter.
Over 90 percent of all bentonite mined in the U.S. and almost half worldwide comes from Wyoming. Bentonite helps with everything from clarifying wine to keeping landfills from leaking.
It's also an important ingredient in kitty litter and in drilling mud, the goop pumped down oil and gas wells during drilling to keep the bit cool and carry cuttings to the surface.
Bentonite mining companies such as Wyo-Ben say they suffered during a recent slump in oil and gas drilling but business is picking back up.
Steady demand for kitty litter helped Wyo-Ben and other bentonite miners through the downturn.
March 29 Renewable Japan Energy Infrastructure Fund Inc:
* Says it has taken out a loan of 645 million yen from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and Aozora Bank Ltd, at a interest of six months TIBOR (Tokyo Inter Bank Offered Rate) +0.2 percent with maturity on Sep. 28
* Says it has taken out another loan of 5,000 million yen from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and Aozora Bank Ltd, at a interest of three months TIBOR (Tokyo Inter Bank Offered Rate) +0.7 percent with maturity on March 28, 2027
* Says proceeds to be used for power station purchasing
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/hx5jcF
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON, April 13 The U.S. Treasury said on Thursday it would conduct a small-value buyback operation on April 19 to ensure operational readiness of its buyback infrastructure.
The operation "should not be viewed by market participants as a precursor or signal of any pending policy changes regarding Treasury's use of buybacks more broadly," the Treasury said in a statement.
The operation will be conducted by the Treasury's fiscal agent, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Only primary dealers may submit bids.
For details of the operation, see:
here
(Washington economics newsroom)
FILE PHOTO - A logo of Ant Financial is displayed at the Ant Financial event in Hong Kong, China November 1, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
BEIJING Ant Financial, the finance affiliate of Alibaba Group Holding (BABA.N), and Indonesian media company Elang Mahkota Teknologi (Emtek) (EMTK.JK) are to form a joint venture to offer payment and financial services in Indonesia.
The Emtek tie-up is Ant's fifth international payments deal since November, seeking to tap Asia's third-largest country by population as the company continues to extend its mobile finance empire outside China.
The new venture will initially take the form of a payments platform within BlackBerry's messaging service, which has about 63 million users in Indonesia, the two companies said in a joint statement.
"Ant Financial has proven know-how in delivering payment and other financial solutions to a large and growing mobile audience in China ... and we are looking forward to replicating and creating this success in Indonesia," Emtek CEO Alvin Sariaatmadja said in the statement.
Ant's Alipay payment app has 450 million users, the vast majority of which are in China, where it is the country's most popular mobile wallet. The company also has an internet banking licence and offers financial services including insurance products and mutual funds.
Reuters first reported that Ant and Emtek were in talks last month.
Ant has already struck deals with Thai payment company Ascend Money, South Korea's Kakao Pay Corp and Philippines-based fintech business Mynt. It also has plans to close further deals in Asia this year.
The Indonesian venture also comes as Ant faces off against U.S. company Euronet Worldwide (EEFT.O) to acquire Dallas-based Moneygram International (MGI.O), a remittance business that could play a significant role in linking Ant's other payment assets in Asia.
Emtek, an investor in online marketplace Bukalapak.com and travel portal Reservasi.com, signed a strategic alliance with BlackBerry last June and will help Ant Financial to roll out a range of payment products anchored in the BlackBerry social messaging system (BBM) as well as payment services for unspecified e-commerce platforms in Indonesia.
An Ant Financial spokesperson declined to comment on a timeline for when services by the new joint venture will be rolled out.
(Reporting by Cate Cadell; Editing by David Goodman)
April 10 Spackman Entertainment Group Ltd
* Expected to report a net profit for 1q fy2017 as compared to a net loss for same quarter of financial year ended 31 dec 2016
* Expected results mainly due to the revenue and earnings recognition from the film, master Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The NFC (near-field communication) chip embedded in the iPhone 6 and upwards enables cashless, contactless payment with Apple Pay.
This chip is reportedly getting an update that will allow it to interact with NFC-enabled doors and unlock them with a swish of your phone.
According to The Information, Apple is expected to make an announcement next month detailing this update and its functionality, which is said to have applications including unlocking car doors and paying public transport fares.
Built-in security
NFC has built-in security because information stored on the chip is isolated from data stored within the phone's main memory.
All will be revealed at WWDC 2018 from June 4th to 8th when iOS 12 and its new features will be announced. This NFC functionality is already in use among Apple employees in Cupertino who can access their office using an iPhone.
https://www.theinformation.com/articles/apple-to-expand-secure-wireless-chip-beyond-payments
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Pakistani and Afghan officials have met for a second round of talks about allegations levelled against Islamabad in the wake of recent deadly militant attacks in Kabul that have killed over 200 people.
A joint statement after the day-long meeting in the Afghan capital said the two sides promised to keep talking.
After the recent attacks, Afghan President Ashraf Ghani's government has insisted Pakistan's failure to rout Taliban militants from safe havens on its soil is spurring the insurgency inside Afghanistan.
Kabul also accused Islamabad of harboring the Taliban, who are allegedly being trained in Islamic seminaries in southwestern Pakistan.
Advertisement
Pakistan denies the charges.
Islamabad says Saturday's meeting was part of a larger dialogue while the Afghans billed it as a response to their accusations against Islamabad.
OUT THERE: Ensure each day (preferably several times a day) that you make time to head outdoors with your child.
OUTSIDE play is important to your child's development. It gives them the opportunity to explore their surroundings, test their physical limits, express themselves creatively and build self-confidence and play their favourite games.
Outside play is great because it provides them with extra freedom in open space.
Outside play involves healthy physical activity, whether it's running and jumping around or throwing and kicking a ball.
So how do you encourage your child to play outside?
Set aside time outdoors
It's important to actually make the time to play outside. Ensure each day (preferably several times a day) that you make time to head outdoors with your child.
If you have lots of outdoor space in your yard, this should be rather easy to facilitate, but if you don't you will need to plan visits to a park, playground, beach or other open public space.
Walking to a public space will also give you the chance to teach your child road and pedestrian safety.
Babies and toddlers
You can start with your baby by incorporating an outdoor setting during tummy time.
Use a blanket and allow them to watch tree leaves move and listen to the birds.
As they start to crawl, let them do so outside.
Outdoor furniture and natural obstacles provide great adventures for a new crawler - just make sure you keep an eye on them!
Once they are on their feet, you should start encouraging them to throw and chase balls, push toys, run and jump, engage in water play with mud or any other safe outdoor activity. Again supervision is needed.
As they get older
As your toddler gets older and hits pre-school age you should encourage a broader range of outdoor play.
This includes hide and seek, playing tag, kicking the ball to each other, climbing trees, crawling through tunnels, building and creating with outdoor objects etc.
Don't protect your child too much
Supervision is important with children but you also want to encourage curiosity and independence.
If you protect them too much it will stifle their sense of adventure.
That means sometimes your child will cop some bumps and bruises. It may even end up in tears, but you shouldn't stop them from running, jumping and climbing because of that risk.
Limiting the risks your child is exposed to actually creates bigger problems in the long-term as it stifles their ability to recognise danger or to recognise their own physical limits. This can lead to more serious injuries.
Reference: http://raisingchildren.net.au/
NEXT WEEK: Outdoor play for babies and toddlers
HELP AT HAND
Our WBHHS child health team is available to support local families. You can visit the team at the Margaret Rose Centre, 312 Bourbong St, Bundaberg.
Alternatively, call your local WBHHS child health team on:
Bundaberg - 4150 2700
Childers - 4192 1133
Gin Gin - 4157 2222
Gayndah - 4161 3571
Mundubbera - 4161 3571
Monto - 4166 9300
Biggenden - 4127 6400
Eidsvold - 4165 7100
Even if you just want to have a chat and a bit of reassurance, the WBHHS child health team is here to help.
OSLO, April 20 A U.S. court has rejected a last-minute effort by billionaire investor John Fredriksen's Frontline to prevent BW Group from acquiring a major stake in rival oil tanker firm DHT Holdings, DHT said on Thursday.
The New York County Supreme Court's decision means that privately-owned BW Group, led by shipping tycoon Andreas Sohmen Pao, can proceed with the sale of 11 very large crude carriers (VLCCs) to DHT in exchange for DHT's shares.
"The transaction will proceed as planned, and in fact the first ship is being transferred to DHT today, and others will follow in quick succession," Carsten Mortensen, BW Group's chief executive, said in a email to Reuters.
DHT said in a separate statement that eight of the vessels would be delivered during the second quarter of 2017, with the final two to come in 2018.
Frontline had failed to establish that the New York court had jurisdiction over BW and DHT and failed to establish a probability of success of its claim that the transaction violated Delaware law, Justice Barry R. Ostrager ruled.
The timing of the lawsuit, filed on April 18, was also "inexcusable", they added, given that the BW-DHT transaction was scheduled to partly close on Thursday.
The deal will bring BW's ownership in DHT to 33.5 percent from less than 5 percent, surpassing Frontline as DHT's top shareholder.
Frontline said in a separate court filing, its stake would be diluted to 8.9 percent from 13.4 percent if the transaction proceeded.
DHT's board twice rejected Frontline's offer, including an improved one on Feb. 28, to combine businesses at an exchange ratio of 0.8 Frontline shares for each DHT shares, as being too low.
A Frontline spokesperson declined to comment. (Reporting by Nerijus Adomaitis; Editing by Terje Solsvik and Edmund Blair)
LONDON, March 28 Production at the western Libyan fields of Sharara and Wafa has been blocked by armed factions, reducing output by 252,000 barrels per day (bpd), a source at the National Oil Corporation (NOC) said on Tuesday.
The shutdown at Sharara, which had been producing about 220,000 bpd, began on Monday, and the shutdown at Wafa a day earlier, the source said. (Reporting by Ahmad Ghaddar; Additional reporting by Julia Payne in Lausanne; Writing by Aidan Lewis; Editing by Mark Potter)
April 28 Zhejiang Double Arrow Rubber Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 20 percent to 50 percent, or to be 52.9 million yuan to 66.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (44.1 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/tAmll4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Union Bank Of India Ltd:
* APPROVED ‍TO RAISE TOTAL CAPITAL TO UP TO 80.24 BILLION RUPEES IN FORM OF EQUITY CAPITAL/AT 1 CAPITAL/TIER II CAPITAL DURING 2017-18​
* APPROVED TO RAISE EQUITY CAPITAL TO UP TO 65.24 BILLION RUPEES Source text: bit.ly/2s2vCfx Further company coverage:
LIMA May 3 Southern Copper Corp on Wednesday reported net income of $314.4 million for the first quarter of 2017, up 70 percent from $185.1 million a year earlier and 82 percent from $172 million in the fourth quarter of 2016.
WASHINGTON, April 5 The tax oversight committee in the U.S. House of Representatives will hold public hearings in coming weeks as the panel prepares to unveil legislation to overhaul the U.S. tax code, congressional aides said on Wednesday.
The plan for hearings emerged during an hour-long meeting between House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady and 15 panel Democrats, according to a House Democratic aide.
There were no details about when the hearings would occur, what tax reform issues would be addressed or whether the full Ways and Means Committee would preside.
"We had a positive and open discussion, and I appreciated the opportunity to engage in a two-way dialogue," Brady, a Texas Republican, said in a statement afterward.
The Republican-led committee is expected to unveil tax reform legislation this spring in preparation for a summer vote on the House floor. Committee staff have been working to craft a bill based on a House Republican blueprint that would sharply cut taxes for businesses and individuals.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that the House, Senate and White House, all controlled by Republicans, "aren't on the same page yet on tax reform."
Brady announced the bipartisan meeting earlier this week, saying the discussion would focus on ways to simplify the U.S. tax code for individuals and prevent U.S. companies from moving production and research facilities overseas - two Republican objectives.
"It was clear from this meeting we share the same fundamental goals on tax reform, particularly as it relates to growth and simplicity," a Republican committee aide said.
Brady underscored their intention to include a border adjustment tax provision in tax reform legislation, aides said. The policy, which would impose a 20 percent tax on imports, has divided the business community and drawn criticism from Republicans in the House and Senate.
Wednesday's meeting marked the first time Brady sat down with the committee's Democratic members to discuss the House Republican tax reform plan, aides said.
But the bipartisan atmosphere was jarred by the release of a letter from committee Republicans to President Donald Trump, calling for the removal of John Koskinen as Internal Revenue Service commissioner. Koskinen was appointed by former Democratic President Barack Obama.
"Democrats raised this letter with Republicans during the meeting, noting how this type of partisan action hurts the prospects for bipartisanship in other issues, such as working together on issues like tax reform," the Democratic aide said. (Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Peter Cooney)
FILE PHOTO: Former French Prime Minister and candidate Manuel Valls reacts after the results in the first round of the French left's presidential primary election in Paris, France, January 22, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau/File Photo
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a news conference at their campaign headquarters in Paris, France, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Benoit Hamon French Socialist party 2017 presidential candidate, flanked by Martine Aubry, mayor of Lille (L) and Cecile Duflot (R) wave at the end of a campaign rally in Lille, France, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
FILE PHOTO: French Prime Minister Manuel Valls (L) and Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron (R) leave the Elysee palace in Paris, France, following the weekly cabinet meeting, March 9, 2016. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer/File Photo
PARIS Former Prime Minister Manuel Valls said on Wednesday they would vote for Emmanuel Macron in France's presidential election, becoming the biggest Socialist Party name to turn their back on its official candidate and support the centrist instead.
While it was not clear if Valls' defection would benefit poll favourite Macron, who politely thanked Valls, it prompted angry responses from many Socialists and media speculation about the survival of the largest left-wing party.
Valls, whose announcement came days after veteran Socialist defence minister Jean-Yves Le Drian deserted to Macron, said they wanted to do all they could to ensure that far-right leader Marine Le Pen, second-placed in opinion polls, did not win power.
"I'm not going to take any risks," Valls said, adding that they believed Le Pen's score potential was seriously underrated. "I will vote for Emmanuel Macron," they told BFM TV.
French opinion polls show Macron winning the presidency in a second-round vote on May 7 where they would face off against Le Pen. They show Socialist Benoit Hamon set for a humiliating fifth place in the first round eliminator on April 23.
Hamon, a hardline Socialist who wants to legalise cannabis and create a monthly state payment for all, is on course to win only 10 percent of the vote in the first round, according to an Elabe poll published on Wednesday.
Hamon denounced Valls' defection and called on all left-wingers to unite behind them 25 days from round one of the election. "I urge you to sanction those who've started this morbid game...those who no longer believe in anything," they said in a statement.
Valls said their choice did not mean they would campaign for the 39-year-old Macron - a fellow minister in President Francois Hollande's government from 2014, but who quit last year to prepare a presidential bid under their own political banner En Marche! (Onwards!).
Valls, who lost to radical left-winger Hamon in the Socialist primaries, is seen by political sources and experts as likely to wait in the wings and seek to build a reformist parliamentary force that would be distinct from En Marche!, but which could get a say in its parliamentary majority should Macron become president.
"I have nothing to negotiate and am not asking for anything, I'm not joining their camp," Valls said. "But nothing will be the same after this presidential election...The duty of reformists is to play their part in a governing parliamentary majority."
Macron, who has drawn support from the political right as well as left, was also quick to say they did not plan to bring Valls into their government. "I shall be the guarantor of new faces, new ways of doing things," they said on Europe 1 Radio.
The news came a day after third-placed candidate Francois Fillon, under formal judicial investigation on suspicion of financial impropriety, suffered a further blow when their British wife Penelope was put under formal investigation as well.
The inquiry centres on allegations that the couple misused hundreds of thousands of euros in public funds, with them paying them a lavish tax-funded salary for minimal work as their parliamentary assistant.
Francois Fillon has conceded what they called errors of judgment but denies doing anything illegal.
"NO HONOUR"
Valls' endorsement is a mixed blessing for Macron, even though their political views are not far apart.
Fillon, who has promised to slash government spending, seized on Valls' move to say their would be no break with the past under Macron as both men were key ministers under Hollande.
"All of Hollande's team is backing Emmanuel Macron. It's as I've always said, Emmanuel Macron is Francois Hollande," Fillon told reporters.
For many Socialists, and above all candidate Hamon, Valls' decision comes from a man who represents Hollande's rightward turn during their five-year mandate towards the business-friendly reforms that upset the left and alienated core voters.
The blow for Hamon clearly compounded existing left-right splits within the party.
"Everybody now knows what a commitment signed by a man like Manuel Valls is worth," Arnaud Montebourg, a more hardline leftist in the Socialist Party, said on Twitter.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta, Michel Rose and Leigh Thomas; writing by Andrew Callus and Brian Love editing by Mark Heinrich)
LONDON, April 20 The South African rand rose on Thursday and local bond yields fell to three-week lows, helped by slowing inflation, the government's rejection of nationalisation and the tailwind of a weaker dollar.
The rand firmed 0.7 percent against the dollar to a three-week high and the 2026 benchmark government bond yield fell after consumer inflation eased in March and Finance Minster Malusi Gigaba dismissed calls from one of their own advisers for the nationalisation of banks and mines.
The average yield spread paid by South African sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries on the JP Morgan EMBI Global Diversified also narrowed 6 basis points (bps) to 278 bps, a two-week low, outperforming the broader index.
South African assets have weathered a turbulent period, hit by two credit ratings downgrades to junk following the sacking of business-friendly finance minister Pravin Gordhan. Gigaba's comments show an attempt to calm investors.
But S&P Global Ratings warned on Wednesday that South Africa's credit rating could get downgraded deeper into junk territory if ongoing political uncertainty stalls the reforms needed to grow the economy.
"Of the big countries, that's the one that has more risk attached to it politically, even more so than Turkey," said Daniel Moreno, an emerging markets debt fund manager at Rubrics Asset Management.
"In Turkey there is certainty, in South Africa there isn't. They need a very stable government with a very clear policy and they don't have that. As long as we have a country that is driven by internal politics at the ANC, I don't see how it can get any better."
With the dollar slipping 0.3 percent against a basket of currencies, most other emerging currencies also made gains.
The Turkish lira firmed 0.7 percent, having steadied since the April 16 referendum that granted President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping new powers. A Reuters poll indicated, however, that the economy was unlikely to see much of a tailwind this year.
The government says the constitutional changes will make it easier to push through investor-friendly reforms to labour and tax laws, boosting growth. But investors are concerned about Erdoğan tightening their grip on monetary policy and the economy.
The Russian rouble also firmed 0.3 percent as oil prices steadied after falling 3.5 percent on Wednesday.
MSCI's benchmark emerging equities index rose 0.3 percent, with Asian markets rebounding after a turbulent few days.
Emerging Europe delivered a more mixed performance, with Turkish and Hungarian stocks up 0.5-0.8 percent, but Russian shares fell 0.7 percent.
Investors have been rattled by uncertainty over the upcoming French presidential election, and tensions with North Korea, with the United States piling on the pressure following the reclusive state's failed missile test on Sunday.
But South Korean stocks closed up 0.5 percent at a near two-week high, Hong Kong shares rose almost 1 percent and Chinese mainland stocks gained 0.5 percent after a four-day losing streak.
China's yuan steadied after the country's foreign exchange regulator said capital outflows had eased sharply in the first quarter.
Banking sources said the central bank had relaxed some of its curbs on cross-border capital outflows, suggesting it feels more confident about the yuan.
The Indonesian rupiah fell 0.2 percent against the dollar to a two-week low, as polls showed foreign-friendly candidate Basuki Tjahaja Purnama had lost their bid for re-election as governor of Jakarta.
Indonesian prosecutors have called for a one-year jail term for Purnama on blasphemy charges.
The Bank of Indonesia is expected to keep its key interest rate unchanged at 4.75 percent on Thursday.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see)
Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 956.05 +3.13 +0.33 +10.88
Czech Rep 971.21 +3.67 +0.38 +5.38
Poland 2271.35 -3.34 -0.15 +16.60
Hungary 32924.75 +236.66 +0.72 +2.88
Romania 8195.74 -0.37 -0.01 +15.68
Greece 677.87 -1.09 -0.16 +5.32
Russia 1066.65 -1.90 -0.18 -7.44
South Africa 45595.25 -176.71 -0.39 +3.86
Turkey 91337.24 +533.11 +0.59 +16.89
China 3172.59 +1.90 +0.06 +2.22
India 29382.35 +45.78 +0.16 +10.35
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 26.92 26.88 -0.13 +0.33
Poland 4.26 4.26 -0.09 +3.38
Hungary 312.71 313.11 +0.13 -1.24
Romania 4.54 4.54 -0.01 -0.04
Serbia 123.48 123.52 +0.03 -0.11
Russia 56.34 56.51 +0.30 +8.74
Kazakhstan 312.51 311.53 -0.31 +6.76
Ukraine 26.75 26.74 -0.04 +0.93
South Africa 13.17 13.27 +0.76 +4.26
Kenya 103.27 103.30 +0.03 -0.87
Israel 3.66 3.67 +0.14 +5.15
Turkey 3.65 3.67 +0.67 -3.31
China 6.88 6.89 +0.03 +0.86
India 64.61 64.64 +0.05 +5.16
Brazil 3.15 3.15 +0.08 +3.31
Mexico 18.82 18.85 +0.12 +10.05
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 333 -1 .01 7 77.19 1
(Additional reporting by Marc Jones; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Arsene Wenger praised the "mentality" of their players after Arsenal battled to a 2-1 victory at struggling Middlesbrough on Monday night but the Gunners boss again refused to clarify their own future at the club.
Alexis Sanchez had given the visitors the lead with a superb first-half free-kick before Alvaro Negredo levelled for Boro five minutes after the break.
Arsenal had looked on course to extend their recent slump before Mesut Ozil lashed home Aaron Ramsey's knockdown on 71 minutes to earn a vital three points.
The Gunners had won just once in their previous five Premier League games but this victory moved them back above Everton and within seven points of fourth-placed Manchester City, with a game in hand.
Wenger has yet to announce whether they will sign a new deal at the Emirates Stadium or end their lengthy spell in charge when their contract expires at the end of the season.
But the Frenchman was generally pleased with what they saw at the Riverside Stadium despite admitting their team were lacking belief.
Speaking to Sky Sports, Wenger said: "You could see we were not playing with full confidence during some moments in the game but overall we wanted to win.
"Overall the commitment and the focus was there. When you're in a lack of confidence situations you know it comes back slowly and only the results help."
Wenger admitted they feared the worst when Middlesbrough grabbed their equaliser.
They added: "It was a testing point for us mentally, of course that was a moment where I felt that now we would see where we go.
"It was positive. The players had a good mentality and they wanted to win the game and they responded. Sometimes the situation can turn the other way around."
Wenger tweaked Arsenal's formation and set out with a three-man defence but the 67-year-old insists it will not be a long-term ploy.
They said: "I felt that it added a bit more stability on the long balls. We knew we would face a direct game and recently we have been punished on that.
"Sometimes when a team lacks confidence, just to change a system can help to believe in something different."
Asked if there was any news on their future, Wenger replied: "No."
They added: "I feel we are in a position where we want to perform. You can always find explanations but we are professional people and our job is to perform.
"Despite sometimes difficult situations, or some situations that lack clarity, we still can perform."
Boro are six points adrift of safety and without a win in 15 Premier League games, but caretaker boss Steve Agnew is refusing to give up hope.
They face Bournemouth on Saturday before a crucial clash at home to fellow strugglers Sunderland next Wednesday.
Agnew said: "This group doesn't know how to give in, they will never, ever stop.
"I couldn't be any more proud of the players. They gave every single ounce of energy that they had throughout the 94 minutes.
"We needed to play forward a little bit earlier, and I thought we did that, and when we scored the goal I thought we would start to put them under pressure.
"We conceded again which put us on the back foot but we still had chances when the ball went into the box at the back end of the second half."
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Do you aspire to have the pizazz of Heidi Klum? The inventive streak of Martha Stewart? The $3.1 billion net worth of Starbucks head honcho Howard Schultz? Turns out that...
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As the games tick by, the wait for a victory extends and representatives of the new owners feed their findings back to Hong Kong, the clamour for answers grows.
Trillion Trophy Asia have not addressed a single question since they took over the club more than two months ago yet they have overseen a controversial change in management and a loss of momentum in the play-off bid.
And still silence.
Today's match programme - the first of 2017 offered another opportunity for them to communicate with Birmingham City's supporters but once again they declined.
Blues have slipped from fourth - when they beat Brentford on November 26 - to 13th after they lost to them today.
Only Gianfranco Zola, the man who did not create this situation, has put their head above the parapet. From TTA - nada.
They are probably hoping a couple of attractive January signings will silence the doubters but even if they do manage to attract a ‘higher quality of player' that shouldn't be allowed to deflect attention from the wider issue.
What do TTA and Paul Suen want with Birmingham City? Where are they taking them and how do they intend to get there?
At the moment there are far too many questions - on the pitch but more importantly off it. Not addressing any of them is insulting to Birmingham City supporters and in purely economic terms, if that's what they prize above all others, will surely end up damaging the club as a business.
BERLIN German airlines will scrap by June 1 a rule that two people must be in the cockpit of a plane at all times, introduced after the Germanwings crash of March 2015, the BDL airline association said on Friday.
Investigators believe Germanwings pilot Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit after they left to use the bathroom and deliberately flew the A320 jet into a mountainside in the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.
After the crash, Europe's aviation safety authority EASA imposed a rule that two crew members should be in the cockpit at all times, meaning that if one of the pilots needed to step out, a member of the cabin crew should step in.
EASA relaxed the requirement last year, saying it was up to airlines to carry out their own risk assessment.
The BDL said German airlines had independently come to the same conclusion - that the two-person cockpit rule did not increase safety but could rather create other risks, for example due to the door being open for longer to let crew in and out.
It highlighted figures showing there was a greater risk of airliners being hijacked than deliberately crashed, with more than 1,000 cases to date, compared with four suicides.
The change came after new Europe-wide rules were introduced regarding mental health screening and monitoring of pilots, designed to reduce the risk of an event similar to the Germanwings crash occurring.
Germany's biggest airline Lufthansa confirmed it would lift the two-person cockpit rule across all of its subsidiaries, including Swiss, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines and Eurowings by June 1.
A spokesperson for UK-listed tour operator Thomas Cook Group, which owns German airline Condor, said the new policy would apply to all four airlines within its group, including those in the UK, Belgium and Scandinavia, by May 15.
Similarly, the rule also applies to all airlines within the TUI Group, which owns German airline Tuifly and the Thomson holiday brand, a spokesperson confirmed.
However, other carriers including Ryanair and EasyJet, the first airline to introduce the two-person cockpit rule after the crash, said they would keep it in place.
British Airways said it would not comment on its policy for reasons of security.
(Reporting by Victoria Bryan; editing by Mark Heinrich)
April 28 Vf Corp
* Vf reports first quarter 2017 results; updates 2017 outlook
* Q1 earnings per share $0.52
* Q1 revenue fell 2 percent to $2.6 billion
* Vf corp - q1 revenue from continuing operations decreased 2 percent to $2.6 billion (down 1 percent currency neutral)
* Qtrly inventories were up 2 percent compared with same period of 2016
* Says revenue is expected to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate in 2017
* Vf corp- sees 2017 revenue to increase at low single-digit percentage rate including about 2 percentage point negative impact from changes in foreign currency
* Vf corp - 2017 earnings per share from continuing operations expected to be down at a low single-digit percentage rate compared to 2016 adjusted eps of $2.98
* Vf corp- 2017 earnings per share is expected to be down at a low single-digit percentage rate compared to 2016 adjusted eps of $2.98 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
DALLAS (AP) — Two Dallas police officers have been critically wounded in a shooting outside a hardware store.
The shooting happened about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday outside a Home Depot in northern Dallas.
The Dallas Police Department tweeted about the shooting, giving the conditions of the officers. But it did not immediately provide other details.
The department tweeted that a civilian was also shot. That person's condition wasn't immediately known.
Advertisement
Aerial video showed police using a helicopter and trained dogs to search for a suspect in a wooded area next to the store parking lot.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 10:00 am: Ministry of Earth Sciences Secretary M. Rajeevan and IMD Official K.J. Ramesh at a workshop in New Delhi. 11:00 am: Budget session of parliament continues New Delhi. 01:15 pm: Electronics & IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad meets Xiaomi Inc founder Lei Jun New Delhi. 03:00 pm: Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu to launch a train route extension New Delhi. LIVECHAT- FED FOCUS The pace of interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve this year now appears to be writing on the wall, with most FOMC members pointing to June for the next hike, and possibly two more increases this year. Tim Condon, Asia chief economist at ING, will discuss how this roadmap may impact Asia rates and economies, at 9.00 am. To join the conversation, click on the link: here INDIA TOP NEWS • India's top refiner to supply fuels to Nepal for five years Indian Oil Corp has agreed to supply refined products to Nepal for the next five years to meet all the fuel needs of the landlocked Himalayan nation, officials said on Monday. • Vedanta's Agarwal says happy with their 13 pct of Anglo American Indian billionaire Anil Agarwal said on Monday they were happy with their personal 13 percent stake in mining company Anglo American and was just planning to keep it as an investment for now. • India's finance minister paves way for landmark tax reforms India's finance minister Arun Jaitley paved the way for landmark tax reforms on Monday, introducing four bills on the goods and services tax in the lower house of parliament. • India's Motherson Sumi buys Finland's PKC Group for $619 mln Indian auto parts maker Motherson Sumi Systems Ltd said on Monday it had completed the buyout of Finland's PKC Group for 571 million euros. GLOBAL TOP NEWS • Trump son-in-law met executives of sanctioned Russian bank; will testify A Russian bank under Western economic sanctions over Russia's incursion into Ukraine disclosed on Monday that its executives had met Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and a top White House adviser, during the 2016 election campaign. • Toshiba wants Westinghouse to file for bankruptcy as early as Tuesday -source Toshiba Corp wants its U.S nuclear unit to file for Chapter 11 protection from creditors as early as today, according to a source with direct knowledge of the matter, seeking a quick ringfencing of losses before the Japanese parent's financial year ends. • Thousands take shelter as Cyclone Debbie lashes Australian coastal resorts Coastal areas in northeast Australia were battered by high winds and heavy rainfall as a powerful cyclone, which prompted authorities to urge some 30,000 people to evacuate, hit island resorts along the world-famous GreatBarrier Reef. GLOBAL MARKETS • U.S. equity index futures fell to a six-week low on Sunday in a sign Wall Street would start the week defensively after Republicans pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system in a stunning setback for President Donald Trump. • Asian stocks advanced after Wall Street steadied and the dollar bounced from a four-month-low, as anxiety over Donald Trump's setback on healthcare reform gave way to tentative hopes for the U.S. President's planned stimulus policies. • The dollar limped away from multi-month lows against its major peers early as the previous day's rout petered out, but the U.S. currency remained on shaky ground with much of the lift from the "Trump trade" now gone. • U.S. long-dated Treasury yields dropped to one-month lows on Monday, weighed down by growing doubts about the Trump administration's ability to deliver on its campaign promise to bolster the economy. • U.S. long-dated Treasury yields dropped to one-month lows on Monday, weighed down by growing doubts about the Trump administration's ability to deliver on its campaign promise to bolster the economy. • Gold prices steadied as investors looked to see if U.S. President Donald Trump will be able to enact promised tax cuts and infrastructure spending, taking the dollar off multi-month lows. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 65.04/65.07 March 27 $88.96 mln $675.12 mln 10-yr bond yield 7.13 pct Month-to-date $3.30 bln $3.61 bln Year-to-date $4.85 bln $4.92 bln For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 64.9700 Indian rupees)
ZURICH Five-times world champions Brazil have returned to what they will consider their rightful place at the top of the FIFA rankings for the first time in seven years.
Brazil have enjoyed a impressive revival since Tite replaced Dunga as their national team coach last year, winning all nine matches they have played under their leadership including eight World Cup qualifiers.
They continued their run in March with a 4-1 win in Uruguay and 3-0 win over Paraguay to become the first side to book their place at next year's World Cup in Russia with four games to spare.
Brazil, who replaced arch-rivals Argentina at the top, previously led the rankings going into the 2010 World Cup where they were eliminated by the Netherlands in the quarter-finals.
Since then, they have suffered a string of embarrassments, with elimination by Paraguay at successive Copa America tournaments in 2011 and 2015 and their infamous 7-1 loss to Germany in the 2014 World Cup semi-final.
Argentina lost their place after last week's 2-0 defeat in Bolivia which has left them struggling to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Four of the top five teams in the rankings announcement by FIFA on Thursday, are from South America. Chile is fourth, Colombia fifth and Germany sandwiched in between in third.
Egypt are Africa's best-placed team in 19th while Asia's top side are 28th-placed Iran.
Top ten rankings (previous month's places in brackets)
1. Brazil (2)
2. Argentina (1)
3. Germany (3)
4. Chile (4)
5. Colombia (7)
6. France (6)
7. Belgium (5)
8. Portugal (8)
9. Switzerland (11)
10. Spain (10)
(Writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Mark Miller
CHICAGO, April 20 Can you count on your Social Security benefits when retirement rolls around?
Most Americans worry about this - partly due to the nonsense they hear from political opponents of Social Security and ill-informed media. You will hear that the program is bankrupt, its reserves are nothing but a bunch of IOUs, or that Social Security is a Ponzi scheme.
All of those claims are false, but there is one good reason for concern. Social Security faces a long-term financial imbalance that would force sharp benefit cuts in 2034 unless the government makes changes. The problem stems from falling fertility rates and labor force growth - which reduces collection of payroll taxes that fund the system - and also from the retirement of baby boomers, which increases benefit costs.
Absent reform, Social Security could continue to pay roughly 75 percent of promised benefits. The cuts would mean that the typical 65-year-old worker could expect Social Security to replace 27 percent of pre-retirement income, down from 36 percent today, according to the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College.
No surprise, then, that only 37 percent of workers are “very or somewhat confident” that Social Security will be able to maintain current benefit levels in the future, according to survey research by the Employee Benefit Research Institute (EBRI) - although confidence is much higher among older workers and retirees.
From a math standpoint, potential solutions to the problem are straightforward. The cuts can be avoided through increased revenue, benefit reductions or some combination of the two. But the politics are another matter.
Republicans are far from holding a unified position on the issue. For example, U.S. Representative Sam Johnson, a Texas Republican who chairs the House Ways and Means subcommittee on Social Security, has proposed legislation containing two significant benefit cuts: gradually raising full retirement ages to 69 by 2030, and using a less generous annual cost-of-living adjustment formula known as the chained CPI.
Meanwhile, President Donald Trump has so far held to their campaign promise of opposing cuts. They have suggested that economic growth will solve the problem by stimulating wage growth and payroll tax collections - a position most economists dismiss as unrealistic.
REPUBLICAN ENTHUSIASM LACKING
The last major Republican reform proposal dates back to the George W. Bush administration, which proposed shifting the program to personal savings accounts - an idea that aroused Republican passion but that went down in flames.
“That was an idea that got people excited, but there hasn't been much enthusiasm for Social Security reform among Republicans since then,” said Andrew Biggs, resident scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute. Biggs worked on Social Security reform as an associate director of the White House National Economic Council.
Meanwhile, Democrats are in no mood to work with the Trump administration on anything that forces a compromise on their core values - and they have shifted significantly to the left on Social Security reform. Representative John Larson has introduced legislation that would not only restore trust fund balance but expand benefits. That is by far the best approach, since roughly half of all households have saved less than $25,000, according to EBRI. Larson's bill is cosponsored by more than 80 percent of the Democratic House caucus - more than any previous expansion bill.
The bill would increase benefits by 2 percent across the board, shift to a more generous annual cost-of-living adjustment that reflects spending by seniors and set a new minimum benefit at 25 percent above the poverty line. It also would cut taxes for millions of retirees by boosting significantly the threshold for taxation of benefits.
The plan raises revenue by gradually increasing the payroll tax rates that fund the program. The rate hikes would begin in 2019, and by 2042, workers and employers would pay 7.4 percent each, instead of the current 6.2 percent.
Larson, a Connecticut Democrat, also proposes changes to the payroll tax cap for very wealthy beneficiaries. Currently, payroll tax is collected only on wages up to $127,200; the plan would start collecting taxes again on wages above $400,000. That exempts more income than many earlier expansion plans, which either removed the cap entirely or resumed taxation at $250,000.
The payroll tax cap features played an important role in boosting support for expansion legislation, according to Max Richtman, CEO of the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare, a progressive advocacy group that supports the bill. “It brought many of the more conservative Democratic legislators on board,” they said.
Of course, the Larson bill is going nowhere in the Republican-controlled Congress, so Social Security reform will not happen before the 2018 midterm elections at the earliest - and perhaps much later than that. But that does not mean beneficiaries should worry about draconian cuts in 2034.
Even if reform is not achieved by 2034, Biggs thinks the problem likely would be solved at the 11th hour through tax increases - simply because benefit cuts must be enacted and phased in over long periods to give beneficiaries time to adjust.
"If they were going to do this by cutting benefits, it should have been enacted 20 years ago," they said. "If you want to do it by raising taxes you want to wait as long as possible, so that you get to the point where the only solution is to put more money into the program.”
But the uncertainty on Social Security policy will continue to undermine public confidence in the program - and that is worrying. Meanwhile, the clock is ticking. (Editing by Matthew Lewis)
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of the European Central Bank (ECB) is pictured outside its headquarters in Frankfurt, Germany, December 8, 2016. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski/File Photo
The U.S. Federal Reserve is moving appropriately on the path to unwind asset purchases and normalize rates, while the European Central Bank (ECB) may be too hesitant, said Mohamed El-Erian, chief economic advisor at the Allianz Group.
The Fed, ECB and Bank of Japan (BOJ) need policymakers to step up to take action on structural reforms to be more effective, El-Erian told the Reuters Global Markets Forum in an interview on Friday.
Following are edited excerpts from the conversation:
Q: Are central banks taking the right route to unwind their asset purchases and normalize rates?
A: When it comes to taking the foot off the unconventional stimulus pedal, the Fed appears to be moving appropriately. The ECB may be showing a little too much hesitancy. Importantly, the two of them – as well as the Bank of Japan – need other policymakers, with tools better suited for the task at hand, to step up to the plate more forcefully – especially when it comes to pro-growth structural reforms, more balanced demand management, better cross-border policy coordination and, in some isolated cases, targeted debt reduction (e.g., Greece).
Otherwise, it will be challenging for the central banks to deliver a "beautiful normalization," adopting a phrase from Bridgewater's Ray Dalio. As you know, I have worried that the central banks have been "the only game in town" for too long already.
Q: Your thoughts on Fed's balance sheet trimming? Certain sections of the market, for instance, believe balance sheet reduction should only start once the Fed funds rate is near 2 percent.
A: Yes, I agree. My own inclination would be to go some significant way in normalizing rates before initiating an active reduction in the Fed's balance sheet. Remember, this is unchartered territory. There are several uncertainties, so it is extra important to sequence carefully and implement in a measured fashion.
Q: How many U.S. rate-hikes are you expecting in 2017?
A: I expect that, absent a major negative shock, there will be a total of three rate hikes in 2017 -- so two more in the remainder of the year.
Q: What are your thoughts on the relationship between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, which is proving to be much friendlier than expected given Trump's campaign rhetoric, and what does that mean for markets or investments? [nL1N1I0067]
A: Yes, it looks like the two leaders had a good meeting in Washington, establishing a working relationship that appears to be deepening. This is very important as you are talking about the most important bilateral economic relationship in the world – between the largest economies.
As such, it has a notable influence on markets/investment. The economic and financial relationships between the U.S. and China are considerable and multifaceted. Indeed, given the current scale and scope of inter-connectedness, the most likely long-term outcomes are either win-win or lose-lose. And the dynamics involved could well be those of multiple equilibria. As such, the stakes are high for the global economy and markets.
Q: Do you think the deleveraging efforts in China are working?
A: The deleveraging process is proving to be a very gradual process. Fortunately, China has time and the pockets of excessive leverage are containable. But there will be the periodic stress, and it's one that requires timely policy responses.
Q: What is your view on the dollar? Could it get a further boost from U.S. President Donald Trump's policies?
A: A lot depends on policies. Specifically, the dollar would get a boost from the implementation of pro-growth measures that would also allow the Federal Reserve to normalize both interest rates and its balance sheet. As such, foreign exchange traders should keep a close eye on progress on tax reform, de-regulation and infrastructure in particular.
Q: Do you think inflation, which many thought would see a spike in 2017, has already reversed?
A: No. I think the recent U.S. reversal will prove temporary. I suspect that there is some more inflation in the pipeline in 2017 here, though I would not call it a spike – rather a slow move up.
Q: Would you be a buyer or seller of USD/JPY if the tensions on the Korean Peninsula escalate? How does that reconcile with BOJ's stance?
A: An escalation of the geo-political tensions you postulate in your question would most probably lead to an appreciation of the dollar versus the Japanese yen – related to economic, financial and technical reasons. I suspect that, in such a scenario, and it is one of many, the Bank of Japan would allow the currency to depreciate rather than take measures to meaningfully counter the move.
Q: Would you be a buyer of gold in this period of heightened geopolitical tensions? Or do you see it underperforming in a rising interest rate environment?
A: Much depends on what else I have in my portfolio. Some allocation to gold makes sense here.
Q: Would you say the populist wave highlighted by the Brexit vote and the U.S. election is already waning given the French election left centrist Emmanuel Macron in the lead? And what is your view on the euro as a whole?
A: No, I think the anti-establishment phenomenon is still with us. Remember, Emmanuel Macron campaigned against the mainstream parties. In fact, they do not have a party – just a "movement." What we are witnessing is the cumulative effect of too many years of low and insufficiently inclusive growth.
(Editing by Neil Fullick)
I went to see The Last Jedi with some immature trepidation, since I'm more emotionally invested in this story than I should be, not being a teenager doing crappy cosplay before I knew cosplay was a thing anymore. For me, you see, the Star Wars epic is not just a story. It's one of “my” stories—the stories I have carried with me and that helped shape my imagination, my sense of humanity, and my understanding of our relationships to the cosmos.
It wasn't until grad school that I found out that George Lucas had been inspired by Joseph Campbell's The Hero With a Thousand Faces, in which the mythographer argues for an archetypal mono-myth: One story to contain them all. It all fit together then. The story was my story not just because I had fallen for it as an impressionable kid who liked to wave sticks around and dress up in cloaks. It was mine because it was made to be inhabited out of preexisting archetypes already familiar to me. The things we fear. The things we desire. Temptation. The hero's journey.
But the hero's journey is typically a masculine archetype. I don't just mean simply that heroes have generally been portrayed as male. Nor even that the journey usually involves a lot of typically masculine accoutrements such as swords and spears. I mean, masculinity is written right into the concept itself. The idea that the hero must kill their father invokes all the terror of the taboo against patricide, but it's a taboo specific to the son and is connected with themes of paternal inheritance, progenitive power, phallic power. Identity between father and son is part of this—and, in the original trilogy, this is made overt when Luke, after cutting off Vader's head, sees their own face. At the time their lesson is “do not become your enemy!” But later they will learn the more sinister truth: Insofar as the son is an image of the father, they truly are Vader.
But what about the women?
We're princesses to be rescued, sorceresses to be conquered, crones to give curses. We might be beneficent maternal figures, hovering on the margins. We might be objects of desire. But rarely do we get to be agents in the hero's tale. This is not because we can't inhabit the archetype, but because we're so rarely allowed to do so.
It's interesting that through the saga, Princess Leia—herself no less force-powerful than their twin brother—escapes reduction to these tropes. She's a princess to be rescued only as a side note in their already tragic story, and as soon as she's rescued they take charge. Initially an object of desire for two men, this gets creepily subverted when one of the men turns out to be their own brother. When Leia is forced into a sexualized costume and position by Jabba the Hutt, they hate it. After strangling their captor with their own chains—itself a subversion of the erotic—she gets back into sensible clothing as quickly as possible.
Fans love the flirtatious banter between Han and Leia, but realistically their relationship was always doomed. It's no surprise that in The Force Awakens the tempestuous couple is a couple no more. Han and Leia were never really a good fit. The perception of some complementary equality in their relationship was the result of a sexist idea that any man with attitude is automatically entitled to the woman in the story, even if she's a princess and political mastermind while he's just a smuggler out for profit. Their romance blossoms in the empty spaces between the stars, in places of danger, liminal escapes. It could never survive reality.
Many female fans grew even more attached to the character of Leia in a year that saw women standing up against powerful men who would treat us the way Jabba treated their captive. It helped that Carrie Fisher themselves was a strong advocate for women's rights, as well as for the mentally ill, so we could have a sort of double-vision appreciation for two heroes, both the princess in space and the brave, outspoken actor in our world.
And then Fisher died. So going to see The Last Jedi meant going to see not just the next stage in the story, but also a final tribute to “space mom.”
The women who don't give up
There's been a lot of complaint about the centrality of the female characters in The Last Jedi from more conservative corners of fandom, as though it were too much, too in-your-face, Hollywood forcing feminism on us. And while I'll grant that The Last Jedi was in many ways a flawed film, its centering of female characters was not one of its flaws.
If the hero's journey is primarily a masculine archetype, maybe rebellion is where the women take the lead. In the Star Wars saga, the Rebellion is initially led by a woman, Mon Mothma—who also mentors Princess Leia, who becomes General Organa and in time leads the rebellion herself.
Leia is a survivor. During their life they have seen their home planet obliterated by a galactic villain who would turn out to be their own father. She's seen Obi Wan, their “only hope,” cut down by this same villain. After their son went over to the Dark Side, their brother fell into existential despair and disappeared to live as a hermit and their husband returned to a life of smuggling. And, finally, their son repeated the family pattern of doom by killing their own father.
Perhaps, at this point in their life, a prudent general decides that women are the ones to be trusted. Or maybe Leia has simply created a community of mentorship in which they train reliable women on every level of the Resistance.
If you want to take issue with this, you have to take issue with the reality that in this saga, the hero's journey has been individual, tragic, and destructive. Like Greek tragedy. You have to take issue with everything you love about the Star Wars epics.
Finding our places
Watching the story unfold, seeing the faithful women who remain at their posts and who don't give up, I couldn't help but think of the parallels with salvation history. It's not only in a Galaxy Far Far Away that the men flake out while the women hold firm. Think of the gospel narratives of the death of Jesus. The male disciples are driven by the great tragic passions: desire for glory, lust for revenge, fear of dishonor. But these passions drive them to betray Jesus, to deny him, and finally to flee their ignominious execution. The women stay, however. They weep, and they endure.
I don't think either Star Wars or the gospels are trying to prove that women are somehow morally superior or even that women can't have “hero's journeys.” We get female villains in plenty of stories, as well as in real life, because to be a woman is to be human. The Last Jedi gives us this, too—Gwendoline Christie's ominous Captain Phasma, who I hope will somehow be back for the next installment.
But in both stories we see that the women have earned a place at the center. In The Last Jedi, the plot gets this right. Women aren't running things in the Resistance because Hollywood is trying to rub our faces in feminism; rather, they're running things because it makes logical sense given the backstory and who's in charge.
Men who object to women taking central roles in the church might want to remember what place the women took in the gospels: at the foot of the cross, present with Christ, at the moment when God themselves was pierced and blood and water flowed. For us to be present at the heart of the practice of our faith is not some modern innovation. It's not artificial or forced, but part of the story's truth.
We look to the great myths and religious narratives to tell us where we belong and for women, too often we're left on the margin of the story. The Last Jedi may be simply a popular film—a mediocre one, even—but it taps into the mythic structures that form our sense of ourselves. It points me towards the same assurance I find in the gospel narratives: You have a place. This is where you belong. Right here, at the heart of things.
Image: © Disney•Pixar. All rights reserved.
Unlike the City, which is available with a petrol and a diesel engine, the Yaris will come with a petrol engine only
The Toyota Yaris' launch is just weeks away considering bookings for the mid-size sedan have already begun for a token amount of Rs 50,000. When launched, the Yaris enters a hotly contested segment comprising the likes of the Maruti Ciaz, Hyundai Verna, Skoda Rapid and Volkswagen Vento. But its prime rival will be the Honda City considering the neck-and-neck pricing both models are expected to have. So, let's see how these arch rivals stack up against each other on paper.
Dimensions
Car Models
Toyota Yaris
Honda City
Length
4,425mm
4,440mm
Width
1,730mm
1,729mm
Height
1,495mm
1,475mm
Wheelbase
2,550mm
2,600mm
With the specs of the Yaris revealed on April 17, 2018, we now have the official data of the India-spec car. Not the biggest sedan in its class, the Yaris is 20mm taller and marginally wider (1mm) than the City. The City, on the other hand, is longer and has a bigger wheelbase (50mm) than the Yaris. This should translate into more room inside the City's cabin. The Maruti Suzuki Ciaz continues to be the longest and widest car in the midsize sedan segment and also has the largest wheelbase among its rivals.
Engines
Unlike the Honda City (available with both petrol and diesel engine options), the Yaris will only be offered in a petrol avatar. Hence, we are only considering the petrol engine of the City in this comparison.
Car Models
Toyota Yaris
Honda City
Petrol engines
1.5-litre
1.5-litre
Power
108PS
119PS
Torque
140Nm
145Nm
Transmission
6-speed MT/7-speed CVT with paddle shifters
5-speed MT/ 7-speed CVT with paddle shifters
Mileage
17.1kmpl/ 17.8kmpl (CVT)
17.4kmpl/18kmpl (CVT)
Between the two, it's the i-VTEC petrol engine of the City which is more powerful and torquier. However, the Yaris doesn't feel underpowered for daily runabouts as we found out in our Toyota Yaris review. We'd still reserve our judgement on their performance once we get a chance to do a full-blown comparison of the two models in our road tests. While the Yaris' engine comes mated to either a 6-speed manual gearbox or a 7-speed CVT, the City offers the option of either a 5-speed manual or a 7-speed CVT. Both the sedans stand neck-and-neck when it comes to fuel consumption.
Features
Standard features
The base-spec J variant of the Yaris is loaded with 7 airbags (driver+passenger+driver knee+side+curtain), Anti-lock Brake System (ABS) with Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD) and Brake Assist (BA), keyless entry, central locking, power windows, tilt-adjustable steering, audio system with CD, MP3, Aux-in, Bluetooth connectivity and 4 speakers, and 60:40 rear split seats.
On the other hand, the entry-level variant of the City gets dual airbags, ABS with EBD, ISOFIX child seats, daytime running lights, keyless entry, remote central locking, power windows, tilt steering, audio unit with MP3, Bluetooth and Aux-in port, and rear defogger.
With an extensive safety package comprising 7 airbags, along with practical features like 60:40 rear split seats, the Yaris has an advantage over the City as far as the base variants are concerned.
Must read: Toyota Yaris Review: In Pictures
Features on top-spec variants
The top-spec Toyota Yaris VX variant gets features like front parking sensors, 15-inch alloys, tyre pressure monitoring system, power-adjustable driver's seat, gesture controlled infotainment system, and roof-mounted rear AC vents. However, it doesn't get a sunroof and a telescopic adjustable steering even in its top-end variant, unlike the City. The Honda City also gets LED headlamps compared to projector headlights (not LED) on the Toyota.
On its top-end ZX variant, the City also gets diamond cut 16-inch alloys and LED headlamps, fog lamps and tail lamps, push-button start/stop, tilt and telescopic adjustable steering, 7-inch touchscreen infotainment system, 6 airbags (side and curtain) and a sunroof.
Like the base variants, the top variants of both these cars are also closely matched as far as features are concerned. The Honda City is the flashier car here with LED treatment all around, along with a sunroof, for those who want one. The Yaris scores high on functionality, such as front parking sensors and power-adjustable driver's seat. It also gets a gesture-controlled infotainment unit but that feels more gimmicky and a feature that you may not end up using too often.
Price
The current prices (as on April 23, 2018) of the Honda City start from Rs 8.71 lakh and go up to Rs 13.77 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi), whereas we are expecting the Toyota Yaris to be priced from Rs 10 lakh to Rs 14 lakh.
Recommended: Toyota Yaris Specs Comparison: Verna, City, Ciaz & More
Read More on : City diesel
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
Real estate agent Cenk Tanman talks during an interview with Reuters at their office in Istanbul, Turkey, March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Feray Aksit talks during an interview with Reuters at their home in Istanbul, Turkey, March 17 , 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Gokhan Gokceoglu, who runs a financial consultancy firm in Britain, poses during an interview with Reuters in Istanbul, Turkey, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
ISTANBUL Lawyer Savas Ersoy and their wife turned down many chances to leave Turkey and work abroad. But after a failed coup, a wave of bombs and the referendum on expanding presidential powers on Sunday, they are packing their bags.
Like other professionals who are leaving Turkey, the Ersoys say they are uncertain about the country's political future and afraid of instability.
"We have been thinking of moving abroad for about a year and a half. However, with the developments in Turkey over the past six to seven months, we have decided to move," said the 37-year-old lawyer.
Sunday's referendum could grant President Tayyip Erdoğan new authority and transform Turkish politics. Already the most powerful leader since the founder of modern Turkey Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, Erdoğan has won successive elections and enjoys strong support among pious and conservative voters, mainly in rural areas.
But they are viewed with suspicion by many liberal Turks, who say the secular foundations of the country of 80 million people are being eroded by an increasingly authoritarian president.
The Ersoys are moving to the Danish capital Copenhagen this month after Ersoy's wife, who works in the pharmaceutical sector, took up the offer of a job they had previously declined.
"We have had job offers from abroad before as well. We didn't accept them, thinking 'Why would we go?' But the developments after (the failed coup on) July 15, the referendum, this executive presidency issue, things have gotten out of hand," Ersoy said.
"We don't know what will happen in six months. Bombs are exploding in many parts of the nation. I have a three-year old daughter and Europe is safer."
A "Yes" vote on Sunday would empower Erdoğan to appoint ministers, top officials and judges, dissolve parliament and declare emergency rule - powers their backers say are needed to confront Islamic State and Kurdish militants and root out those behind last July's attempted coup.
Erdoğan's critics say the changes would remove checks on their power, lurching Turkey closer to becoming an authoritarian state, after a post-coup crackdown in which more than 100,000 people were sacked or suspended over suspected links with terrorist organisations.
Statistics on exactly how many professionals are leaving Turkey are hard to find, but Ersoy's comments echo those of several who spoke to Reuters in the run-up to the referendum.
Gokhan Gokceoglu, who runs a financial consultancy firm in Britain, said a growing number of Turks were trying to follow in their footsteps.
"As someone who lives in Britain, I can say that there is an increase in demand from white-collar and well-educated people in recent times to live in Britain and get citizenship," they told Reuters while on a holiday break in Istanbul.
SECULAR FEARS
Feray Aksit, 36, worries about how Turkey's secular outlook will be affected by the policies of Erdoğan and their Islamist-rooted AK Party, particularly the impact on their daughter's schooling.
They resigned from their job in the telecommunications sector to prepare for a move to Germany, where their engineer husband found work.
"I am the mother of a girl. The uncertainties in the country, changes to education and the curriculum becoming more detached from science has raised some concerns," they said.
"In terms of security, we don't have the same comfort we did five or six years ago either... At first we doubted whether we were doing the right thing. But after the decision to hold the referendum, we thought the coming years would be uncertain as well," they said.
While many lawyers, economists, engineers and bankers look for work or university programmes to get residency permits in foreign countries, those who do not have those options - but do have cash - buy property to secure their place abroad.
Several European Union countries offer residency permits in return for real estate investment, with minimum levels set at anything from 250,000 euros to several million euros.
Education consultant Tolga Gurses, 42, attended a presentation in Istanbul promoting investment in Portugal as a way of getting residency permits. "There were approximately 200 participants. Though it is a bit saddening, there is great interest in the option to live abroad," Gurses said.
Another target for real estate investment is neighbouring Greece, despite its often fraught history with Turkey.
“There is a noticeable demand for Greece in recent times," said Cenk Tanman, who founded a website for people wanting to invest there. "They prefer Greece as a plan B."
Selcan Turk, who has lived there for 15 years, set up a business for Turks buying property in Greece. They said they brought dozens of people to examine properties in March, and three of those prospects had turned into sales.
"Turks' interest in Greece has increased dramatically in the past five to six months. Even though their economic status isn't too high, they are using all the resources they have," they said.
(Writing by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Dominic Evans and Sonya Hepinstall)
Meet thriller author Jason Stadtlander at the book launch and signing of THE STEEL VAN MAN at the North Shore Mall Barnes & Noble in Peabody, MA.
Jason Stadtlander
Contact
Joni Firestone/BHC Press
***@bhcpress.com Joni Firestone/BHC Press
End
-- Jason Stadtlander, author of the fiction anthology, will be hosting their book launch and signing foron Friday, October 6, 2017 from 6PM to 8PM at Barnes & Noble (North Shore Mall, 210 Andover St, Peabody, MA).Stadtlander's fiction thriller,(published by BHC Press), is centered in the small Massachusetts town of Swampscott, just north of Boston, where a serial killer is hunting its victims. Detective Stanley Devonshire is joined by their long-time friend Marblehead Detective Mark Brown, Massachusetts State Police Officer Joyce Chase and an imposing federal agent as they uncover a trail of evidence that appears to be almost a century old.weaves a story of murder, secrets, and justice sought and is a "novel wcj [that] turns the crime/thriller genre on its head…an intriguing idea…" —Ignite BooksStadtlander will be available from 6PM to 8PM to personally autograph copies. Books can sell out quickly. It is highly recommended that attendees preorder books. Please contact B&N at 978-573-3261 to reserve a copy today.A long time Swampscott resident, Jason is originally from Ohio and has had an affinity for writing since they wrote their first story in sixth grade. Since then, they have written more than two hundred short stories. In addition to their novels, Jason has published numerous articles and columns in newspapers and magazines, and is also a columnist at the Huffington Post. They enjoy connecting and philosophizing with their readers through book signings and speaking engagements. Learn more about Jason at jasonstadtlander.com.BHC Press is an alternative publisher of general fiction and nonfiction hardcover, trade, and ebooks for both YA and adults.is published under their mystery/thriller/suspense imprint Open Window.To learn more about Jason Stadtlander and BHC Press, visit: http://www.bhcpress.com/
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
UPDATE 2-Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission (OSC) and accepted responsibility for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
STOCKHOLM, March 29 Music legend Bob Dylan will receive their Nobel Prize diploma and medal in Stockholm in the next few days where is they due to give a concert this weekend, the secretary of the Nobel Academy said in a blog on Wednesday.
"The good news is that the Swedish Academy and Bob Dylan have decided to meet this weekend," Sara Danius said in a blog post.
"The Academy will then hand over Dylan's Nobel diploma and the Nobel medal, and congratulate them on the Nobel Prize in Literature."
(Reporting by Simon Johnson; Editing by Niklas Pollard)
March 31 Inner Mongolia Furui Medical Science Co Ltd
* Says it halts share private placement plan due to policies, changes in market conditions
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2oi2Rc5
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
March 30 Channel Well Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 2.35 per share to shareholders for 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Zx32eu
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Some cross by foot, others take taxis close to the Canada-U.S. border, crossing into Quebec in an effort to claim asylum.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
May 2 Cummins Inc
* Cummins announces first quarter results; raises outlook for 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $2.36
* Q1 revenue $4.6 billion versus i/b/e/s view $4.15 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.81 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees fy 2017 revenue up 4 to 7 percent
* Cummins inc - full year 2017 revenues expected to be up 4 to 7 percent
* Cummins inc - sees fy ebit is projected to be in range of 11.75 to 12.5 percent of sales
* Cummins-Fy forecast excludes impact of new jv with eaton, which will be consolidated within co's financial results, is expected to be operational in q3
* Fy2017 revenue view $17.30 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
March 31 Digital Arts Inc:
* Says it will set up a wholly owned subsidiary with capital of 6 bln dong on July 1
* Says the new subsidiary will be engaged in development of internet security related software
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/aSJaPN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WASHINGTON The United States and Guatemala have a reached am agreement that will eliminate Guatemala's tariffs on U.S. chicken leg quarters four-and-a-half years earlier than planned, the U.S. Trade Representative's office said on Monday.
The agreement, part of follow-on negotiations under the Central American Free Trade Agreement, calls for elimination of the 12.5 percent tariff on U.S. exports of fresh, frozen, and chilled chicken leg quarters this month.
The United States and Guatemala also will establish a tariff rate quota allowing imports of 1,000 metric tons of processed chicken leg quarters to enter duty-free each year through Dec. 31, 2021, USTR said in a statement. Any remaining tariffs and quotas will be eliminated, effective Jan. 1, 2022.
Sales of U.S. chicken leg quarters to Guatemala totaled $82 million in 2016, about 8 percent of the country's total U.S. agricultural imports of $1.1 billion last year.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — The company that runs the Hibernia platform off Newfoundland has pleaded guilty after it continued to operate after a crude oil leak that saw 6,000 litres spill into the North Atlantic.
The Hibernia Management and Development Company was fined $80,000 and ordered to pay $170,000 into the federal Environmental Damages Fund.
Newfoundland and Labrador's offshore energy regulator announced in 2015 it had laid charges in connection with the spill.
An agreed statement of facts says about 6,000 litres of crude oil leaked from Hibernia's offshore loading system starting on Dec. 27, 2013.
It was blamed on a slightly open valve which a supply vessel closed about five days later.
Hibernia is located 315 kilometres east of St. John's and sits in 82 metres of water.
The Canadian Press
April 13 Altin AG:
* Said on Wednesday for the period ended Dec. 31, 2016, ALTIN posted a loss of $366,000 (2015, restated for IFRS 10: gain of $5.249 million)
* The request by Alpine Select AG and Absolute Invest AG for a distribution of a dividend of 15 Swiss francs per dividend entitled share shall be submitted to the shareholders at the ordinary shareholders' meeting
* ALTIN AG shall inform in due course on a possible start of merger talks with Alpine Select and/or other solutions in order for ALTIN to run sound and efficiently
Source text - bit.ly/2p8SBD9
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
MANILA A strong earthquake measuring 7.2 struck off the coast of Mindanao island in the Philippines on Saturday, and the country's seismology agency advised people to stay away from coastal areas but expected no major damage.
There were no immediate reports of destruction or casualties, but witnesses said the quake was very strong and shook the ground and walls.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre said there was a risk big waves could spread 300 km (190 miles) away from the epicentre, reaching as far away as Indonesia.
The Philippines Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (Philvolcs) said no tsunami warning was issued after a quake it had measured at 7.2. The U.S Geological Survey downgraded its own assessment of the magnitude to 6.8.
The Philippines is on the geologically active Pacific Ring of Fire and experiences frequent earthquakes, particularly in the south, although there were several last months in Batangas on the main island of Luzon, felt also in the capital Manila.
The earthquake was about 57 km (35 miles) southwest of Sarangani province, the southernmost part of Mindanao, the biggest island in the south of the archipelago nation.
"It was so strong, you could hear the ground shaking for almost 10 seconds," Jenifer Bugtay, who works at a beach-front resort in Sarangani, said by telephone.
"This is the strongest earthquake I have experienced," they said. "The wall looked like it would fall."
Philvolcs head Renato Solidum said there was no need to evacuate the area. The quake was at sea, and deep, although the public had been advised to stay away from the coast in the south for the next few hours.
Solidum said no major damage was anticipated.
"Many of our southern cities are far from the epicentre so we are not expecting much damage," they told news channel ANC.
"We have had some aftershocks, we expect that."
Janet Bongolan, tourism officer at the Tuka Marine Park in Sarangani province, said people spilled out of their homes and into the streets during the earthquake, but most had returned and there was no sign of panic.
"There's no news here that there will be a tsunami. But we are watching out for aftershocks. We are careful here," they said by telephone.
(Reporting by Manuel Mogato, Neil Jerome Morales and Enrico dela Cruz; Writing by Martin Petty; Editing by Robert Birsel)
March 29 Motorola Solutions Inc:
* Files patent infringement complaint with U.S. International Trade Commission against Hytera Communications
* Seeks immediate ITC investigation, exclusion order and cease-and-desist order
* Legal action follows patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation complaints filed by co against Hytera on March 14, 2017
* Complaint asserts Hytera is "unlawfully" importing,selling two-way radio equipment,systems,related software that infringe co' patents Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Dollar index pulls further away from 4-1/2-month lows
* Prospects of ECB moving away from easy policy tempered for now
* Pound steady after Britain's triggering of Article 50
* Views on GBP split as London gears up for formal divorce talks (Updates prices, adds details and quotes)
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, March 30 The dollar edged up to a nine-day high against a basket of currencies on Thursday, with the euro sagging as the European Central Bank showed no sign of stepping away from monetary easing anytime soon.
The U.S. currency was up 0.3 percent at 111.385 yen, putting some distance between the four-month low of 110.110 it plumbed on Monday.
The euro dipped 0.2 percent to $1.0745, having drifted down from a 4-1/2-month high of $1.0906 scaled on Monday.
The common currency had dropped about 0.5 percent overnight following a report by Reuters that European Central Bank policymakers were wary of changing their policy message after tweaks this month had raised expectations of the central bank ending its super-easy policy and eventually hiking interest rates.
"The market may have gotten ahead of itself on its expectations towards the ECB ending its easy policy and the news helped temper such speculation," said Junichi Ishikawa, senior FX strategist at IG Securities in Tokyo.
"That said, the ECB seems set on finding a way out of its easy policy, so it would be difficult for the euro to keep declining. It is no longer a case of the euro being sold on easy policy expectations, with German bund yields settled firmly in positive territory."
The euro was boosted earlier in the month by a report that the ECB had discussed the possibility of raising interest rates before the end of its quantitative easing programme.
The pound inched up 0.1 percent to $1.2450 following choppy moves the previous day.
Sterling swung between $1.2478 and an eight-day low of $1.2377 on Wednesday before ending little changed, unable to find clear direction from Britain's formal triggering of its exit from the European Union.
"We expect the triggering of Article 50 to initiate a 'sell the rumour, buy the fact' rebound in GBP from historic undervaluation as ambiguity over Brexit recedes," currency strategists at Barclays wrote, saying the markets had overestimated the downside to the pound resulting from Brexit.
Others, however, saw downside risks to sterling amid potential upcoming political uncertainty and the possibility of Britain not being able to reach an exit deal with the EU during their two-year negotiation period.
HSBC sees the pound falling to $1.10 by the end of 2017 and the euro, currently around 86.40 pence, advancing to parity with sterling.
The dollar index against a group of major currencies was up 0.1 percent at 100.100 after rising overnight to 100.140, its highest since March 21.
The greenback was also boosted by Chicago Fed President Charles Evans, who said they were in line with most of their colleagues in supporting further rate hikes this year.
The dollar benefited as some of the dust began to settle after its tumble earlier in the week to 4-1/2-month lows.
The currency slumped on Monday after the U.S. House of Representatives pulled a bill to overhaul U.S. healthcare insurance, which knocked the wind out of the dollar-supportive "Trump trade."
The Australian dollar lost 0.1 percent to $0.7665 and the New Zealand dollar slipped 0.2 percent to $0.7021 against the resurgent dollar. (Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Eric Meijer)
HELSINKI For all their brilliance and world record scores, there is one annoying riddle that Yuzuru Hanyu has yet crack.
Will they ever be able to win a major global competition by producing back-to-back flawless skates?
Sporting annuls will show that by the age of 22, the Japanese had won an Olympic gold medal and two world titles.
However, if fans read the small print, they will be reminded that on each occasion Hanyu triumphed by producing one spectacular performance while the other was anything but.
It is a pattern that started at the 2014 Sochi Games, when a breathtaking short skate was followed by two spills in the longer programme.
The sequence was reversed at the world championships a few weeks later in Saitama, where Hanyu had to make up ground in the free skate after producing a messy short programme.
Three years on and Hanyu is no closer to savouring that perfect performance at a championship.
Instead they had to rely on a dazzling free skate on Saturday, with world record scores, to lift them from fifth to the top of the podium.
But with the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics 10 months away, Hanyu feels there is a limit to the amount of nerves they can tolerate.
"I feel it's very difficult to put out two clean programmes in both the short and the free, and I still need to work on that," Hanyu told reporters after edging out teammate Shoma Uno for the gold.
"Towards the Olympic season I think it's important to skate clean both in the short and the free, these two programmes together."
That may be easier said than done.
Even when Hanyu fails to win the top prize at the major global meets, they do not deviate from their usual script.
At the last two world championships they produced brilliant short skates only to suffer blowouts in the free -- handing victory to their coach Brian Orser's other pupil, Javier Fernandez, on each occasion.
In Helsinki, however, it was the turn of short-skate leader Fernandez to suffer that feeling as they stumbled to fourth.
It was a result that proved one thing to the Spaniard.
"If Yuzu skates a clean short and a clean long, they will probably be unbeatable," said Fernandez.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Greg Stutchbury)
April 24 Raffles Medical Group Ltd
* Q1 revenue s$114.9 million versus s$116.9 million
* No dividend has been declared or recommended for q1 ended 31 March 2017
* Qtrly profit attributable s$15.55 million versus s$15.53 million
* Directors expect the group to remain profitable in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LIVERPOOL, England (Reuters) - Everton manager Ronald Koeman said Wayne Rooney, who scored on their return to the club in the 1-0 win over Stoke on Saturday, was far from a spent force and showed exactly why they were the right signing for the club.
Rooney's move back to their boyhood club, after 13 successful years at Manchester United, divided opinion between those who viewed it as a welcome romantic return and those who felt they were not the right player for Koeman's new-look side.
But in their first Premier League outing Rooney not only scored the winner with a beautifully executed header from a Dominic Calvert-Lewin cross, but they also exuded quality and composure throughout.
"There was one player in an Everton shirt today who was, from the first second to the last, comfortable on the pitch," said the Dutch manager.
"He made every decision the right one and they scored a great goal from a great cross from Dominic.
"In difficult moments, they showed their experience. That is why we signed Wayne -- expecting to show their team-mates all that experience, and it was really important," they said.
Rooney last scored a goal for Everton at Goodison on March 13, 2004 when they claimed the winner against Portsmouth.
That gap of 4,869 days is the longest between goals for the same club in the Premier League. The header was their 300th involvement in a goal in the Premier League, with 101 assists to add to their 199 goals. Only Alan Shearer, with 324, has more.
And they joined Shearer and Frank Lampard with the most goals on the league's opening day - eight.
Koeman not only believes that Rooney fits perfectly into their plans at Everton, but they also think they are far from the faded force that many felt they were becoming at United.
"Wayne showed they are still one of the best players in their position and they showed today the player that we expected," said Koeman.
"A lot of cleverness on the pitch and a great goal and a great header. We can't ask for more than they showed today."
April 28 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. Headlines Steven Cohen dragged back into Fairfax lawsuit on.ft.com/2qci9wT United settles with abused passenger for undisclosed amount on.ft.com/2pEAANx Boeing asks U.S. to take action on Bombardier over C series pricing on.ft.com/2p8YaAP Overview The billionaire Steven Cohen must again face a lawsuit accusing them and their former firm SAC Capital Advisors LP of conspiring with other hedge funds to spread false rumours about Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd to drive down its stock price. United Airlines and the passenger who was dragged from a Chicago flight earlier this month have reached a settlement for an undisclosed sum, they said on Thursday, in the carrier's latest step to contain damage from an incident that sparked international outrage. Boeing Co asked the U.S. Commerce Department to investigate alleged subsidies and unfair pricing for Canadian planemaker Bombardier's new CSeries airplane, adding to growing trade tensions between the United States and Canada. (Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru)
THE HAGUE/SAN JOSE (Reuters) - Costa Rica claimed victory over Nicaragua on Friday, after the United Nations' highest court awarded Costa Rica disputed territory along the coastal border shared by the two Central American countries.
Nicaragua was ordered by the International Court of Justice in The Hague to remove a military base from a contested coastal area near the San Juan river, which the judges said violated Costa Rican sovereignty.
The court's panel of 15 international judges also found that Costa Rica has sovereignty over the “whole northern part of Isla Portillos, including the coast,” but excluding Harbour Head Lagoon.
Costa Rica's President Luis Guillermo Solis called the decision “historic,” while Foreign Minister Manuel Gonzalez said it was very close to what the country had asked for.
In a separate case heard at the court earlier on Friday, Nicaragua was ordered to pay Costa Rica nearly $379,000 dollars - less than it had asked for - in reparations for environmental damage to parts of its wetlands at the mouth of the disputed San Juan river.
FILE PHOTO: Environmental officials inspect Isla Portillos, a 16-square-km swath of the Caribbean wetland at the center of a dispute between Costa Rica and Nicaragua April 5, 2011. REUTERS/Juan Carlos Ulate/File Photo
Costa Rica should be compensated by April 2 for damage caused, the cost of environmental restoration, expenses and interest, the court said.
“The amount is not what we hoped for, but we accept fully and respectfully what the court decided,” Gonzalez said. “Nicaragua has a valuable opportunity to rebuild trust between the two countries and close the chapters that have distanced us in recent years.”
FILE PHOTO: Three representatives of the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands look for environmental damage on Isla Portillos, a 16-square-km swath of the Caribbean wetland at the center of a dispute between Costa Rica and Nicaragua April 5, 2011. REUTERS/Juan Carlos Ulate/File Photo
Nicaragua's government called the environmental verdict a “major defeat for Costa Rica” in a statement. It did not comment on the other cases.
As part of the border settlement, the court drew a new maritime boundary between the states, who have had rival claims since 2002, when Nicaragua published maps detailing oil concessions. Some of those were in waters claimed by Costa Rica.
Related Coverage U.N. court orders Nicaragua to remove military camp in dispute with Costa Rica
Costa Rica had filed the suit in 2014, asking the court to determine its borders with Nicaragua in the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean.
In 2010, Nicaragua sent soldiers to open an artificial waterway to divert water from the San Juan River that divides both countries to a nearby Nicaraguan lake, in what Costa Rica saw as a move to shorten its territory. Nicaragua said it was dredging a natural waterway.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Trelleborg Ab:
* Q4 ‍NET SALES FOR Q4 OF 2017 ROSE 4 PERCENT TO SEK 7,708 M (7,434).​
* Q4 ‍ORGANIC SALES INCREASED 7 PERCENT. EXCLUDING PROJECT DELIVERIES, CORRESPONDING INCREASE WAS 9 PERCENT.​
* SAYS ‍BOARD OF DIRECTORS PROPOSES A CASH DIVIDEND OF SEK 4.50 PER SHARE​
* Q4 ‍EBIT, EXCLUDING ITEMS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY, ROSE 10 PERCENT TO SEK 928 M (841)​
* SAYS ‍THIS WAS EQUIVALENT TO AN EBIT MARGIN OF 12.0 PERCENT (11.3).​
* Q1 MARKET OUTLOOK: ‍DEMAND IS EXPECTED TO BE ON A PAR WITH Q4 OF 2017, ADJUSTED FOR SEASONAL VARIATIONS.​
* REUTERS POLL: TRELLEBORG Q4 ADJUSTED EBIT WAS SEEN AT SEK 901 MILLION, SALES AT SEK 7,571 MILLION, DIVIDEND AT 4.57 SEK/SHARE
* REUTERS POLL: TRELLEBORG Q4 ADJUSTED EBIT WAS SEEN AT SEK 901 MILLION, SALES AT SEK 7,571 MILLION, DIVIDEND AT 4.57 SEK/SHARE
* SAYS ‍OUR DELIVERIES TO AEROSPACE INDUSTRY REMAINED HEALTHY, ALTHOUGH WE OBSERVED INDICATIONS OF BOTTLENECKS IN SUB-SUPPLIER STAGE IN SECOND HALF OF YEAR​
* SAYS ‍WE DO NOT ANTICIPATE ANY IMPROVEMENT IN NEAR FUTURE FOR PARTS OF OUR OIL & GAS OPERATION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
* Arsenal suffered humiliating 3-0 defeat at Crystal Palace
* Forward Andros Townsend stroked home opener in the 17th minute
* Yohan Cabaye curled home a superb second goal after 63 minutes
* Luka Milivojevic added third with a penalty five minutes later
* Arsenal visit Middlesbrough next, Palace host Leicester City
CRYSTAL PALACE 3 ARSENAL 0
April 10 Arsenal's hopes of finishing in the Premier League top-four suffered a huge blow as they suffered a humiliating 3-0 defeat at relegation-threatened Crystal Palace on Monday.
Palace, winners of four of their previous five league games, started in confident fashion and opened the scoring when former Tottenham Hotspur winger Andros Townsend swept the ball home at the end of a smart passing move after 17 minutes.
Palace striker Christian Benteke then had a goal ruled out for offside before Yohan Cabaye's superb curled effort and Luka Milivojevic's penalty in five second-half minutes completed a miserable night for Arsene Wenger's struggling side.
Arsenal, who have finished in the top four in 20 consecutive seasons, have 54 points from 30 games -- seven points and two positions behind fourth-placed Manchester City, who have played a game more.
Crystal Palace stay 16th but now have 34 points from 31 matches, six more than Swansea City, who occupy the final relegation place in 18th and have played a game more. (Reporting by Tom Hayward; Editing by Ken Ferris)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Feb 1 (Reuters) - In its quarterly earnings report on Thursday, Apple Inc gave the first update in two years on what it calls its active installed base, the number of major products such as iPhones, iPads and Macs in use in the world. Apple said the base expanded 30 percent from two years ago to 1.3 billion.
That increase should have been seen as positive because Apple aims to become less dependent on selling iPhones and shift to selling its existing customers services like Apple Music or add-on devices like the Apple Watch or AirPods.
But analysts voiced skepticism. Apple's best-selling product, the iPhone, has seen relatively flat unit sales over the same two-year period. On Apple's earnings conference call, Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi said that the combination of trends implies users are hanging on to their devices longer, and they asked Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook whether investors should be worried about that.
Cook responded that it was up to investors to decide what to focus on, but said they were comfortable with customers buying used iPhones.
When customers sell their old iPhone for a new one, the old iPhone “winds up with another customer somewhere else that is perfectly fine with having a previously owned iPhone. And so I view all of that to be incredibly positive. It's more people on iPhones, the better,” Cook said.
Laura Martin of Needham & Co pressed Cook on whether the larger device base meant more devices per user, or more users - an important question, because a user with both an iPad and iPhone is likely to only purchase one Apple Music subscription, for example.
Cook said “there are many, many, many more” Apple users than two years ago but declined to give an actual figure.
The signals on how well Apple is monetizing users were mixed. Sales of its “wearable” accessories - Beats headphones, AirPods and the Apple Watch - were up 70 percent year-over-year in the fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 30. But services revenue - which includes Apple Music, iCloud and the App Store - fell short of analysts' expectations for the December quarter, at $8.4 billion, and was down slightly from the previous quarter.
Apple has yet to disclose plans for how it will distribute the television shows in which it has been investing in recent months, which could become a large business.
“They've been building up the services business for several years, knowing full well that at some point the gravy train on smart phones is going to end,” said Bob O‘Donnell, head of Technalysis Research. (Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Strong calls for digital & tech sectors to 'improve inclusion and accessibility'
Global user experience agency Sigma has called for UK digital and technology sectors to improve the inclusion and accessibility of its products and services, saying it's a "moral and commercial imperative".
Global user experience (UX) agency Sigma has called for UK digital and technology sectors to improve the inclusion and accessibility of its products and services, saying it's a "moral and commercial imperative".
Sigma has been hosting the Camp Digital conference in Manchester, and is hosting a workshop Wednesday for London Tech Week on the necessity of creating digital products - such as websites, mobile apps and software - accessible to all users, and users who are often left out of the design process. This can include partially sighted people, people with neuro-diversity (such as dyslexia or the autistic spectrum), hearing loss, elderly people who suffer impairments, those with mobility or cognitive impairment (such as epilepsy), manual dexterity problems and those with learning disabilities.
Sigma managing director Hilary Stephenson wrote an open letter online which has already garnered support from The Molly Watt Trust (set up to assist and improve the lives of those with Usher Syndrome), but she's hoping for a lot more.
"There is a misconception in the industry that making products 'accessible' means adding additional components but this is not the case. Those elements, which make services accessible, have the same benefits for everyone else," they say.
"At Sigma, we believe we can all try harder to be more inclusive from the start of any digital project. More than ever before, the need to deliver accessible digital products and services constitutes both a moral and a commercial imperative and something which urgently requires more forces as the population continues to live longer and get older."
There are currently more than 10 million disabled people in the UK, according to the Office for National Statistics. This represents around 15 percent of the entire population, and it's expected to rise.
Hilary says when Sigma works with companies, it advises building a website "for the 5 percent". This way, websites will be accessible to those living with a disability, but simultaneously will cater, if not make it easier to navigate, for the other 95 percent without a disability.
For more tips on this, we have an in-depth guide to UX and design approaches that benefit people with visual impairment and disabled people. The guide explores where web interfaces struggle to cater to people with disabilities, what steps can be taken and what organisation to turn to for further testing and advice.
Response to Sigma's call to action at Camp Digital was positive. According to Sigma, it showed an industry open to improving the inclusiveness of UX for everyone, but more companies need to "step forward and make this commitment official".
1 2 Next Page
The logo of Exxon Mobil Corporation is shown on a monitor above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York, December 30, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
São Paulo U.S. oil company Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) expressed to Brazil's state-controlled company Petrobras (PETR4.SA) "strong interest" in the exploration of deep-water oil fields off the Brazilian coast, Petrobras Chief Executive Pedro Parente said on Tuesday.
"Considering movements towards a strategic partnership, we have nothing concrete with Exxon, but they have certainly expressed strong interest in the Brazilian pre-salt exploration," Parente told reporters.
Earlier on Tuesday, The Wall Street Journal reported that Exxon was in talks to gain access to Brazil's deep-water oil resources, citing people familiar with the matter.
Petroleo Brasileiro Sa Petrobras, familiarly known as Petrobras, and Exxon initially declined to comment on the report, but later Parente briefly spoke about it on their way out of a seminar in São Paulo.
Exxon is one of the few major oil companies still with no presence in the exploration of the recently discovered large fields off the coast of Brazil.
Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSa.L) sharply increased its operations in the area after acquiring BG Group last year. French oil major Total SA (TOTF.PA) did the same recently by closing a strategic partnership with Petrobras.
Norway's Statoil ASA (STL.OL) has also bought stakes in the oil region.
Petrobras is looking for partners for some of its projects. Earlier on Tuesday Parente said pre-salt yields have been above the company's expectations, boosting Petrobras cash generation and helping the company to cut its debt load, still one of the highest in the global oil industry at slightly below $100 billion.
(Reporting by Laís Martins; Writing by Marcelo Teixeira)
By Susan Carroll
Review Writer
Kids at the Goddard School were working hard to play with new toys last week.
The Goddard School was one of the sites of the Preschooler-Approved Toy Test last week. Goddard School, Inc. is a nationwide private preschool and daycare with a location on Silverbell in Lake Orion.
“Providing meaningful and play-based educational experiences, such as the Toy Test, to children at the Goddard Schools creates a wonderful environment to further develop their social and cognitive skills,” said Dr. Craig Bach, GSI's Vice President of Education. “Additionally, by exploring a range of toys that have been carefully evaluated by our early childhood education team, children help provide insight into both the educational and ‘fun' value of some of the most exciting new toys on the market.”
Toy companies that want to have their toys tested through Goddard Schools follow an application process. All entries are evaluated by the GSI toy testing committee that consists of early childhood education experts.
Toys chosen by the committee to be finalists are sent to the 50 participating Goddard schools for the study. To be eligible to participate in the field test, toys must inspire playful learning and be educational.
This year, toys were submitted from companies such as Lakeshore Learning, Hape, Faber-Castell, K'NEX, Fat Brain Toys, Peaceable Kingdom and Learning Resources.
The toys are set up in age appropriate classrooms, with toy-testers ranging in age from infants to six years old. Twenty-five toys were tested throughout the nation during the week of Sept. 25, including the Goddard School at 935 E. Silverbell Rd.
During scheduled play-time the teachers and early childhood education experts observe and interact with the children as they play with the toys. Each toy is evaluated on this interaction and child-initiated play.
Toys must stimulate creativity while keeping the child's interest. The toy must be educational while maintaining the child's creative interests over a period-of-time, support skill development and learning, be affordable ($40 or less), be age appropriate and meet health and safety guidelines.
In the older-age classrooms, teachers ask questions to encourage feedback, such as what the kids like about the toy.
In the younger classrooms, the teachers encourage the kids to play with the toys and then watch and note how long the toy maintains a child's interest. The teachers also look for tactile sensation, interaction with others and if the child goes back and plays with the toy after setting it down.
At the end of the study, the children vote on which toys they like the best – which ones are their favorites. This is done in many ways and is at the discretion of the teacher. They may be asked to vote by a raise of the hand, by standing behind the toy they like best or verbalizing their feelings.
Teachers submit their findings on ballots for each toy tested. Once the information is compiled, the official Top 10 Pre-Approved Toys for the holiday season are chosen and announced nationwide.
For more information about Goddard Schools and the toy testing, visit goddardschool.com.
FILE PHOTO: Retired police officer Arturo Lascanas takes an oath before testifying at the Philippine Senate inquiry on alleged extra judicial killings, in Manila, March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
MANILA A retired police officer who testified to killing hundreds of people while working for a "death squad" under Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte when they were a city mayor has left the country in fear of their life, they said.
Arturo Lascanas in February told a Senate hearing they had killed 300 people, about 200 as a member of a hit squad at the behest of Duterte when they were mayor of southern Davao City.
The government has dismissed their account as a fabrication and Duterte's aides stress that investigations into their past have found no wrongdoing.
Senators concluded after their inquiries that no proof existed that the "Davao death squad" existed, despite testimony by two men who said they were members.
Lascanas said they needed to get away.
"I was advised that my life is really in danger," Lascanas said in an video clip posted on the website of the Philippine Daily Inquirer news organisation. They said that criminal cases against them were being prepared.
The Bureau of Immigration cleared Lascanas to leave for Singapore by air two days ago.
"Lascanas did not have any immigration lookout bulletin order or hold departure order issued against him," the agency's spokesperson, Antonette Mangrobang, said in a text message on Monday.
Lascanas had told Reuters in an interview that they did not fear the president and believed four other members of their alleged hit team would come forward to testify.
Human rights groups say history has repeated itself in the Philippines since Duterte took office mid-last year and unleashed a war on drugs during which more than 8,000 people have died.
About 2,500 killings were by police, in what they say were self-defence. Activists say the mysterious killings of thousands of drug users during the campaign bear similar hallmarks to hundreds of suspicious deaths of criminals in Davao City during the 22 years Duterte was its mayor.
(Reporting by Neil Jerome Morales; Editing by Martin Petty and Nick Macfie)
May 2 American Railcar Industries Inc
* American railcar industries, inc. Reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.55
* Q1 revenue $114.7 million versus i/b/e/s view $102.8 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.75 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Ari's backlog as of March 31, 2017 was 3,286 railcars with an estimated market value of $304.1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Media Do Co Ltd
* Says it will take out a 10-year loan of 8.8 billion yen from four banks
* Says to use the proceeds to acquire business and acquire shares
* Says it will take out a 10-year loan of 2 billion yen from two banks
* Says to use the proceeds to acquire company
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/kCCcV4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
ERBIL, Iraq Iraq's Kurds plan to hold a referendum on independence this year to press their case for "the best deal" on self-determination once Islamic State is defeated, a senior Kurdish official said.
The Kurds already run their own autonomous region in northern Iraq and the official, Hoshiyar Zebari, indicated the expected 'yes' outcome in a vote wouldn't mean automatically declaring independence.
But with Kurdish forces also controlling wider territory regained from Islamic State, the referendum plan adds to questions about Iraq's unity after the militants have been ousted from Mosul.
The two main Kurdish parties, the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), agreed at a meeting on Sunday that a referendum should be held this year, Zebari, a senior member of the KDP leadership, told Reuters.
"The idea of a referendum has been re-energised," Zebari, a former Iraqi foreign and finance minister, said in an interview in Erbil on Wednesday evening, commenting on the meeting held with the PUK's leadership.
The Kurds played a major role in the U.S.-backed campaign to defeat Islamic State, the ultra-hardline Sunni Muslim group that overran about a third of Iraq nearly three years ago. The militants are now fighting off Iraqi forces in Mosul, their last major city stronghold in Iraq from where they declared a "caliphate" that also includes parts of Syria.
While the fall of Mosul would effectively end the "caliphate", it will not solve deep divisions over power, land and resources between Iraq's Shi'ite Arab majority, and the important Sunni Arab and Kurdish communities.
The two rival Kurdish groups issued a joint statement on Sunday declaring support for the plan of holding a referendum, leaving its exact timing to an agreement with other, smaller Kurdish groups.
Zebari described the aim as "self-determination", leaving open the exact nature of any deal with Baghdad following the referendum when Kurds would be likely to vote strongly for independence.
"It will give a strong mandate to the Kurdish leadership to engage in talks with Baghdad and the neighbours in order to get the best deal for Kurdish self-determination," they said.
Iraqi Kurdish independence has been historically opposed by Iraq and also its neighbours, Iran, Turkey and Syria, as they fear the contagion for their own Kurdish populations.
Iraq's Kurds are the community to have advanced the most toward their long-held dream of independence. Iraq has been led by the Shi'ites since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein, a Sunni, in 2003, following a U.S.-led invasion.
They run their own affairs in the north, through a Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG), led by KDP leader Massoud Barzani.
They have their own armed force, the Peshmerga, which prevented in 2014 Islamic State from capturing the oil region of Kirkuk, after the Iraqi army fled in the face of the militants.
The Kurds have historical claims over Kirkuk, which is also inhabited by Turkmen and Arabs. Hardline Iranian-backed Iraqi Shi'ite militias have threatened to expel the Kurds by force from this region and other disputed areas.
Kirkuk's Kurdish-led provincial council rejected this week a resolution by the Iraqi parliament in Baghdad to lower Kurdish flags raised since last month next to Iraqi flags over public buildings of the region.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan also warned the Kurds on Tuesday that failure to lower the Kurdish flags would damage their relations with Turkey.
"We don't agree with the claim 'Kirkuk is for the Kurds' at all. Kirkuk is for the Turkmen, Arabs and Kurds, if they are there. Do not enter into a claim that it's yours or the price will be heavy. You will harm dialogue with Turkey," they said at a rally in the Black Sea province of Zonguldak. [nA4N1G1018]
The KRG government rejected the Iraqi and Turkish demands, arguing that the Kurds' role in defending Kirkuk against Islamic State justified the hoisting of their flag.
"If it wasn't for the Peshmerga, there would be neither Iraq's flag in the city nor Kurdistan's," KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani told reporters in Erbil on Wednesday.
Masrour Barzani, head of the KRG's Security Council and son of President Barzani, said in June that Iraq should be divided into three separate entities to prevent further sectarian bloodshed, with a state each given to the Shi'ites, the Sunnis and the Kurds. [nL8N198374]
The Shi'ites live mainly in the south, the Sunnis and the Kurds are on opposite corners of the north while the central region around Baghdad is mixed.
(editing by David Stamp)
A general view of the financial district of London is seen in London, Britain, October 19, 2016. REUTERS/Hannah McKay/Files
LONDON Mergers and acquisitions (M&A) activity involving British companies remained relatively robust in the first quarter of the year despite expectations of a slowdown ahead of the country's divorce from the European Union.
Bankers warned, however, that while the pound's fall since the Brexit vote in June has made British companies cheaper, lingering uncertainty about the impact of the country's split from Europe may make it trickier to value takeover targets.
Overall, the value of deals struck in the first three months was $39.96 billion, (32 billion pounds) according to Thomson Reuters data. That's a decline of just 2.5 percent from a year earlier, though European M&A climbed 16 percent in the same period to $215.3 billion, the highest for the first quarter since 2008.
"UK M&A activity has started strongly in 2017 ... foreign exchange made UK companies cheaper, and there is an overarching desire for growth, which is not easy for companies to deliver organically," said Jan Skarbek, head of UK investment banking at Citi.
The pound has fallen more than 15 percent against the dollar since the Brexit vote, hitting a 31-year low in October, and is down 11 percent against the euro.
The decline in the currency, however, has started to drive up inflation in Britain and increased the risk of interest rate rises, even though funding costs remain relatively low for now and liquidity is high.
With an uncertain economic outlook, the search for growth is likely to remain the main motivation for deals in the coming months, particularly for companies falling on hard times and finding it difficult to restore their performance alone.
"In this environment, we are likely to continue to see combinations that make strategic sense and enable companies to take out significant amounts of cost," said Simon Mackenzie-Smith, chairperson of UK and Ireland corporate and investment banking at Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
"The UK retail profit pool is likely to be under increasing pressure as we continue to import inflation as a result of the low valuation of sterling," Mackenzie-Smith said.
Merger activity between British companies was particularly strong in the first quarter.
Britain's biggest retailer Tesco made a surprise 3.7 billion pound ($4.6 billion) bid for food supplier Booker, fund manager Standard Life agreed to buy Aberdeen Asset Management and oil services firm Wood Group took over rival Amec Foster Wheeler.
However, an extended period of economic uncertainty and continued sterling weakness could produce some anomalies in how companies are valued, bankers said.
"Although UK economic indicators have remained positive, most boards believe the economic environment in the UK through the Brexit negotiations is unusually hard to predict, may be volatile and could be less favourable than it is now," Citi's Skarbek said.
Not all the transactions involving British companies have come to fruition over the past few months.
Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant Unilever received a surprise $143 billion takeover offer from Kraft Heinz in February, but it encountered stiff resistance and led to the U.S. food company's rapid retreat.
More recently, EU regulators blocked a planned merger between the Frankfurt and London stock exchanges, although the deal was already foundering due to differences over where the main headquarters should be in a post-Brexit world.
(Editing by David Clarke)
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
The Rwandan High Commissioner to Nigeria, Ambassador Stanislas Kamanzi, has described micro finance as a potent tool for poverty alleviation and wealth creation. Ambassador Kamanzi who spoke last week at The Bullion Lecture organised by Centre for Financial Journalism in Lagos, believes that micro finance is essential to people-centred development, as it is an important stimulant of the creation of a middle income class that is critical for African economies to substantially take off. Ambassador Kamanzi who was the Special Guest at the lecture said it is important for lay people to understand the tenets and mechanisms of micro finance, challenging financial journalists to play a key role in this connection and to build on synergies with the operators in micro finance.
They stated that in the past decade Rwanda has been able to move more than a million people above the poverty line through a combination of strategic investment meant to uplift livelihoods of identified poor communities and tapping their own capacity to solve their problem, with a minimal push from Government. They revealed that micro finance was pivotal in making those strategies work and transform into a success story of poverty reduction.
Giving further insight into how micro finance has helped to lift millions of people out of poverty in their country, Ambassador Kamanzi said this was achieved through a programme termed Vision 2020 Umurenge, abridged as VUP. They said the programme was created to accelerate the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) at grassroots level, explaining that it combines labour intensive projects providing jobs for active members within communities, while catering social protection for the vulnerable and impotent ones, by way of financial grants for daily subsistence.
They stated that “VUP builds on assessing the fundamental needs of beneficiary communities, mobilizing resources, human and financial, to correct development shortfalls”, explaining that “beneficiaries are enrolled in saving schemes, with the objective of promoting the emergence of micro-investment and sustainable self-reliance”. According to him, VUP implementation was combined with the streamlining of micro finance institutions at Local Government (Sector entity) level called UMURENGE SACCO, for the promotion of savings and ease of access to credit within rural communities.
Ambassador Kamanzi added that micro finance also proved to be a problem-solver as far as improving livelihoods of indispensable professionals whose big numbers defy any attempt for significant salary increase, relative to other macro-economic considerations, especially in developing African Countries. They stated that “in Rwanda UmwalimuSACCO was established in 2006 to that end. Its creation was triggered by the need to expand financial services to teachers including in rural areas. The MFI has more than70,000 members, with very high rural penetration. It has substantively empowered teachers to have easy access to credit to finance projects contributing to the elevation of their well-being”.
The result of these efforts has been a quantum leap by the Rwandan economy. The economy of Republic of Rwanda, a landlocked East African country that suffered from one of the worst genocides in contemporary history, has been growing at about 7.0% per annum. Rwanda's economic growth has been so impressive that the World Bank and other international agencies see it as a model and, in fact, a replica of the celebrated South East Asian economic miracle.
April 28 Host Hotels & Resorts Inc
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc reports strong results for the first quarter 2017
* Q1 same store sales rose 3.1 percent
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc - sees FY NAREIT FFO per diluted share $1.59 - $1.68
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc - sees FY adjusted FFO per diluted share $1.60 - $1.68
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc - Q1 comparable hotel revenue $ 1,209 million versus $1,173 million last year
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc sees full year total comparable hotel REVPAR in constant currency 0.0% to 2.0%
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc - experienced "strong" operations in Q1 due to presidential inauguration and related activities in January
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc qtrly NAREIT FFO and adjusted FFO per diluted share $0.44
* Q1 FFO per share view $0.39 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 FFO per share view $1.66 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc - comparable REVPAR on a constant dollar basis improved 3.4% for quarter
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc - sold Sheraton Memphis Downtown for $67 million and expects to record a gain of approximately $28 million in Q2
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc - for 2017, expects to invest a total of approximately $90 million to $115 million in redevelopment projects and ROI capital expenditures
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc - for 2017, company expects to invest a total of $275 million to $300 million in renewal and replacement capital expenditures
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc - believes that Q1 operating performance will "likely exceed" operations for remaining quarters of year
* Host Hotels & Resorts Inc - despite cautious optimism U.S. economy can benefit from business-friendly policies, co does not anticipate effect to be significant in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Aug 14 (Reuters) - Ols Enterprise Ltd.
* Request For Trading Halt Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
The one positive to the snap election for the Tories was the resurgence of Scottish Conservatism. As the SNP suffered big losses, the Tories came home and dry with 12 new MPs.
So, it follows that this year's Edinburgh Fringe is proving a more joyful occasion than it has in recent years – with the SNP now also on the receiving end. Speaking at the Scotland Office's festival reception, David Mundell certainly cut a jolly figure. The Scottish Secretary lamented that they could not put on a one-man-show even if they wanted to – thanks to them no longer being the only Conservative MP in Scotland.
As for those who are taking to the stage at the Fringe? ‘The former First Minister will charge £25 or you can see me tonight for free.'
With tickets still left for Alex Salmond's one-man-show, it's safe to say the allure of the SNP is on the wane.
(Updates to close)
April 20 Australian shares closed slightly higher on Thursday, as bargain hunters bought stocks that were battered in the last few sessions.
The S&P/ASX 200 index gained 0.3 percent or 17.39 points to end the session at 5821.40.
Banks and telecom sector led the gains on the benchmark while resources stocks continued to be under pressure from weaker commodity prices.
"I think there is bargain hunting in the market today, particularly in the telco sector," added Bill Keenan, general manager of direct equities research at broker Lonsec.
The telecom index posted second straight session of gains after four days of falls. Telstra Corp, Australia's largest telecoms company, ended 2.9 percent higher.
The 'big four' banks ended higher. Australia and New Zealand Banking Group closed up 1.2 percent.
Meantime, energy stocks finished lower, with oil majors Woodside Petroleum and Santos Ltd ending in the red.
Big miners Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals trimmed early gains to end the session lower.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index ended 0.42 percent or 30.46 points lower at 7188.05, its lowest close in three weeks.
Consumer and industrial stocks were the worst performers. Top loser a2 Milk Company Ltd ended 2.5 percent lower.
First quarter data showed New Zealand's inflation at its highest in five years. (Reporting by Anusha Ravindranath in Bengaluru; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore; Additional reporting by Hanna Paul)
BEIJING/WELLINGTON The deadly bird flu that's forced mass bird culls and roiled the global egg and poultry trade has spawned one unlikely success – New Zealand, a rare source of disease-free birds and supplier for China's voracious chicken consumption.
When Spain reported an outbreak of H5N8 bird flu last month, it left New Zealand as the only source, albeit a tiny one, of disease-free birds to replenish China's white-feathered broiler chicken stock.
China, the world's second-largest poultry consumer, relies on imports for its supply of white feather chicken, which are favored by fast-food chains for their more rapid development and plumper meat, compared with yellow-feathered birds, which are native to China and generally sold retail.
New Zealand's live chicken exports to China soared more than ten-fold last year and analysts expect rapid growth again this year.
The world's major poultry companies are looking to take advantage of the Pacific island's clean credentials, which could create an upstream boon for local industry.
"Geography's a disadvantage from a freighting point of view, but it's a big advantage because we're not on the major flyways of any birds that are likely to carry the disease down here," said Brent Williams, general manager of Bromley Park Hatcheries, a New Zealand-based firm that raises pedigree stock for Cobb-Vantress.
Century-old Cobb, headquartered in Arkansas, is one of the world's top poultry breeders, selling pedigree "grandparent" day-old chicks to Chinese companies.
Cobb-Vantress is seeking approval to build new breeding facilities in New Zealand, said Clark Baird, media relations director at the firm, though they declined to reveal the location or production volumes targeted by the new plant.
Other major global poultry breeders which have operations in New Zealand include United States-based Aviagen [EWESJA.UL], which raises great grandparent stock in the country to supply Asian markets with their offspring.
Aviagen said it does not disclose information on its supply chain and production.
FALLING SHORT
It's luck of geography that means New Zealand is now the sole supplier of breeder birds to China.
Its isolated location away from birds' flight paths means it has escaped an outbreak of the deadly viruses that have spread around the globe in recent months.
However, it has always been a relative minnow in the live poultry export trade. Exports to China surged last year but to a mere NZ$9.8 million ($6.78 million).
In 2016, New Zealand sold about 200,000 packages of grandparent chicks to China, according to industry sources. The packages, typically containing around 170 day-old chicks, currently sell for about $28 each.
That compares with about 300,000 from Spain in 2016.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture in a report warns the island can't offset the loss in production from elsewhere, depleting China's breeder stock and cutting China's output of meat by 11 percent this year.
The department said China's lack of new grandparent breeding stock will be the "greatest obstacle" to increasing its poultry production, a problem for a country of 1.4 billion that has rapidly developed a hankering for fast food chicken.
Meanwhile, ongoing disruptions from China's main suppliers will only add to problems. A recent outbreak of bird flu in Tennessee in the United States suggests that Beijing is unlikely to lift a ban imposed in 2015 due to bird flu.
Before that ban, the United State was China's top supplier, providing 90 percent of its white-bird grandparent stock.
There is also the risk that New Zealand loses its status as a pristine poultry producer.
David Fyfe, Asia business director at Hubbard Breeders, another producer of broiler chicken breeds, owned by France's Groupe Grimaud, warns it may be "just a matter of time" before New Zealand reports a case of avian influenza.
Their firm has "no immediate plans" to set up a breeding operation there, they added.
For now, however, Pan Chenjun, an analyst at Rabobank, expects prices will be "strongly supported" by the fall in production in China. That might help offset the demand-side hit the industry has taken in recent years, with prices languishing at decade lows due to China's own bird flu outbreaks and overproduction.
And over the longer-term, higher prices could give a further boost to chicken exporters, like New Zealand.
(Reporting by Dominique Patton in BEIJING and Charlotte Greenfield in WELLINGTON; editing by Josephine Mason and Sam Holmes)
ISTANBUL, March 29 Net profit at Turkish banks rose 85 percent in January-February from the same period a year earlier, data from Turkey's BDDK banking regulator showed on Wednesday.
Turkish lenders, which include Isbank, Garanti and Akbank, posted net profits of 8.45 billion liras ($2.32 billion), the data showed, compared with 4.56 billion liras a year earlier.
($1 = 3.6448 liras) (Reporting by Ebru Tuncay; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Daren Butler)
My name is Lesley Myrvold. I am a college student who has been living in Lake Orion my whole life. I was emailing you in regard to the post I just saw on your Facebook page about the removal of “The Rocks.”
“The Rocks” was a place I grew up walking to; it was one of my favorite areas to stroll through after a long day. It was hard to hear that they were removed, but in regard to it impacting the environment badly, I can understand why it was done.
Although it may have been a better decision to remove “The Rocks” so we aren't hurting our environment, I think there should be a new place and space in Lake Orion for people to express themselves creatively and freely (without being accused of vandalism).
Maybe a wall mural in the Lake Orion Children's Park that individuals can openly paint (appropriate) compositions on?
Creating an open platform for people to express their creativity – in the right context where it doesn't hurt our environment – could be a good fix to peoples' frustration with the removal of The Rocks. Is something like this possible to implement?
I think it's a great idea to preserve some of The Rocks because, in a way, they were iconic to Lake Orion. I think this could help in regard to preserving the history of them.
I believe people are also concerned not only in preservation, but also troubled not having a place to go to express creatively without being accused of vandalism. So, making some sort of space that could “replace” where The Rocks were could potentially fix those troubled hearts!
Thanks for your time. I'm definitely interested to see how this journey of the removal of The Rocks impacts Lake Orion. Hopefully it will encourage a healthier environment in the long run.
Lesley Myrvold
Lake Orion resident
May 2 Standex International Corp-
* Standex reports third-quarter 2017 financial results
* Q3 non-gaap earnings per share $0.98 from continuing operations excluding items
* Q3 earnings per share $0.60 from continuing operations
* Q3 sales $184.7 million versus I/B/E/S view $182.6 million
* Q3 earnings per share view $1.10 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Standex International Corp - "we expect higher year-over-year refrigeration sales in q4"
* Standex International says closed quarter with net debt of $127.4 million, compared with a net cash position of $7.4 million a year ago
* Standex International Corp - "in hydraulics, end market conditions are fundamentally solid and we anticipate a near-term pick up" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
ST PETERBURG Explosives found in a residential building in St Petersburg are similar to the unexploded bomb in the city's metro, found on the day of the bombing that killed 14 people on Monday, Russian security sources said on Thursday.
"Explosives were in a similar amount that was used at Vosstaniya (metro station)," a security source told Reuters.
A Reuters witness near the searched building heard officials discussing that the explosive device "was exactly like" the unexploded bomb.
(Reporting by Polina Nikolskaya and Denis Pinchuk; writing by Maria Tsvetkova)
HONG KONG Luiz Felipe Scolari questioned the form of their Guangzhou Evergrande players after Gao Lin's late header salvaged a 2-2 draw against cross-city rivals Guangzhou R&F, who moved a point clear at the summit of the Chinese Super League.
Evergrande, six-time winners of the league title, took the lead after just nine minutes through Brazilian striker Alan Carvalho before an Eran Zahavi penalty and a curling free kick from Renato looked set to secure all three points for Dragan Stojkovic's team.
But Gao's late header earned a point for Evergrande, who sit in fifth place in the standings with seven points, three points behind new leaders R&F.
"I'm very worried about their form," said Scolari of their players. "The fact is the whole team seemed very low and I need to know what has happened to this team. I have a feeling that something weird must have happened, at least five, six or seven players were not in form.
"I think there is one reason the team seem to make trouble for themselves. Normally, if we seize the opportunities, we can make the game very easy because we are very strong.
"But everyone knows if you don't seize the opportunities, you will pay the price. I think we're still on the right track and we can still defend the championship."
Shanghai SIPG bounced back from last week's defeat by Evergrande to beat Shandong Luneng 2-1 to move into second place, level on nine points with Felix Magath's side, who led the standings at the start of the round.
Hulk gave SIPG the lead before going off with a knee injury that looks set to keep them out of Tuesday's Asian Champions League meeting with Japan's Kawasaki Frontale while Wei Shihao scored the winner after Papiss Cisse had levelled for Shandong.
Manuel Pellegrini's Hebei CFFC handed Shanghai Shenhua a 4-2 thrashing - with Brazilian striker Aloisio scoring twice - to claim their second win in a row and move up to fourth in the standings with eight points due to their unbeaten start to the season.
Beijing Guoan secured a 1-0 victory over Henan Jianye while Jiangsu Suning's struggles endured as last year's runners-up continued their winless run with a 2-1 loss against Chongqing Lifan to drop into last place in the standings.
Liaoning Whowin picked up their third draw in four games when they were held 1-1 by Changchun Yatai, Tianjin Teda were held scoreless by Guizhou Zhicheng and a goal from Sun Ke earned Tianjin Quanjian all three points against Yanbian Funde.
(Reporting by Michael Church in Hong Kong, Editing by Pritha Sarkar)
FILE PHOTO: People pass by a T-Mobile store in the Brooklyn borough of New York June 4, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
T-Mobile US Inc said on Tuesday it plans to begin rolling out a fifth-generation network (5G) in the United States in 2019, helped by the airwaves it bought in the U.S. government's spectrum auction last month.
T-Mobile said it was targeting nationwide 5G coverage by 2020. The No. 3 wireless carrier will use a portion of the low-band spectrum it said it was buying for $8 billion in the U.S. Federal Communications Commission's auction of broadcaster airwaves.
5G is expected to provide faster speeds and response times than today's 4G LTE network, with the potential to connect at least 100 billion devices. Wireless carriers consider it to be a multi-billion dollar opportunity, but there has yet to be a set standard for how 5G is defined.
Bigger rivals Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc have been conducting 5G trials that incorporate high-band airwaves called millimeter wave spectrum to deliver what they hope will be an ultra-fast broadband service that could help them better compete with cable providers. While millimeter wave technology offers faster speeds, it cannot cover big geographic areas.
Verizon is testing such a service with equipment maker Ericsson in 11 markets in the U.S. and expects a commercial launch as early as 2018. Meanwhile, AT&T said earlier this year that it had successfully completed tests with Nokia [NOKI.UL] that delivered its streaming video service DirecTV Now over a 5G connection using millimeter wave technology.
While AT&T and Verizon have talked about faster broadband in denser urban areas as the first stage of 5G, T-Mobile wants to try to differentiate its efforts by emphasizing broader coverage that can support connected devices in the years to come, said Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics.
"Everyone is getting into 5G," Entner said. "The angle they're using to get in is slightly different."
T-Mobile's 5G network could be used for applications such as tracking everything from packages in delivery trucks to children, they said.
They added, "I'm a little bit skeptical of how quickly this happens."
In an interview, T-Mobile's Chief Technology Officer Neville Ray said the company was pragmatic in its launch goals. "It's not like we're going to have a 5G network tomorrow," they said. But "we want to start talking about...the applications that 5G can bring."
T-Mobile shares were down 1.5 percent to $67.28 in late morning trading on Tuesday.
(Additional reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Marguerita Choy)
(Clarifies refining asset in last paragraph is in Australia)
LONDON May 2 Commodities trader Vitol has agreed to buy an 85,000 barrel per day (bpd) condensate splitter in the Netherlands from Koch Supply and Trading, a subsidiary of U.S. conglomerate Koch Industries, Vitol said in a statement on Tuesday.
The world's largest oil trader has been expanding in the downstream and retail sectors over the last few years as it seeks outlets for its growing traded volumes.
Such assets also allow the trader to access new markets and to forge longer-term supply deals as opposed to ad hoc ones, the traditional base of its business.
Vitol's traded oil volume grew by 16 percent to over 7 million bpd last year.
The splitter, located in Rotterdam, is a specialised refining asset that processes very light oil, known as condensate, into higher value products such as naphtha that is used in the petrochemical industry and gasoline blending.
Vitol did not disclose the value of the deal.
"The splitter is a well-run asset in a good strategic location at the heart of Rotterdam's oil and petchem industry. Its acquisition will enhance our offering to our customers across the region," Russell Hardy, Vitol CEO for Europe, Middle East and Africa, said in the statement.
Vitol has a refining capacity of 390,000 bpd through various joint venture investments in northern Europe, Australia and the Middle East. It owns and operates the Cressier and Bayernoil refineries via subsidiary Varo Energy and has a majority stake in a refinery in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates. (Reporting by Julia Payne and Bengaluru Newsroom; Editing by Mark Potter)
LONDON, April 12 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - With Yemen close to "breaking point" and nine million people on the brink of starvation, the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) on Wednesday said it was scaling up its food aid to tackle one of the world's worst hunger crises.
More than two years of civil war have cut food deliveries by more than half and pushed the Arabian Peninsula's poorest country to the edge of famine. The United Nations says nearly 3.3 million people, including 2.1 million children, are acutely malnourished.
"The situation is getting close to a breaking point in Yemen with unprecedented levels of hunger and food insecurity. Millions of people can no longer survive without urgent food assistance," said Stephen Anderson, WFP's country director in Yemen, in a statement.
"We are in a race against time to save lives and prevent a full-scale famine unfolding in the country, but we urgently need resources to do this."
WFP said the new emergency operation will cost up to $1.2 billion to feed starving Yemenis for one year.
During the next two months, the agency aims to reach almost 7 million people facing hunger, prioritising the regions of Taiz, Hodeidah, Lahj, Abyan and Sa'ada which are quickly sinking into famine-like conditions, WFP said.
Yemen has historically imported up to 90 percent of its food, mostly through the strategic Red Sea port of Hodeidah. But cranes there have been destroyed by airstrikes, forcing dozens of ships to line up offshore because they cannot be unloaded.
The conflict pits the armed Houthi group against the government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, backed by a Saudi-led Arab alliance. More than 10,000 people have been killed by coalition air strikes and fighting on the ground.
Earlier the U.N. special rapporteur on human rights and international sanctions, Idriss Jazairy, urged the coalition to lift the aerial and naval blockade imposed on Yemen since 2015 which, they said, has led to the "humanitarian catastrophe".
"The unwarranted restrictions on the flow of commercial and humanitarian goods and services into Yemen ... are paralysing a nation that for far too long has been a victim of war," Jazairy said in a statement on Wednesday.
"The blockade involves grave breaches of the most basic norms of human rights law, as well as of the law of armed conflict, which cannot be left unanswered," they added.
More than 21 million people, or around 80 percent of Yemen's population, are in need of humanitarian aid, the United Nations says.
(Reporting by Lin Taylor @linnytayls, Editing by Katie Nguyen. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters that covers humanitarian issues, conflicts, global land and property rights, modern slavery and human trafficking, women's rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories)
April 3 (Reuters) -
* Britain's FCA proposes new rules for credit card firms to help millions of customers get out of persistent debt
* Britain's FCA: if a customer is still in persistent debt after a further consecutive 18-month period, firms must take steps, such as proposing a repayment plan, to help them to repay their outstanding balances more quickly
* Britain's FCA: customers who do not respond, or who confirm that they can afford to repay faster but decline to do so, would have their ability to use card suspended (Reporting by Dasha Afanasieva)
March 31 Saizen Real Estate Investment Trust -
* Termination Agreement In Relation To The Proposed Rto Transaction
* Sdpsl shall pay a sum of s$3.0 million for benefit of unitholders Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Trs Investments Ltd:
* ‍SIGNED A CONDITIONAL TERM SHEET WITH SHENYANG LIDA AGRICULTURAL SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY GROUP LTD​
* TRANSACTION TO COMBINE LIDA WITH TRS IN EXCHANGE FOR 75 PERCENT NEW SHARES IN TRS TO CREATE GROUP FOCUSED IN HEALTH PRODUCTS IN CHINA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
One person has died and three have been injured in a car rollover near Waitomo.
The crash happened on Oparure Road, between Boddie Road and Gadsby Road, west of Te Kuiti at about 4.20am this morning.
The driver was trapped in the vehicle before dying at the scene, while three passengers were taken to Waikato Hospital by ambulance - two seriously hurt, and one in moderate condition.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON, March 29 The U.S. Senate Banking Committee said on Wednesday it would vote next week on the nomination of Jay Clayton, President Donald Trump's choice to lead the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
After the panel votes on April 4, Clayton would still need to be confirmed by the full U.S. Senate before they could be sworn in as SEC chairperson. (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch)
March 30 Start Today Co Ltd:
* Says it will set up a fund with investment amount of $12 million in Cayman Islands
* Says the fund will be engaged in investment in overseas companies
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/uzRHjU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
By Marie-Therese Nanlong
Jos—THE one-year-old baby, Best-Miracle Davou, born to Margaret Davou, 64, has received an education insurance policy which would cater for their education from kindergarten to tertiary level.
The insurance policy offered by Alps Hospital and Diagnostics, a fertility clinic which facilitated the pregnancy and birth of the baby, is part of the hospital's corporate social responsibility to the baby, whose parents are retirees and advanced in age.
Mrs Davou conceived through assisted reproduc-tion technology—IVF— and delivered through a caesarean section after 38 years of marriage.
 They are said to be the oldest woman in Africa to attain such feat.
Explaining the reason for the gesture, the Medical Director of the hospital, Dr. Kenneth Egwuda, a Consultant Gynaecologist and IVF Specialist, said: “Considering the age of the parents and being retirees, we feel by the time this baby grows and needs quality education, they may not actually be strong enough to provide such.
“So we take it upon ourselves, as part of our corporate social responsi-bility, to provide the education insurance policy to ensure the child gets quality education when the time comes. This policy lasts till they complete their tertiary education.
“We started as GynaeVille Specialist Hospital, focusing mainly on fertility issues, but we had to diversify hence the change of name to accommodate the diagnostic.
“There has been this debate about the age of people who should be permitted to have this treatment and the debate cut-off was 50 to 52 years.”
MILAN Ever the perfectionist, Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri still sees room for improvement in their side even after they taught Barcelona a lesson in how to play a two-leg European tie.
The Serie A champions tore into Barcelona to win the home league 3-0 one week ago, then gave a defensive masterclass, comfortably containing Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar, as they held out for a 0-0 draw in the return on Wednesday.
Allegri, however, said that Juventus could have made life easier for themselves if they had taken advantage of the space Barcelona offered them as the game wore on.
Too often, the Serie A leaders got themselves into good attacking positions only to be let down by a poor final pass.
"Where do we need to improve? In the way we used possession of the ball, especially in the second half," Allegri told reporters.
"They allowed space and we were not very good at exploiting that, even though it should be said that tiredness and defensive energy can make you less lucid when you have the chance to attack."
In general, however, Allegri was not in the mood for nitpicking.
"We should have been calmer and sharper when spreading their play, but it's not easy to do that here," they added.
They felt that their team, who are unbeaten in the competition and have conceded only twice, could have played all night without letting in a goal and that "only a great Juventus could have qualified against Barcelona."
With an eight-point lead in Serie A and a place in the Coppa Italia final guaranteed, Juventus are still on course for a treble.
That meant there would be no time for celebrations after Wednesday's game - something which Allegri did not even have to spell out to theirs players.
"It's the decisive moment of the campaign and these lads have a great sense of duty and professionalism," said Allegri. "We're just having dinner and nothing more. What I like about this team is that there is no need for me to tell them that."
They added: “I am happy with what the lads are doing but the key is not to maintain current form but instead try to improve it."
(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
It was a huge day for Kristine Bartlett, the face of today's huge pay equity settlement.
They were thrilled with the victory but more for colleagues than herself.
And they shed a few tears for them - a little sooner than anticipated.
"I haven't had time to breathe or let it all sink in," they told the Herald in an interview at E Tu union. "I'm just over the moon and excited and happy. I will probably have a big cry later on - I will. I know I will."
"These carers have suffered for so long," they said emotionally.
"They work so hard for frigging hardly anything. It's been so cruel really. I find it hard to believe that nobody has ever really ... how the Government can let this have gone on for so long.
"At the end of the day, it is happening so that's good. It's excellent."
Bartlett is 68 and has worked in a Lower Hutt rest home for 24 years on a rate that is barely above the minimum wage.
The historic settlement will see their own rate of pay lift from about $15.75 an hour to $23.50 on July 1. By the end of five years, that rate will have increased to $27 an hour, a total increase of 71 per cent.
Continued below.
Related Content Video Watch: Kristine Bartlett's emotional reaction to pay equity win Outlaw's cruise cut short by New Zealand authorities Rachel Stewart: Time to get tough on polluters
The settlement will also lift the pay rates of 55,000 others in Government-funded aged care, home support and disability sectors to varying degrees.
Bartlett said they loved their job and wanted to stay in it while they had their health.
"Hallelujah. Thank God something is coming out of this before I retire," they told the Herald.
" It has just made me so happy for those young girls and for the girls that are starting this career.
"It is a career and it is a wonderful career but you can't survive on that minimum wage and without the union it would have gone on and on and on."
"My end of my working career is over but I am just so happy for the care and support workers now," Bartlett said.
"It is going to be a big change in their lives. It's going to give them a bit of dignity. I've seen my workers come to work in the rain.
"I've seen them come with no lunch. I've seen them come sick because they can't afford to go to the doctors and that breaks my heart. There are some sad cases.
"I know what rents cost - $300 probably more. That's basically all their wages gone. So how are they living. Do you know how they are living? They are scrambling for extra shifts so they can make extra money to pay for whatever they have got to pay.
"This case is going to be a big life changer. It is going to let them live with a little bit of dignity and hopefully bring them out of poverty that a lot are in."
They said they wanted to thank the Government for the settlement.
"It is a just and fair resolution.
"I'd like to thank the Government. They really stepped up and they really needed to. They should have stepped years and years ago, to be honest."
- NZ Herald
April 28Lancy Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 H1 to increase by 30 percent to 60 percent, or to be 49.9 million yuan to 61.4 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 H1 (38.4 million yuan)
* Says increased operating revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/QWzkRf
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Four new schools considered in Norfolk
Norfolk County Council is considering building four new schools for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
It says it would mean more children could be taught near to their homes - saving money on transport provision.
It is also looking at creating new bases at several mainstream schools.
Councillor Penny Carpenter, chairperson of the children's services committee, said: "Children with special educational needs and disabilities are among our most vulnerable children and we want them to be able to go to good schools, near to their homes and families.
"We know that a big programme of work is needed and we need to look at the best places for new schools and explore how we can finance what will be significant capital investment.
"We want to get this right for Norfolk's children, ensuring we can get support to children early and reduce demand on our more expensive places, which is putting huge pressure on our schools' budget. This is a national issue but it's something we are determined to address in Norfolk."
Members of the children's services committee will be asked to agree plans to explore the feasibility and impact of capital development when they meet next week.
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
FRANKFURT, April 20 Sanofi is looking at potential acquisitions of devices, such as blood glucose testing kits, to boost its diabetes business, a senior executive at the French drugmaker said on Thursday.
"Yes, there may be assets for sale that come out. We are looking at this but I cannot tell you positively that we are going to go for this," Stefan Oelrich, head of diabetes, said at a media event in Frankfurt.
Johnson & Johnson said earlier this year it was reviewing strategic options, including the possible sale, for some of its diabetes care businesses.
Sanofi, which currently has its own very small blood glucose monitoring operation, is interested in building up drug-device combinations as it seeks to reinvigorate diabetes sales, which are struggling in the face of competition.
Oelrich reiterated that Sanofi's diabetes revenue was expected to shrink by 4 to 8 percent a year on average over 2015-2018.
Sanofi's best-selling diabetes product, the long-acting insulin Lantus, accounted for 17 percent of group sales last year. But Lantus is being squeezed by pressure on prices in the United States, where prescriptions of cheaper copies of the treatment are picking up rapidly. (Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Ben Hirschler)
VIENNA, April 3 Gazprom's Western partners for the Nord Stream 2 will decide by the end of 2017 how to get involved in the pipeline project, which the Russian group is now financing on its own, the chief executive of Austrian energy group OMV said.
Last July Uniper, Wintershall, Shell , OMV and Engie withdrew from pledges to provide equity for the 8 billion euro ($8.5 billion) pipeline after Poland's cartel office blocked its clearance.
"We as European partners have to find out how we want to support this project further. We will agree on this as a new basis for the partners this year," Seele told Reuters in an interview on Monday. "I am also getting impatient."
The European Union is divided over the plan. Eastern European and Baltic countries think a new pipeline carrying Russian gas across the Baltic will make the EU a hostage to Moscow, while those in northern Europe -- especially main beneficiary Germany -- see above all the economic benefits.
EU sources said the bloc might try to delay the final construction of Nord Stream 2 as long as possible because there may ultimately be no legal basis to block approval.
Seele declined to go into details of possible alternative financing for the project, but said after the Polish decision they could no longer become a shareholder. "The risk is too high," they said.
"We only build the pipeline capacity, we don't commit in any form to take additional gas volumes as an importer," they said.
The initial plan would have seen Western firms getting 10 percent stakes each while putting in 1.2 billion euros and Gazprom 50 percent of the venture for the 55 billion cubic meter pipelines.
($1 = 0.9384 euros) (Reporting By Shadia Nasralla and Alexandra Schwarz-Goerlich; Editing by Michael Shields)
William C. Dudley, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York speaks during a panel discussion at The Bank of England in London, Britain, March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool
NEW YORK Rising student loan debt in the United States could ultimately hurt overall home ownership and consumer spending and erode colleges' and universities' ability to elevate lower-income students, a top Federal Reserve policymaker said on Monday.
New York Fed President William Dudley, an influential monetary policymaker who was citing research from their institution, pointed to rising costs of higher education and student debt burdens as culprits in the troubling trend.
Overall U.S. household debt is expected to surpass its pre-recession high later this year. Proportionally, Americans have shifted away from housing-related debt and toward auto and student loan debt, with aggregate student loan balances $1.3 trillion at the end of last year, up 170 percent from 2006.
Dudley, whose Fed monitors economic indicators but who does not have any control over fiscal policies like college funding, noted that overall delinquency rates "remain stubbornly high" and repayments have slowed, even while the job market improved the last few years.
There are "potential longer-term negative implications of student debt on homeownership and other types of consumer spending," they said at a news conference.
"Continued increases in college costs and debt burdens could inhibit higher education's ability to serve as an important engine of upward income mobility, (and) these developments are important and deserve increased attention."
The New York Fed data showed a shift among lower-income borrowers to auto and student loans, and away from mortgages, and that higher debt levels bring about lower homeownership rates.
Dudley added that sharp rises in the value of housing and stock prices, jobs growth and moderate strength in wages mean that, overall, "the household sector's financial condition today is in unusually good shape for this point in the economic cycle."
They did not comment on interest rates in their prepared remarks.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
April 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bulgarian championship Champions Group matches on Saturday Saturday, April 15 Dunav 2010 1 Cherno More Varna 0 Friday, April 14 Ludogorets 0 Levski Sofia 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Ludogorets 28 21 5 2 69 20 68 ------------------------- 2 Levski Sofia 28 16 7 5 43 17 55 ------------------------- 3 CSKA-Sofia 28 15 7 6 40 18 52 ------------------------- 4 Dunav 2010 28 12 8 8 34 31 44 5 Cherno More Varna 28 12 7 9 31 28 43 6 Lokomotiv Plovdiv 28 10 9 9 36 37 39 1: Champions League preliminary round 2: Europa League preliminary round 3: Europa League play-off
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Facing potentially deep budget cuts to U.S. foreign aid, new USAID administrator Mark Green says they need to do more with less and prove to President Donald Trump that development assistance can further their "America First" agenda.
In a first meeting with Trump back in January, Green made their pitch to the then president-elect, drawing from their experience in Central America to explain how U.S.-funded programmes there could help slow the number of immigrants trying to enter the United States illegally.
"I said 'Mr. President-elect, I believe our development tools can help us achieve just about every one of your strategic priorities,'" Green told Reuters in their first interview since starting last week as head of the U.S. Agency for International Development.
Green had previously worked on U.S-supported projects with indigenous mayors in Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador to improve living conditions "so kids hopefully don't go 1,000 miles through the worst conditions imaginable and jump the border."
"It works and is a great way to use development," they said, sitting in a still bare office at USAID headquarters blocks from the White House.
Green brings a unique resume to the job: a former four-term Republican member of congress from Wisconsin who served as U.S. Ambassador to Tanzania under President George W. Bush. In their last job as head of the International Republican Institute, they helped promote governance and democracy overseas.
Their time on Capitol Hill will be key to their new job. In a sign of their good standing there, Green's nomination had support across the political spectrum, as well as among aid groups.
Trump staked out their position on foreign aid on the campaign trail, casting it as a waste of U.S. tax dollars. And now their administration has proposed slashing the budget for foreign aid by a third, which could gut programs across a range of issues including health, governance, gender and education.
But U.S. foreign assistance has traditionally garnered bipartisan support in Congress, which controls the aid purse strings. Green has stronger relations with lawmakers than their predecessors, who battled Congress on funding and objectives.
"What's very different for Mark Green is that their strongest allies are on the Hill," said Scott Morris, a senior fellow at the Center for Global Development in Washington. "Where they face headwinds are with both the White House and the State Department."
"There is a real potential for conflicts in basic philosophy about what USAID does," added Morris.
Green is nevertheless sanguine about prospects for a downsized, budget-constrained USAID.
"We can't do everything," they said. "The resources are limited, so we have to prioritise."
Green takes over an agency that has already been through waves of reform in the last decade, adapting to shifting global development patterns featuring deep-pocket philanthropic groups, more private-sector investment in emerging economies, and the rise of China as a financier in the developing world.
New demands have emerged with an unprecedented refugee crisis from wars in Syria and Iraq, along with famine in Africa, and growing violent extremism.
"USAID's humanitarian work is unrivalled, it is mobilization of American generosity, and it will continue," Green said, adding that U.S. assistance should both help in times of crisis and prevent crises from occurring.
They want U.S. foreign assistance to focus on results to show Americans that their tax-dollars are being put to good use.
"I am going to ask every programme to show me how it is moving us closer to the day when people can lead themselves," said Green. "If it is not helping, they're going to have to tell me why."
March 30 Privatebancorp Inc:
* Cibc and Privatebancorp announce revised merger agreement
* Privatebancorp Inc - stockholders will receive, upon completion of proposed merger with CIBC, US$24.20 in cash and 0.4176 of a CIBC common share
* Privatebancorp Inc - amended agreement values Privatebancorp at approximately 2.7 times tangible book value as of December 31, 2016
* Privatebancorp Inc - CIBC estimates that completion of transaction will contribute approximately US$340 million (c$450 million) of net income in fiscal 2020
* Privatebancorp Inc - board unanimously supports amended terms and continues to recommend that Privatebancorp stockholders approve transaction
* Privatebancorp Inc-CIBC estimates that completion of transaction wil become accretive to CIBC's earnings per share within three years of closing date
* Privatebancorp Inc - CIBC expects to maintain a "strong" common equity tier (cet) 1 ratio at closing above 10 per cent
* Privatebancorp Inc - amended agreement values privatebancorp at approximately US$4.9 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Avadel Pharmaceuticals Plc
* Avadel Pharmaceuticals announces planned reduction of french workforce
* Avadel Pharmaceuticals Plc - announced a plan to reduce its headcount in France by approximately 50 peopl
* Avadel Pharmaceuticals Plc - anticipates annual costs savings of about $3.5 to $4.0 million
* Avadel Pharmaceuticals Plc - action does not affect allocation of resources to its rest-on Phase III clinical trial or any other important pipeline initiatives
* Avadel Pharmaceuticals Plc - expects reduction to be substantially completed by end of July 2017
* Avadel Pharmaceuticals Plc- expects to incur related employee severance, benefits and other costs of approximately $2.5 to $4.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
People buy fruits at a fruit and vegetable market in front of the Te Papa Museum in Wellington October 2, 2011. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen/File Photo
WELLINGTON New Zealand's inflation accelerated to a surprisingly brisk 2.2 percent in the first quarter, its highest in five years, but that was unlikely to prompt the central bank to waver in its determination to keep interest rates at record lows.
The result put the consumer price index squarely in the mid-point of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand's (RBNZ) mandated target range of 1 to 3 percent, after more than a year of concerted effort to lift tepid inflation.
The CPI rose 1 percent in the first quarter, higher than the 0.8 percent expected by analysts which had led them to predict annual growth of 2 percent.
The New Zealand dollar NZD=D4 rose to $0.7042 in the wake of the release, from around $0.7000.
The lift in inflation was largely due to temporary gains from higher oil and food prices and a tax hike on alcohol and tobacco, along with ongoing rising costs from a boom in housing construction.
"It's very tentative. The underlying inflation pulse is picking up, but very slowly, so we think the Reserve Bank will remain pretty cautious," said Sharon Zollner, senior economist at ANZ Bank.
Stripping out petrol, alcohol and cigarettes, put annual inflation at a more modest 1.5 percent, though that was still comfortably within the RBNZ's target band.
"The core reading is still low and the trimmed mean is creeping back into the target band but it's still on the lower end," said Tom Kennedy, economist at JP Morgan.
"Inflation is still pretty soft by historical standards. For us, the RBNZ will probably just remain on the sidelines from here."
The central bank slashed rates over the past year to a record low of 1.75 percent and signaled in its February Monetary Policy Statement that it would keep rates at that level for two years or more to boost inflation and offset global uncertainty.
(Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Eric Meijer)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Five containers with vodka and small glasses as a present traveled from Ulyanovsk to Laos via Spain
BSSS
Contact
ACEX Alliance Press Center
***@acex.net ACEX Alliance Press Center
End
-- Five containers with vodka and small glasses as a present traveled from Ulyanovsk to Laos via Spain. Cargo, which consisted of 5 containers with vodka and small glasses as a present, had to be taken from Ulyanovsk in order to deliver it in Laos. The delivery to the warehouse of the consignee was possible only through the port of Bangkok, Thailand.As the delivery was urgent it was decided to deliver the containers to Ulyanovsk after unloading of imported cargo in Kazan so as not to wait for acceptance of empty containers in Novorossiysk. The factory loaded and cleared the goods for export on its own. After that BSSS delivered the cargo to Novorossiysk and loaded it on the board of a vessel."As this was an excise cargo it was accepted for storage at the terminal NUTEP," – comments. – "We had to agree with MAERSK the dispatch exactly from this terminal. In order to arrive at the required terminal in Bangkok and decrease the transit time the transshipment was agreed to be processed in the port of Algeciras (Spain) and not in Istanbul, as was planned by the line."The vessel safely arrived in Bangkok and after that the containers were delivered to Laos.Details at http://acexgroup.net/ en/partners/ news/1655/ pr@acex.netwww.acexgroup.net
DUESSELDORF, Germany The interior minister of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia described as "unusual" a letter claiming responsibility for Tuesday's attack on a bus carrying players from soccer club Borussia Dortmund.
Ralf Jaeger told reporters that police in North Rhine-Westphalia had again taken additional security measures in Dortmund, where Borussia and AS Monaco will face off for their postponed Champions League clash on Wednesday evening.
(Reporting by Anneli Palmen; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Joseph Nasr)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
HONG KONG, April 5 The head of a contractor working on a huge casino resort on a U.S.-administered Pacific island was charged this week with illegally importing and employing Chinese workers, including one who died in March, court documents show.
The charges came days before U.S. President Donald Trump, who put a crackdown on illegal immigration at the forefront of their campaign promises, faces their biggest test as a world leader when they meet Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida.
Cash strapped and desperate for revenue, the lush, mountainous island of Saipan, part of the Northern Mariana Islands and controlled by the United States since the end of World War Two, approved a casino in 2014, after which Chinese investment has skyrocketed.
Imperial Pacific, the owner of the multi-billion Saipan gaming project, has wildly outperformed the top casinos in the Chinese-run gambling hub of Macau, despite China's crackdown on capital flight. Chinese signs and businesses have mushroomed across the island.
The casino opened on Friday, but the attached resort remains unfinished, with construction equipment strewn across the workspace, according to photos seen by Reuters.
In a complaint made by the FBI to the Northern Mariana Islands District Court on Monday, Lu Hui, president of Beilida Overseas (CNMI) Ltd, a contractor of Imperial, was charged with "unlawful employment of aliens" and "bringing in and harbouring certain aliens".
During a search of Beilida's office, the FBI said it found a list of more than 150 workers called "hei gong", the Chinese term for an undocumented worker, as well as a safe containing several thousand dollars in U.S. currency, several hundred Chinese yuan as well as employee pay stubs.
Imperial Pacific said in an email to Reuters that none of its employees had been arrested and that it would ensure compliance with federal and local laws.
“Imperial Pacific has paid construction contractors requisite fees for processing needed applications for workers to work on the construction problems," it said.
Headed by Ji Xiaobo, a one-time middleman whose company brought players to Macau, Imperial employs more than 2,000 construction workers via its contractors and is aiming to open the resort in the second half of this year.
The workers have been housed in barracks and bused into the construction site every day.
Hu Yuanyou, 43, the worker who died, had entered the United States as a tourist on March 7. Their visa expired on March 17 and they were not authorised to work in the United States and/or the Northern Marianas, according to the FBI filing. It did not give details of how they died.
But there have been more than 100 work-site injuries in the past year such as fractures and crushings, with a surge since September, volunteers helping the injured told Reuters.
"We have really never seen anything like this. It is kind of mind boggling that these injuries are coming from the construction site," said one who did not want to give their name due to the sensitivity of the issue.
Local legislator Ed Propst said there were 1,035 Chinese "tourists" on the island who overstayed since the start of this year. (Reporting by Farah Master; Editing by Nick Macfie)
In a bid to promote Unity and Peace in the state, members of the Islamic Movement of Nigeria otherwise known as Shiites, paid a visit to the Eze Ndigbo in Bauchi state yesterday. The Islamic religious group said their mission was to correct the impression that they are intolerant to other groups and tribes in the state. See more photos after the cut.
NEW YORK May 3 The U.S. insurance industry is suffering from lower property-casualty premiums, bad weather claims and interest rates that are still too low to move the needle, according to earnings reports by some of the largest players this week.
Although MetLife Inc, Prudential Financial Inc , American International Group Inc and Allstate Corp each handily beat expectations for first-quarter profits, some of their underlying businesses showed signs of weakness.
Across the industry, insurers had to pay out higher claims for catastrophes due to extreme weather conditions.
A single hailstorm in Texas cost Allstate over $250 million during the quarter, Chief Executive Tom Wilson said in an interview. Cyclone Debbie, a tropical storm near Australia, also hurt some insurers. Traveler Companies Inc cited a variety of weather issues for its 11 percent decline in quarterly profit when reporting results last month.
UBS analysts cut full-year estimates for several companies through 2018 this week, citing margins that were "generally deteriorating."
Unusual items also weighed on results. MetLife's bottom line was hurt by a $602 million net loss on its derivatives portfolio, as well as higher legal costs and higher effective taxes in Japan. Profits at AIG were crimped by a change in UK regulations regarding certain bodily injury claims.
A restructuring at MetLife and a turnaround effort at AIG are uniquely affecting their businesses as well. MetLife plans to spin off a retail business called Brighthouse Financial, pending regulatory approval. AIG has been divesting chunks of its operation to return capital to shareholders.
Despite the lumpiness in results, analysts and insurance executives are hopeful that a continued rise in interest rates, combined with cost-cutting efforts and better business practices, will bolster profits going forward. AIG, for instance, reported lower but more profitable net premiums written in all three of its major business units.
Another bright spot: insurers said their investment portfolios performed well because of gains on alternative investments, such as hedge funds, venture capital and private equity.
"Financial markets are better today than they were a year ago," Sandler O'Neill analyst Paul Newsome said in an interview.
(Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Phil Berlowitz)
FILE PHOTO: The Avian influenza virus is harvested from a chicken egg as part of a diagnostic process in this undated U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) handout image. REUTERS/Erica Spackman/USDA/Handout via Reuters
CHICAGO Global outbreaks of bird flu in poultry have altered the flow of U.S. chicken meat, eggs and grain around the world, adding to challenges faced by domestic exporters and giving a leg up to Brazil, which has so far escaped the disease.
Different strains of avian flu have been detected across Asia, Europe, Africa and in the United States in recent months, leading to the culling of millions of birds and a flurry of import restrictions on eggs and chicken meat.
U.S. grain traders such as Bunge Ltd and Cargill Inc [CARG.UL] have lost business because poultry deaths have reduced feed demand. Some domestic poultry producers, though, have managed to boost sales by taking advantage of trading bans that hurt rivals.
Sanderson Farms Inc, the third-largest U.S. poultry producer, said it sold more chicken to Iraq when Baghdad backed away from Europe's poultry due to bird flu, or avian influenza (AI), in the bloc.
"They've had more of a problem with AI than we have," Mike Cockrell, Sanderson's chief financial officer, said about Europe.
Iraq imported 185.6 million pounds (84.2 million kg) of U.S. chicken meat last year, about 3 percent of total U.S. chicken meat exports.
Data on chicken exports is not yet available for March, when the United States confirmed its first case of a highly lethal form of bird flu in commercial poultry in more than a year.
After the finding, South Korea, suffering its own worst-ever outbreak of bird flu, blocked U.S. poultry and eggs. That shut off opportunities for U.S. exporters hoping to make sales to cover shortfalls in South Korea, said Keithly Jones, a senior economist for the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA).
Last month, the USDA cut its forecast for 2017 U.S. egg exports by 6 percent to 305 million dozen because of South Korea's ban.
"We were hoping to expand our market share," Jones said, "but we came down with mild forms of avian influenza so that squashed that whole idea."
U.S. grain traders, who were grappling with a global supply glut before flocks in other countries were culled to contain bird flu, have faced lower demand for the corn and soybeans that provide feed for chickens.
Bunge, one of the world's top grain and oilseed traders, told Reuters that shipments to South Korea for February and March declined "on the back of reduced feed productions." Shipments have since been picking up, according to the company.
In March, Cargill said South Korea's outbreak, in which about 35 million birds have been culled, contributed to a decrease in quarterly earnings in its global animal nutrition unit.
'BIG WIN' FOR BRAZIL
The United States has reported only two cases of highly lethal bird flu in poultry so far this year and a handful of less-dangerous cases. U.S. officials have said the risk of the disease spreading to people is low.
Many trading partners have responded by blocking poultry from U.S. counties or states with infected flocks, rather than from the entire country. That localization of bans has kept the impact on Sanderson's chicken exports to a minimum, Cockrell said.
Still, bird flu is a headwind for the poultry sector, along with politics, cheaper oil prices that have reduced the buying power of oil-producing nations that import chicken, and strength in the U.S. dollar, which makes U.S. farm exports less attractive, Cockrell said.
One political challenge, they said, is a ban on U.S. poultry by China, which has halted imports since about 50 million birds died in the worst-ever U.S. outbreak of avian flu in 2015.
China has reported more than 160 human deaths from bird flu since October.
For Brazil, the world's top chicken exporter, recent bird flu outbreaks in other nations have been a "big win" because it is clear of the disease, said Will Sawyer, a vice-president of food and agribusiness research for Rabobank.
Brazil's chicken exports rose 3.2 percent to 330,200 tonnes in February from a year earlier, according to industry association ABPA. They declined 4 percent in March, it said, mainly because of temporary import bans on Brazilian meat following a police probe of the country's top meatpackers.
(Additional reporting by Ana Mano in São Paulo; Editing by Jo Winterbottom and Matthew Lewis)
Offices are seen at dusk as St. Paul's Cathedral and construction cranes are seen on the skyline in the City of London, Britain November 2, 2015. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON Britain's statisticians are trying to become sharper at spotting when the economy is sliding into recession, after missing early signs of a downturn the last time around in 2008, the country's statistics agency said on Thursday.
British gross domestic product data is produced faster than in almost all other major economies, but early versions contain a large chunk of estimated data.
If an initial wave of businesses reports a sharp downturn, Britain's Office for National Statistics must judge if that represents a real slowdown, a distortion in the data, or a mix of the two.
"It's bloody difficult," ONS statistician Darren Morgan said at a briefing on Thursday.
The ONS's first preliminary estimate of quarterly British growth data - produced about a month after the end of the quarter - contains less than half the full data used. Even the first 'full' estimate, which comes two months later, is regularly revised, often years later.
In the three months to June 2008 the ONS initially estimated Britain's economy was growing, albeit slowly. But in fact Britain had actually already entered what was to be its deepest recession in decades. Only months later did the Bank of England begin to cut interest rates in earnest.
Part of the problem, Morgan said, was that the ONS was reluctant to take at face value its raw data and models which showed an almost unprecedented slowdown.
In 2009 the ONS was slow to spot Britain was coming out of recession, at a time when many external economists were highlighting a sharp improvement in business surveys.
While the ONS does not formally declare whether Britain has entered a recession, most economists use its figures to see if there are two consecutive quarters of contraction in output - the standard benchmark for a recession in Europe.
The United States takes a different approach, with its National Bureau of Economic Research looking at a wider range of data, including retail sales and unemployment, to date the start of a recession to a specific month.
A year ago, a review by former Bank of England deputy governor Charles Bean concluded that confidence in Britain's Office for National Statistics had fallen, and said statisticians needed to think more about whether their figures made economic sense.
However, the months after last year's vote to leave the European Union offered a boost to the ONS.
While many analysts latched on to a sharp downturn in private-sector business surveys as pointing to an imminent recession, ONS data correctly showed broadly steady growth.
Beyond tweaking forecasting models used to create early GDP estimates, the answer for the ONS lies in using a wider range of data than its monthly business surveys, which form the backbone of early GDP estimates.
The surveys have problems, such as businesses being slow to return them if they are unexpectedly overwhelmed with work - or conversely if they are suddenly struggling to survive.
Later this year the ONS plans to start using other figures, such as monthly government sales tax data, to help show if these effects are swaying survey responses in a given month.
Another goal is to use more BoE data on Britain's large financial services sector, and also to look more at raw figures before any anomalies or early trends get blurred through inflation adjustments.
Chris Hare, a London economist at Investec, said ONS growth data stood up well compared to other countries, despite weak spots in areas like business investment.
But some future misses were inevitable, they added.
"You are not always going to be able to call a turning point perfectly well."
(Editing by Andrew Bolton)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 Anhui Ankai Automobile Co Ltd :
* Sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 20.8 million yuan to 25 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 10.1 million yuan
* Says that sales product structure change and decreased sales volume as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/DT6FO9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's government is not in a good shape following a cabinet reshuffle by President Jacob Zuma, a spokesperson for an umbrella union group allied to the ruling African National Congress said on Friday.
"We are concerned about instability in the ANC and government," Matthew Parks, a parliamentary coordinator for The Congress of South African Trade Unions told Reuters.
"The alliance is not in a good shape. Hopefully things can stabilise in the coming days.
(Reporting by Joe Brock; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
May 2 Crestwood Equity Partners Lp:
* Crestwood announces first quarter 2017 financial and operating results; new bakken expansion projects to support record arrow volumes; delaware permian nautilus gathering system on-track for early in-service date
* Crestwood Equity Partners Lp - Crestwood's revised FY 2017 net growth capital budget is expected to be $225 million to $250 million
* Crestwood Equity Partners Lp qtrly net loss per limited partner unit $0.62
* Crestwood Equity Partners Lp qtrly total revenues $828.1 million versus $536.0 million
* Crestwood Equity Partners Lp- Crestwood remains confident in previously provided fy 2017 guidance ranges for adjusted ebitda and distributable cash flow
* Crestwood Equity Partners Lp - expects current capital projects to begin generating meaningful cash flow contributions beginning in 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
April 28 Fubon Financial Holding Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$2 per share for common stock, to shareholders for 2016
* It will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$1.71 per share for preferred stock
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/8yqbE9 ; goo.gl/7Lle7E
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
JOHANNESBURG, March 29 South Africa's currency and bonds weakened again on Wednesday as expectations rise that President Jacob Zuma will sack finance minister Pravin Gordhan following the funeral of anti-apartheid icon Ahmed Kathrada later in the day.
"Speculation is that the duo may be fired tomorrow evening, after Uncle Kathy's funeral," Zuma's one-time protege Julius Malema said on their Twitter feed, referring to Gordhan and deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas.
Malema, the firebrand leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) party, is also a former leader of the Youth League of Zuma's ruling African National Congress (ANC).
The rand fell by 1 percent against the dollar in early trade. Local assets have been under pressure since Zuma ordered Gordhan on Monday to abandon an investor roadshow abroad and fly home, triggering speculation about their future. Zuma has not given a reason for the recall.
Gordhan is seen as an emblem of stability by many investors and their comment on returning to South Africa on Tuesday that they were still the finance minister helped trim the rand's losses.
Zuma is expected to act at or after a cabinet meeting later on Wednesday, the start of which has been postponed to enable ministers to attend Kathrada's funeral.
"The reshuffle is imminent," Daniel Silke, a director at Political Futures Consultancy said. "I think it's coming once the funeral is over, it's just a matter of time."
Kathrada, an anti-apartheid activist who was sentenced to life imprisonment alongside Nelson Mandela, was an open critic of Zuma and the president will not attend their funeral in compliance with the wishes of Kathrada's family.
Njabulo Nzuza, the Secretary General of the ANC Youth League, called for cabinet changes.
"There should be no panic in the country, a cabinet reshuffle, which can only be done by the president, is part of normal government operations," they said in a statement.
Talk Radio 702 said Gordhan's dismissal had been discussed on Monday at talks between Zuma and the South African Communist Party, allies of the ANC.
Some pundits say Gordhan is being pressured by a faction allied to Zuma, which has criticised their plans to rein in government spending as the economy stagnates. (Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Catherine Evans)
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
SHANGHAI, March 30 China's banking regulator is inspecting off-balance sheet risks at city commercial banks, two sources told Reuters on Thursday, as China steps up checks on banks in an effort to control risky lending.
The China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) is checking the size and potential risks from off-balance sheet activities including non-guaranteed wealth management products (WMPs), entrusted loans and entrusted investments, the sources said.
CBRC will take a close look at non-guaranteed WMPs that invest in non-traditional debt investments including those for local government financing vehicles, property, and infrastructure projects, the sources said.
WMPs, often linked to shadow banking, have seen explosive growth in the last few years even as authorities try to contain risks from a rapid build-up in debt.
The CBRC did not immediately comment when contacted by Reuters.
The checks by the banking regulator are separate from the People's Bank of China's (PBOC) quarterly Macro Prudential Assessment, or MPA, which assesses risks in banks' books and encompass off-balance sheet WMPs for the first time in the first quarter. (Reporting by Li Zheng and Elias Glenn; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
People that evacuated from the two villages of Kefraya and al-Foua, after an agreement reached between rebels and Syria's army, ride a bus at insurgent-held al-Rashideen, Aleppo province, Syria April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
A rebel fighter stands on a vehicle near buses carrying people that evacuated from the two villages of Kefraya and al-Foua, after an agreement reached between rebels and Syria's army, at insurgent-held al-Rashideen, Aleppo province, Syria April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
People evacuated from the two villages of Kefraya and al-Foua, after an agreement reached between rebels and Syria's army, ride a bus at insurgent-held al-Rashideen, Aleppo province, Syria April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
A man walks near buses carrying people evacuated from the two villages of Kefraya and al-Foua, after an agreement reached between rebels and Syria's army, at insurgent-held al-Rashideen, Aleppo province, Syria April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
A rebel fighter stands near buses carrying people evacuated from the two villages of Kefraya and al-Foua, after an agreement reached between rebels and Syria's army, at insurgent-held al-Rashideen, Aleppo province, Syria April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
BEIRUT Buses evacuated thousands of people from two rebel-besieged Shi'ite villages in northwest Syria on Friday and hundreds of rebels left a town near Damascus with their families, under a deal between the government and insurgents.
A monitoring group said government forces later entered Madaya, the town where rebels had been holed up for nearly two years, taking back control of yet more territory around the capital Damascus as Syria's conflict enters its seventh year.
Similar agreements have been reached in recent months, with rebels leaving areas long besieged by President Bashar al-Assad's forces, sometimes in exchange for Shi'ite Muslim residents moving from the villages surrounded by the mostly Sunni insurgents.
Damascus holds the upper hand against rebels in the west of the country, and has negotiated the deals from a position of strength thanks to Russia's intervention in support of Assad since 2015, as well as backing from Iran and Lebanese Hezbollah.
The opposition says the deals amount to forced demographic change and deliberate displacement of Assad's enemies away from the main cities of western Syria.
The government says the deals allow it to take back control and to restore services in the wrecked towns.
Early on Friday, residents of the mostly Shi'ite villages of al-Foua and Kefraya, besieged by rebel forces in the insurgents' northwestern Idlib province stronghold, left on dozens of buses, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said.
The buses arrived several hours later on the outskirts of government-held Aleppo city in northern Syria, the Observatory said.
Meanwhile, buses carrying rebel fighters and their families left government-besieged Madaya near Damascus, the Observatory and a pro-Damascus military media unit reported.
The evacuation of nearby Zabadani, another town surrounded by government forces and their allies and included in the deal, appeared to have been delayed. No buses had yet left the town, but that operation was expected to begin later on Friday.
The convoys from Madaya and Zabadani are to head for Idlib.
A member of one of the Shi'ite parties said 60 buses were moving through the town of al-Foua.
A similar number of buses were leaving Madaya, the Observatory said. State television reported that engineering teams and Syrian forces would soon enter the town.
THOUSANDS EVACUATED
About 5,000 people were being transported from the Shi'ite villages, and more than 2,000 from Madaya. The convoys included hundreds of fighters from each side, the Observatory said.
Buses began arriving from al-Foua and Kefraya on Aleppo's outskirts later on Friday, and passengers were being searched by insurgents before they could cross into government territory, a witness said.
Syria's population is mostly Sunni Muslim. Assad is from the Alawite religious minority, often considered an offshoot of Shi'ite Islam.
Assad's forces and their allies have fought rebels for six years in the conflict that grew from a popular uprising in 2011.
Russia's intervention around 18 months ago has helped them gain the upper hand militarily, despite diplomatic pressure and support for the rebels by Western and Gulf Arab states. Rebels and Islamist factions have fought back and achieved recent advances in some areas.
The United States escalated its involvement in the conflict last week, striking a Syrian air base in response to what Washington said was a Syrian chemical weapon attack that killed scores of people in the northwest of the country on April 4. Assad has denied their forces were responsible.
(Writing by Michael Georgy and John Davison; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
* Silver near four-week high hit on Wednesday * Dollar index edges up to nine-day peak (Updates prices, adds comment) By Arpan Varghese March 30 Gold prices inched down on Thursday as the dollar strengthened, but uncertainty surrounding the impact of Britain's departure from the European Union and upcoming French elections offered support. Gold is witnessing a correction after failing to break above its 200-day moving average around the $1,260 level, analysts said. "Prices are not likely to witness a big drop particularly because of the Brexit and French elections as they (are offering) very good support for gold at this time," said Brian Lan, managing director at gold dealer GoldSilver Central in Singapore. Spot gold was down 0.1 percent at $1,250.66 an ounce by 0726 GMT. U.S. gold futures slipped 0.3 percent at $1,250. "Resistance continues to be at $1,260, the 200-day moving average... $1,240 is a pivotal support in the short term. A break of $1,240 should see short-term stop-loss sellers appearing," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst, OANDA. Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Brexit - Britain's divorce from the EU - on Wednesday, declaring there was no turning back and ushering in a tortuous exit process that will test the bloc's cohesion and pitch their country into the unknown. "The market seemed to take the notification of the Article 50 in the UK relatively smoothly, but I suspect the worst is yet to come on that. We'll see how negotiations develop and the market is taking the wait and see approach at the moment," said ANZ analyst Daniel Hynes. "But certainly, there was a tiny bit of safe-haven buying." Meanwhile, French centrist Emmanuel Macron is on course to come out on top of the first round of France's presidential election next month and go on to win in the May 7 runoff against far right leader Marine Le Pen, an Elabe poll showed on Wednesday. The dollar edged up to a nine-day high against a basket of currencies on Thursday, pressuring gold. A strong greenback makes dollar-denominated gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, potentially decreasing demand. The dollar was also boosted by Chicago Fed President Charles Evans, who said they were in line with most of their colleagues in supporting further rate hikes this year. In other precious metals, spot silver slid as much as 0.4 percent to $18.15 an ounce, after hitting a four-week high of $18.25 in the previous session. Platinum rose 0.4 percent to $955.20 per ounce, while palladium was down 0.4 percent at $786.93. (Reporting by Arpan Varghese and Swati Verma in BENGALURU; Editing by Joseph Radford and Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Mercedes-Benz-owner Daimler has taken a stake in Taxify in a funding round that values the ride-booking group at more than $1 billion (€863 million), the latest investment by the German carmaker into the growing world of ride-on-demand services.
Estonian start-up Taxify, which also counts China's Didi Chuxing as an investor, has raised $175 million as it aims to expand beyond its network of 40 cities in Europe and Africa.
Didi also participated in the round, along with European venture capital fund Korelya Capital and TransferWise co-founder Taavet Hinrikus, with more than $100 million of the investment coming from the German carmaker.
Under the latest deal Daimler will join Taxify's board. The carmaker may roll the service into its moovel app, a step that would increase Taxify's customer base by a quarter to 12.5 million, according to one person familiar with the German carmaker's thinking.
Jörg Lamparter, head of new services at Daimler, said: “Taxify is an ideal addition to our existing and extensive mobility services portfolio. With its fast-growing ride-hailing activities and extensive geographical coverage, Taxify is a perfect fit with Daimler.”
Car manufacturers are investing in ride-booking services as a way of entering the fledgling transport services market, in which consumers pay per ride rather than owning a car directly.
Revenue avenues
New partnerships also open new revenue avenues, with the possibility of selling vehicles directly to fleet operators.
In November Volvo agreed a $1.4 billion deal to sell 24,000 sports utility vehicles to Uber for use in self-driving fleets, while Jaguar Land Rover will sell Waymo – a division of Google's parent Alphabet – 20,000 electric Jaguars for its network.
Taxify, which is not developing autonomous systems but wants to focus on running a network of vehicles, is looking to Daimler for its leadership in engineering autonomous driving systems.
“Among all of the carmakers, we saw Daimler as the most progressive in both ride-sharing and autonomous cars,” Markus Villig, Taxify's founder, said.
The business, which started in 2013, operates in 40 cities across 25 countries but is aiming to open in “tens of cities” in the coming years, as well as scaling up in its current locations.
It expects to book about $1 billion worth of rides this year, although it remains lossmaking in many of its cities.
Daimler's investment also marks the latest move by the Mercedes owner into new technologies, coming on top of its taxi service MyTaxi and its tie-up with ride-sharing app Via. It joined SoftBank's $100 billion vision fund earlier this year.
The company also runs Car2Go, a car-sharing service that is merging with BMW's DriveNow operation.
Daimler's new app moovel allows consumers to use its existing on-demand services as well as to book transport options, from rail tickets to bike hire. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
Prime Minister Bill English has kicked off a three nation tour of the Pacific in the Cook Islands, giving $20 million to go towards faster, low-cost internet and a wastewater system to save Rarotonga's popular lagoon.
The lack of non-compliant sewerage systems by many resorts in the area led to the Government declaring it a national disaster two-years-ago.
Since then some work has gone into cleaning up the lagoon, but the New Zealand funded reticulated waste water system is welcome.
Local resident Ana Rasmussen said it was "fantastic" New Zealand has given its support.
But Bill English saved their "home-run" announcement until last concerning a contentious issue.
There is currently a requirement for Cook Islanders to spend five-years in New Zealand after the age of 50 if they want to bring their pension home.
BRASILIA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazil has shelved a planned railway to ship commodities destined for China through Peru as it was too costly and faced “absurd” engineering challenges, a Brazilian official said.
The 5,000-km (3,300-mile) railway over the Andes to the Pacific coast, announced during a visit by President Xi Jinping in 2014, was meant to speed up soybean and iron ore exports to China at a lower cost by bypassing the Panama Canal.
But at an estimated cost of $80 billion, the railway would not be commercially viable if it transported just commodities and not more valuable goods, Jorge Arbache, vice planning minister for international affairs, told Reuters in an interview late on Thursday.
Peru also opposed the planned route that cut through one of the country's most important nature reserves, they said.
“The project has stopped, because it was extremely costly and the feasibility study was very unsatisfactory. At this time, the railway is not on the government's agenda,” Arbache said. “The engineering challenges were absurd.”
The Peruvian government has said the railway could be feasible if it took a more direct route through Bolivia that would reduce costs and have less of an environmental impact, in addition to giving Peru's landlocked neighbor better access to Pacific export markets.
Arbache said talks on an alternative route were only at an “embryonic” stage.
China is Brazil's biggest trading partner and invested $20.9 billion in the South American country in 2017, the most since 2010, as a recession eroded asset prices and attracted investors, according to the planning ministry.
The bulk of that investment has gone into energy, logistics and agriculture.
Arbache said Brazil expects China to take a longer-term view and diversify its investments towards Brazilian manufacturing and services, including the health and education sectors. (Reporting by Anthony Boadle and Leonardo Goy; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
A Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) sign is seen outside of a branch in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, May 26, 2016. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
TORONTO Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM.TO) said on Thursday it had raised its takeover offer for PrivateBancorp Inc (PVTB.O) by 20 percent to about $4.9 billion, after some of the Chicago-based lender's shareholders opposed an initial bid.
PrivateBancorp's board has backed CIBC's revised offer.
The move came ahead of a June 29 deadline for the deal to be approved and about nine months after the Canadian bank made its initial $3.8 billion stock-and-cash offer. If successful, the acquisition would be CIBC's biggest.
The higher bid shines a light on CIBC's desire to diversify into the U.S. market yet highlights investor worries about whether the bank might be paying too much for the asset. CIBC is the most Canada-focused of the country's major lenders.
"I am not too pleased that they are paying 20 percent more now than then. I think they got trapped," said John Kinsey, portfolio manager at Caldwell Securities, which owns CIBC stock.
"I think there is a risk that maybe they did overpay. I think the market is telling us that."
CIBC shares dropped 2.6 percent, while PrivateBancorp shares jumped 5 percent to $59.00.
"It raises some definite red flags on the Street. Investors are concerned that they might be overpaying," said Colin Cieszynski, chief market strategist at CMC Markets Canada.
"Are they chasing something at the top of the market?" they said. "What happens if you pay up for this and then the U.S. bank stocks have a correction?"
PrivateBancorp shares have rallied since the initial offer and further since Donald Trump was elected U.S. president. The stock has benefited from upbeat sentiment as investors counted on potential tax cuts, an easing in financial regulations and higher interest rates to boost the U.S. banking sector.
PrivateBancorp postponed a shareholder vote on the deal in December because some investors resisted on the grounds that the business was undervalued in light of the new developments.
"I like the new offer. Without a competing bid, it seems like full-and-fair value," said David Neuhauser, managing director of U.S. hedge fund Livermore Partners, which owns PrivateBancorp shares.
"It's a good deal for all and it provides more value for PrivateBancorp shareholders," they added. "I'm glad to see this get resolved before the summer."
CIBC and PrivateBancorp expect the deal to close in the second quarter.
PrivateBancorp's shareholders must approve the deal in a mid-May vote.
(Reporting by John Tilak and Fergal Smith in Toronto and Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; editing by Paul Simao and Cynthia Osterman)
Formula One - F1 - Australian Grand Prix - Melbourne, Australia - 23/03/2017 McLaren driver Fernando Alonso of Spain poses during the driver portrait session at the first race of the year. REUTERS/Brandon Malone
SHANGHAI Fernando Alonso is not ready to swap their recalcitrant McLaren for a supermarket trolley just yet, despite the Formula One team's troubled start to the season prompting speculation about whether the Spaniard will see out the year.
The double world champion and McLaren endured a frustrating season opening race in Australia, following on from pre-season testing marred by a lack of power and reliability from their Honda engines.
Alonso, despite putting in what they called one of the best drives of their career, could only battle for the lower points positions, before dropping out of contention altogether and eventually retiring.
Their teammate Stoffel Vandoorne could only finish 13th and last, after being lapped twice by Sebastian Vettel's race-winning Ferrari.
That McLaren felt the result exceeded expectations was a sign of how far in the doldrums the sport's second most successful team are.
McLaren's form renewed speculation about whether the 35-year-old, in the final year of a three-season deal, would stick around.
Former driver and Alonso's close friend Mark Webber also cast doubt on their future in comments to Belgian media.
"Definitely not true," Alonso told reporters on Thursday ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
"I prefer to be here than to be in the supermarket in my hometown."
"I keep competing because I want to have more trophies.
"I am in Formula One, I'm delivering at my best, I'm more prepared than ever, I'm performing at my best," they said.
McLaren, who last won a race in 2012, went into the season expecting to make a big step up the order after a season of progress following a troubled reunion with engine supplier Honda in 2015.
But the Japanese manufacturer's continued struggles with the V6 turbo-hybrid formula have left McLaren, who finished sixth overall last year after ending 2015 ninth, mired near the bottom of the pecking order.
The team expect to struggle even more this weekend in Shanghai and Alonso's plight has not gone unnoticed.
Former McLaren teammate and rival Lewis Hamilton, in particular, has expressed a desire to see them in more competitive machinery.
When asked if they could switch teams next season, perhaps even moving up to Mercedes alongside Hamilton, Alonso didn't rule it out.
"I have nothing to say right now, it's a question for the future," they said, adding: "Nothing is ruled out in life."
(Writing by Abhishek Takle, editing by Neil Robinson)
April 6 Luxey International Holdings Ltd
* Company is considering and negotiating with other shareholder of Ricotex on a possible restructuring of Ricotex
* Possible restructuring may include but not limited to disposal of company's shares in Ricotex and/ or downsize of its business operation
* Refers to interim report for 6 months ended 31 december 2016, where swimwear and garment segment recorded a gross loss of about hk$2.3 million Source text ( bit.ly/2o6lRJo ) Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
DEBBIE DELAY: Energy Minister Mark Bailey said the extension of the deadline was a result of Cyclone Debbie.
BUNDABERG farmers have more time to take part in a trial of off-peak and demand-based electricity tariffs after the State Government extended application deadlines to May 2.
Energy Minister Mark Bailey said the extension of the deadline was a result of the devastation and flooding which followed Cyclone Debbie across much of regional Queensland.
"We're recruiting up to 200 farmers to participate in three separate trials that will help in developing future tariffs for primary producers,” Mr Bailey said.
Mr Bailey said the first trial would involve the use of a controlled load tariff to supply key farm loads, including irrigation pumps and ancillary farm equipment.
"The aim is to understand the implications for farms in switching from tariffs with power available 24/7 to a controlled load tariff with limited hours of supply at a lower price,” they said.
For the purposes of the first trial, participants will be placed on Tariff 33.
Further information about the trials is available from agriculture industry bodies, Ergon or online at ergon.com.au/agtarifftrial.
Treasurer Curtis Pitt said the second group would trial the use of Tariff 24, a new seasonal time of use demand tariff.
"For many primary producers, knowing whether to move to a demand tariff can be difficult because their current billing and metering does not provide enough information for an accurate tariff analysis,” Mr Pitt said.
"It is expected some customers will make immediate savings on this demand tariff but, given the uncertainty, participants in this group will have a safety net to ensure they pay no more than what they would have on their current tariff.”
"The third group will remain on their current tariffs, but would receive a free digital electricity meter that records energy consumption and demand in 30 minute intervals.
"Their usage data will help Ergon improve its understanding of the load profiles of agricultural customers under current arrangements and give participating customers detailed insight into their energy use profile, helping them to compare all tariff options.”
The first two trials would run until June next year and the third trial until June 2019.
All participants will receive a free digital meter and, at completion of the trial, they can choose to receive detailed analysis to help them transition to the most suitable tariff option.
The trials are the first initiative under the Palaszczuk Government's $10 million Regional Business Support Package, being delivered in conjunction with Energy Queensland, the Queensland Farmers' Federation, Canegrowers and Cotton Australia.
Mr Bailey said the package was another step in delivering price stability to electricity consumers following the 43% increase in power bills under the Newman-Nicholls government.
Further information about the trials is available from agriculture industry bodies, Ergon or online at ergon.com.au/agtarifftrial.
Application forms are available from the same website and must be submitted by May 2.
Moon Jae-in speaks after winning the nomination as a presidential candidate of the Minjoo Party, during a national convention, in Seoul, South Korea, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Moon Jae-in and An Hee-jung (R) react as their supporters celebrate during a national convention, in Seoul, South Korea, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Moon Jae-in celebrates after winning the nomination as a presidential candidate of the Minjoo Party, during a national convention, in Seoul, South Korea, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Moon Jae-in celebrates after winning the nomination as a presidential candidate of the Minjoo Party, during a national convention, in Seoul, South Korea, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Moon Jae-in reacts after winning the nomination as a presidential candidate of the Minjoo Party, during a national convention, in Seoul, South Korea, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL South Korean human rights lawyer Moon Jae-in won the liberal Democratic Party primary vote on Monday, setting them on course to become the next president and perhaps take a softer line on North Korea.
Moon has been leading in opinion polls ahead of the May 9 election to succeed impeached Park Geun-hye, who was dismissed last month over a corruption scandal involving family-run conglomerates, or chaebol.
If elected, Moon, 64, is expected to soften South Korea's policy towards North Korea, possibly delay deployment of a U.S. anti-missile defence system that has enraged China and get tough on corporate criminals, including chaebol bosses.
"I will do everything I have to do to look after the failing standard of people's living, revive the economy and resurrect national security that's been riddled with holes," Moon told an enthusiastic party crowd in their acceptance speech.
In a major policy statement in March, Moon said there was no choice but to recognise Kim Jong-un as the leader of reclusive North Korea and deal with him.
North and South Korea are technically still at war because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. The North, heavily sanctioned for missile and nuclear tests in breach of UN Security Council resolutions, regularly threatens to destroy the South and its main ally, the United States.
"We can't deny that the ruler of the North Korean people is Kim Jong-un. We have no choice but to recognise Kim Jong-un as a counterpart, whether we put pressure and impose sanctions on North Korea or hold dialogue," Moon said.
Such an approach may clash with the United States where President Donald Trump has pressed China to do more to rein in the North, and said it may have to deal with Pyongyang's nuclear and missile programs on its own if needs be.
Moon has also vowed to end the practice of pardoning convicted corporate criminals and to break up the cosy relationship between big business and the government.
Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee is on trial on charges including bribery in return for favours to the conglomerate that has led to the arrest of ousted president Park.
Moon had the backing of 40 percent of the people in a Gallup Korea poll released on Friday, a double digit advantage over Ahn Cheol-soo of the new centrist People's Party.
The two face little in the way of a significant challenge from conservatives, who have 14 percent combined public support according to the Gallup Poll, or the far left.
(Reporting by Jack Kim and Ju-min Park; Editing by Nick Macfie)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
How does a rest home resident end up with maggots in their wounds? Nicholas Jones investigates.
As a father they taught them to cook shellfish over a corrugated tin camp fire.
Now 86, a failing heart had narrowed Evan's world to a strange room smelling of excrement and dotted with flies.
"Dad was at the stage where they aren't really interacting a lot. They might mumble and they hung their head all the time," recalled their daughter, Corina, who asked for surnames to be withheld.
Advertisement
"When my brothers were there we would just sit there and chat. They could hear us. Every now and then if my arm was on the chair they would reach out and pat it."
They found their voice when Corina and their brother spoke of the need to keep raising problems with staff at Pukekohe's Palms Lifecare rest home.
Nothing had been done about the flies, for example. As they spoke, Evan lifted their head and locked eyes with Corina.
"He said, 'They know when you are coming, change your time.' Then they put their head back down. My brother and I just looked at each other."
When Corina's brother arrived the next morning a nurse was soaking Evan's feet. They groaned and cried as tweezers plucked maggots from under their big toenail and between theirs toes.
"My brother could see them in the water," Corina said.
"Crawling up the side of the bowl."
A heart-wrenching decision
In childhood Corina and their siblings often fell asleep to a sewing machine's whir.
"Mum and dad tried to get farmhouses as the rent was cheaper," they said. "So if mum milked morning and night, dad would go to work during the day. My mum also sewed for a company at night, so we would all go to bed as kids and you would hear them sewing.
"We didn't have a lot, but we didn't know it back then. We were all so loved."
Evan worked as a mechanical engineer. They loved to tinker and invented contraptions, including a drilling rig that could be helicoptered into remote sites, and an early model road sweeping truck.
As well as their own kids they and their wife fostered many children over the years, working with social welfare and police.
The owners of Palms Lifecare says it takes the investigation findings extremely seriously. Photo / Brett Phibbs
The couple later lived with Corina for 20 years, helping raise grandchildren and changing tack after a diagnosis of cancer and then Parkinson's disease.
"Mum's dream was to run their own cafe. So they got some money together and opened one in Pukekohe. They did that until mum's Parkinson's meant they couldn't anymore."
Corina lost their mother four years ago. Evan loved the open road, they said, and thought nothing of driving their Chevy to Napier and back on a day off. But age caught them too, and after a second stay in Middlemore Hospital a family conference was called.
Their patriarch had an end-stage heart condition, pneumonia, signs of mild dementia and required a catheter. Their heart struggled to pump blood to badly swollen legs. Ulcers developed and skin peeled away.
"His wound care was way out of my league. I said to the doctor, my family and dad, that I just couldn't do it anymore. I'm scared to leave them and go to work," Corina said.
"He was heartbroken, I know that. And I live with the pain of no longer being able to care for him."
Arrival at Palms Lifecare
Moving into aged care is something more of us will face. There are about 83,000 New Zealanders aged 85 or older – a number forecast to rise to up to 284,000 by 2043 and 467,000 by 2068.
Evan qualified for terminal care funding, meaning they aren't expected to live longer than six weeks.
Soon their family had cause for worry. One Monday Corina found them soiled, with mess around the room. They said it took 40 minutes to get the attention of a staff member and nurse, and insist they shower Evan and clean the room.
Corina had to leave, but made sure their brother checked in the next day. They rang to say the room stank, and their father had faeces on their hands and up their back, with mess still on a chair and floor. They complained to the duty nurse, and again after still smelling faeces after a care assistant had helped their father.
Corina went in the next afternoon and said they were confronted by the same scene: "there was still faeces on the chair. Faeces on their clothes. On the floor."
After another call to the nurse Evan was finally taken for showering, they said, and their bedding changed.
Pain relief was also a problem. Evan was mostly given paracetamol, and Corina said they lacked capacity to ask for stronger medication.
They believe they would have been in agony during movement and dressing changes – when in Middlemore they would cry out when a specialist gently blew on their legs to test their pain.
The same wounds wept which, in the middle of summer and with no air conditioning, attracted flies. The family bought a fan and an automatic fly spray, Corina said, after staff did nothing.
"Sometimes they would try and put a sheet on him, but the sheet touching their skin hurt and they would pull it off."
When their brother saw the maggots they demanded a doctor, but was told the GP was busy that day. Corina arrived in the evening and said they had to insist on at least daily dressing changes and better pain relief. They were told the GP couldn't come for another two days.
A nurse removes more maggots from Evan's wounds. Photo / Supplied
In the meantime, they tried to find somewhere else for their father to go. That wasn't easy, something they later raised with the DHB.
"I had to go through the social worker – so it wasn't going to happen that week or the next. How are [Palms staff] going to treat them once they know we want them moved?
"[The DHB] said they couldn't take them to hospital. I should have somehow wheeled them out, driven down the road and called an ambulance."
"Very upset @ 10.00 hrs"
Distressed, on March 7 Corina rang into Radio Live talkback, which led to a visit by a clinical specialist nurse from Counties Manukau DHB. The DHB's findings ultimately substantiated five failings.
"The soft tissue care plan does not consistently document dressing changes so there may have been a period of time in the days before the maggots were found when the resident's wound was not assessed and evaluated," the report noted.
That meant "the eggs could fully develop into maggots without being disrupted".
Dressings were to be done every other day. However, they were only documented on February 6, 8, 11, 18, 19, 25 and 28.
On February 28 a file entry states the dressing should be reviewed in two days. Whoever wrote it underlined the instruction, but the next recording was March 4 – two days before the maggots were found.
Seven to 10 maggots were removed from Evan's toe. Later that day a nurse washed their lower legs and picked out another four to five. The next day another was found.
Evan apparently wasn't showered around the time their family discovered them covered in faeces, and the DHB found it concerning "if this episode did occur" it didn't lead to a continence review.
They fell twice and had one "near miss fall" during their stay, resulting in a forehead laceration and bruising. Care plans, evaluations and neurological observations weren't properly carried out in response.
Palms' policy requires a registered nurse to document the progress of residents in hospital-level care at least daily. However, there were 10 days when no note was made, including two lots of successive days.
There were at least 12 days when only a caregiver made notes. When both a caregiver and nurse made entries, they could contradict.
For example, a caregiver wrote that Evan had stayed in the lounge all day without issue. The nurse entry recorded them as "very upset @ 10.00 hrs", taking their dressing gown off, and convinced staff were trying to kill him.
A fluid balance chart wasn't properly updated, and there was no evidence vital signs were watched as required.
Corina's father weighed more than 85kg on arrival in December. By January they had lost 9.5kg, but there was no record of such a drastic drop being evaluated.
No weight was recorded for February. In the early hours of March 9 they died, weighing 70kg.
A watchdog with bite?
Corina was disappointed the DHB couldn't fully substantiate two aspects of their family's complaint, including that Evan's condition deteriorated over a two-week period, and that they couldn't properly discuss this with staff.
She's sure their father suffered a stroke but said the nurse brushed off their concerns and request for a doctor. Photos clearly show a serious deterioration, they said.
As Evan approached day 10 of their Middlemore stay the family learned the term "bed blocker", a description for the mostly elderly who can't go home, but need to be moved on. DHBs fulfil a watchdog role over private rest home providers they also rely on to outsource care to.
Evan was moved from Middlemore Hospital to the rest home. Photo / Doug Sherring
Corina's family received the DHB report via Heritage Lifecare, the company that owns Palms and 25 other rest homes, including the country's largest rest home and hospital.
A Heritage representative gave the family a formal apology in person, and a copy of a media statement the company would release if necessary.
A spokesperson for the company, now part-owned by Australian private equity firm Adamantem Capital after a deal in April, said existing procedures weren't followed and appropriate disciplinary action had taken place as a result.
"The company obviously deeply regrets the incident that took place but is confident - and this is supported by the DHB independent review - that such an incident does not occur again."
Executive chairperson and founder David Renwick previously told the Herald shortcomings weren't related to staffing levels or training. Despite that, a corrective action plan agreed with the DHB included extra education for care and cleaning staff.
Asked about this and other issues, Renwick said in a statement: "we take the finding of these investigations extremely seriously and have reinforced to all staff at Palms and throughout the wider group the need to adhere to existing and proven procedures to deliver the very best care, in line with Heritage Lifecare's standards".
Counties Manukau DHB is confident residents at the 120-bed Palms are safe. A spokesperson said it will keep working with Palms to "ensure an appropriate level of care". The DHB is satisfied changes are being implemented.
"Counties Manukau Health does not take a punitive approach to complaint management, preferring a collaborative approach to ensuring that corrective actions can be robustly implemented and sustained," the spokesperson said.
DHB representatives met with Corina on Tuesday, following Herald inquiries.  They are confident the DHB will take another look at the unsubstantiated findings.
"They are sincere personally and professionally in relation to this," Corina said. "Broadly, it sits with our Government to facilitate the changes required. The DHB is restrained by funding and resources."
A broken pledge
Rest home certification audits happen every 1-4 years, and a spot audit occurs around the middle of that period.
The Herald has reviewed more than 1000 audit reports for the country's 651 facilities, and found that since 2016 a third had shortfalls related to resident care.
Some of the failings outlined in the DHB report on Palms Lifecare come up time and time again in audits for other facilities.
The way Evan's wounds were treated wasn't good enough; almost 100 other facilities have had shortfalls in wound care.
They dropped almost 10kg but no care plan was developed; auditors found 30 other rest homes with the same failing.
Falls were not followed with the needed neurological observations; since 2016, 36 facilities failed to do the same.
There is concern the auditing process doesn't pick up problems. The Human Rights Commission views the auditing system as "inherently limited", and Consumer NZ wants it beefed-up.
The last audit for Palms Lifecare was in June 2017, with no shortfalls identified – effectively the best result auditors can give.
Associate Health Minister Jenny Salesa says improvements in aged care are on the way. Photo / Mark Mitchell
Jessica Wilson, Consumer NZ's head of research, said that showed residents could suffer unless a complaint was made.
The Herald has reported on complaint investigations at other facilities, including a lack of food and incontinence supplies, and a woman left shivering in a urine-soaked bed.
A 95-year-old slept in a recliner chair for 24 days because an adjustable bed wasn't available.
Consumer, Age Concern and Grey Power want reforms including voluntary care guidelines, which include staffing ratios, to be made mandatory and the establishment of an Aged Care Commissioner – steps Labour supported in Opposition.
A week before the election David Clark, now Health Minister, said an Aged Care Commissioner would be provided for in a Labour-led Government's first Budget.
That was delivered this month with no funding earmarked.
Associate Health Minister Jenny Salesa said in a statement that aged care was important to the coalition, but any future changes would be decided by all three parties – Labour, NZ First and the Greens.
"This is just one Budget and we will be working together to find ways to improve aged care."
Salesa said a review of mandatory Health and Disability Service Standards which rest homes are audited against had started, as had a review of how the sector was funded.
Care workers will get a second wage increase on July 1 after the Kristine Bartlett pay equity case, which Salesa said was expected to reduce turnover, improve qualification and therefore provide better care.
A wide-ranging review of the health system, announced on Tuesday, will include how the ageing population will affect services and care. A final report is not due until 2020.
About 36,000 people are in rest home and hospital care, and new facilities are being built across New Zealand.
Corina wanted to speak out to make sure "the person who takes dad's bed doesn't have the same thing happen to them".
"Dad didn't want to go in there. They were petrified. We promised he'd be looked after."
Keeping tabs on a tabby's tail can help pet owners understand their cat's behaviour much better.
But you also must take into account the cat's body language to fully understand what they are thinking about, University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine's Carlos Siracusa tells National Geographic.
A tapping tail while a cat is napping is "relaxed overall but paying attention to something happening around him, a sound or movement," said Siracusa. If the cat is actually sleeping, it could mean the cat is dreaming.
However, an alert cat that is whipping its tail could suggest nervousness and potential aggression. You would be wise to not touch the cat, Siracusa said.
A tail that is straight up with a curved tip means a cat is being friendly, while an aggressive cat may have its tale straight up.
A relaxed cat will "carry their tail in a neutral or low position," adds Siracusa, while a downward curve can mean defensiveness.
Although figuring out tail movements and what they mean can be a bit tricky, cat's legs tell owners what is really going on.
When a cat darts from one room to another for no apparent reason, sometimes called "the zoomies," it may be due to accumulated arousal, frustration, fear, or pent-up energy, said Siracusa.
In their natural habitat, cats would be climbing trees and chasing prey if they weren't cooped up inside a home, which is low on stimulation.
And cats are more active at dawn and dusk, while the rest of the day they are storing up energy, usually by sleeping or dozing off.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 8 Rickie Fowler thinks their confidence levels are at an all-time high, boosting their belief that they can secure their first major championship at the U.S. Masters on Sunday.
The 28-year-old American ended the third round on Saturday at five under par, one stroke behind the leaders a year after they failed to make the cut at Augusta.
"This is by far the best I've felt in a major," they told reporters.
"From how my game feels, how I feel just about life, I feel great on the golf course. It feels like I'm right where I'm supposed to be," they said.
This is the seventh Masters for the world number eight whose best finish at the year's first major came in 2014 when they tied for fifth.
Asked how much fun they were having on a scale of one to 10, they said; "11 and a half."
The fun will continue on Sunday when Fowler will play with good friend and compatriot Jordan Spieth and they credit hard work with their fitness trainers for their increased comfort levels.
"There's not really an off-season," they said about the golf calendar. "I've been putting the time in the gym and making sure I'm healthy and in a great spot. We've put a lot of work in and it's nice to see it pay off," they said. (Editing by Ed Osmond)
Get answers to questions, share tips, and engage with the IT professional community at myITforum.
Are you a data center professional? Join AFCOM for the best data center insights.
Looking to get things done in web development? Hot Scripts offers tens of thousands of scripts you can use.
Database administrator? dBforums offers community insight on everything from ASP to Oracle, and get the latest news from Data Center Knowledge.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 SBM Holdings Ltd:
* Says board approved payment of interim dividend of 10 cents per share for fourth quarter, to be paid on May 18 Source: bit.ly/2ocalgv Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
March 31 Conformis Inc
* Conformis, Inc. Announces election of Philip W. Johnston to its board of directors Sources text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derbyshire's only Michelin-starred restaurant has revealed that it will be launching a new “wine room” where diners will be able to sample some of its finest vintages along with award-winning food.
Fischer's, at Baslow Hall, Baslow, near Bakewell, has said it plans to open The Wine Room in early March.
Created in a room previously known as The Study, it will be a private dining room where guests can indulge in fine food and wine.
According to Fischer's, the room is being transformed into a “contemporary and sophisticated space” that will be in-keeping with the manor-house style of the building.
The room has been designed and built by architect Bluecarrot and features a temperature controlled “wine wall”.
The interior also includes traditional Georgian wall panelling, finished in blue teal.
In a statement, Fischer's said: “The Wine Room will be the perfect environment to showcase the range and diversity of wines Fischer's has access to from around the globe, complementing the diverse flavours of their award-winning cuisine.
“Informal, yet informative, The Wine Room will be a dedicated space where guests can sip, savour and discover new and old wines alike, alongside Fischer's award-winning cuisine.”
Once open, The Wine Room will be available for both lunch and dinner for up to 12 guests. It will be available for dining from the restaurant's tasting menu only, alongside special events.
Fischer's first opened at Baslow Hall in 1989 and was the brainchild of husband and wife Max and Susan Fischer. As well as the restaurant, it also has 11 luxury bedrooms.
Back in October it retained its coveted Michelin star for the 24th year in a row, once again guaranteeing its place in the influential Michelin Guide following a visit by the food guide's inspectors.
How much will it cost to dine in Fischer's new Wine Room? Lunch: £68 per person or £108 with wine pairings Dinner: £88 per person or £138 with wine pairings Wine prices: Varies from house wine starting at £5.50 per glass to bottles of wine up to £275 per bottle
The restaurant, situated in the 100-year-old Grade 2-listed manor house, first became a Michelin-starred venue in 1994.
Speaking about The Wine Room concept, Mr Fischer said: “I have always loved good wine, but it was only when I met the late John Wynne of the Epworth Tap (a famous wine bar near Doncaster) around 35 years ago that I really began to develop my wine pallet.
“John's knowledge of wine and their wine bar were famous in the north and further afield. They introduced me to many new aromas and flavours and helped me to appreciate the subtle qualities of wine.
“I have been learning ever since and still feel I know little, but my passion for learning and discovering is as fresh as ever and I love to share that with others.”
The restaurant is now planning to hold a series of wine-tasting events at the venue, including a “meet the maker” event, where guests can meet suppliers along with visiting growers to learn about wines from both famous and lesser-known vineyards.
