Hawaii's Volcanic Eruption Draws Scientific Interest
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
The images from the eruption of Kilauea in Hawaii are breathtaking. Lava is gushing from cracks in the earth, blasting — at times — more than 200 feet in the air. Vog — volcanic fog — from the volcano is drifting as far as Guam.
For those living in the southeast corner of the Big Island, the eruption is devastating. But it's also presenting an incredible opportunity for scientists looking to better understand the world usually beneath our feet.
A post shared by N Rott (@narott) on May 27, 2018 at 11:23pm PDT
Every day, night and minute since this major eruption started, scientists have been tracking its progress. Drones buzz over the rivers of lava, blinking red and green at night against the creamsicle glow of the rising smoke. Sensors and monitors record every earthquake and eruption. And teams of volcanologists are out on foot 24 hours a day recording gas levels, lava speeds, fountain heights and whatever other data they can get.
Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island's Tourist-Dependent Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island's Tourist-Dependent Economy Listen · 3:47 3:47
National Residents Near Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Residents Near Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Listen · 3:50 3:50
Alexa Van Eaton, a physical volcanologist usually stationed in Oregon at Cascades Volcano Observatory, went out recently to record the speed and behavior of a lava flow from fissures 7 and 21. What struck them most was the sound: "You can hear, first of all the coqui frogs, but in the background you can hear the clinkering of the lava, which really does sound like breaking glass."
That word clinkering is actually a technical term. It's the barely audible sound and process of lava breaking.
"As a volcanologist you learn about this term clinker," says Van Eaton, "and for me, it hadn't really sunk in that that's what it actually sounds like. It's clinkering! It's onomatopoeia!"
Van Eaton and other scientists are very, very excited about the opportunity to study an active volcano. As one scientist put it: Eruptions like this are a window into the inner workings of our planet.
"This is a once-in-a-lifetime process to really be a part of," Van Eaton says.
But the reality of what this volcano is doing to people, their homes and property is not lost on any of the scientists here. Brett Walker, a Ph.D. student from the University of Hawaii, Manoa, was out collecting lava samples a few nights ago.
"So as excited as I was to collect this fresh molten piece of lava," they explain, "I'm collecting it on the property of my friend's house, whose house was burning down. So it's just this complete mix of excitedness, happiness and sadness and devastation really."
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
Wendy Stovall, a volcanologist with the U.S. Geological Survey, says all of the data they're collecting will drive research for years, helping scientists better understand how volcanoes work all over the world. They say it's a generational event that will define the field the way Mount St. Helens did in the 1980s.
"And that will hopefully inform land-use planning, emergency preparedness and keep people's lives from being impacted so heavily like they have [been] during this eruption," Stovall says.
That's the reason Natalia Deligne has been watching the eruption on TV during their lunch breaks. She's a volcanic hazard and risk modeler in New Zealand.
"Our largest city, Auckland, is built on top of a volcanic field," they say. "And so the hazards and impacts we're observing on Kilauea, we can imagine that happening here."
Deligne's not alone. Scientists across the globe are watching Kilauea — in Costa Rica, Japan, Iceland and others — hoping to learn and prepare for the next eruption.
It's become the template for our lives, something to revel in or rebel against, a solid base from which to compare then versus now.
And believe me, the losers were not the ones we thought.
But let's not pull any punches: Middle school in the '70s was a Darwinian killing field, where bullies roamed with impunity and chants of "Fight! Fight! Fight!" were the order of the day, no matter how desperately one pounded on locked school doors for teacher assistance.
Ah, the teachers — never have such dysfunctional power-mongers exerted such totalitarian control over such a captive population as they did between 1972 and 1975 in my north Toronto junior high.
These were the halcyon days before political correctness, before educators were held accountable for their behaviour, so when they locked us out at lunch hour in the frigid cold, we had no recourse but to stand there and freeze.
When they bonked us on the head with volleyballs for talking in gym class, the word "assault" wasn't part of our lexicon.
When Madame Racine — may they rest in peace — shouted "DETENTION!" every time I twitched an eyebrow during Grade 9 French, no one summoned the board psychologist to assess the emotional damage of such controlling manipulation.
And what the hell was going on with Mr. Russell?
During a Grade 8 bus trip, my malevolent math teacher ordered the driver to pull over when a group of obnoxious students refused to take their seats and taught them a valuable life lesson by kicking them off in the middle of nowhere.
Was they fired? Are you kidding? They probably got a teaching citation.
And while I view this situation differently today as a parent of young children, at that time, on that bus, I knew those brats got what they deserved.
Bravo, Mr. Russell. So long, suckers.
Physically, the building looks the same: The semicircular typing lab where, every Tuesday and Thursday, I downed eight packs of SweeTarts while Mr. Rawlings droned on about the letter 'Q'; the rustic music room that inspired strangled notes on my cello; the tunnellike foyer, where I cowered during school dances, too socially inept to navigate the nuances of an Olivia Newton John shlock ballad.
So who turned up for this exercise in wish-fulfilment time travel?
• The popular kids, of course, bored with their lives as event planners and institutional bootlickers, eager to reassert their social dominance and turn the clock back, if only for a moment.
Having relinquished their power during the first Trudeau administration, they seem less standoffish than bittersweet.
• The obnoxious blowhards, uncomfortable in their adult skins, still trying to impress with pitiful attempts at bravado.
Hey, you idiots — your parents are in their 80s. Your hair is falling out. Time to grow up.
• The perennial victims, who spent the past 45 years dreaming of the day they would return to exact sweet revenge for the wrongs inflicted — the intemperate humiliations — seeking justice and redemption in equal measures.
Good luck with that, I say, and clear a path to the buffet table.
And, finally, me, the human microbe — neither popular nor unpopular, like wallpaper — curious to see what became of the people who once formed the constellations of my life, to embrace the spectacle of buoyant 15-year-old world-beaters magically transformed, like me, into beleaguered 57-year-old greybeards.
All of which was a far cry from my last reunion.
When I returned to my Group of Seven high school for its 25th anniversary in 1995, I remember feeling choked up, like a part of my life spiked with resonant emotional power had been casually reignited.
But I was single then, unhappy at work, grasping for connection.
A quarter century later I'm married with two young sons who regard me fondly as joker-in-chief. I'm content.
And yet there's that lure, that push to go back and re-examine the past, to figure out how "that" led to "this," how a tiny DNA pool of "Bergs" and "Steins" and "Shapiros" created a unique being such as I.
Junior high, in the end, is a Rorschach inkblot for the rest of your life.
How you relate to your past dictates how you deal with the present and how happy you will be in future.
So when my high school turns 50 two years from now, I'll be there again, watching the same cliques huddle together, still aloof, knowing that they, like me, are revisiting some pivotal part of themselves that got left behind.
In the spirit of communion, I'll cast a friendly look, curious if the old hierarchy is still intact.
And when they cagily avert my gaze, I will sigh happily and head home, secure that the world in unfolding exactly as it should.
Joel Rubinoff is at home, preparing a list of grievances for their high school reunion in 2020. Email them at jrubinoff@therecord.com, Twitter: @JoelRubinoff
In my prior blog post, I spoke on this wonderful piece of legislation that is on the verge of becoming law in Nebraska, introduced by Libertarian state senator Laura Ebke.
NOW I say: Get out there and help her! Here is how you can go to Nebraska (I wish this primary was August 22 of last year – the total solar eclipse ran over their district! I'd try to be there!) or give them money! Now I said – give up a couple of 12 packs or five gallons of CFA's finest sweet tea to a cause of liberty and the LP in Virginia would have enough to run a credible campaign – in my open letter to Nicholas Sarwark:
Suppose there was a legal movement (There is a state PAC that is to help Libertarian and friends of liberty candidates) that says let's get $25.00 from each registered libertarian – now understand these persons are not voters leaning toward the LP or voters calling themselves a “libertarian” but voters who have gone to a registrar or sent in a registration form and said – “I'm affiliating formally with the Libertarian Party!” Just $25.00 I am saying.
What does $25.00 buy? I priced a 12 pack of Budweiser beer online and it is about $12.00. (I am not condoning the purchase or consumption of alcoholic beverages.) And a Chick-fil-A sweet tea gallon is just over $5.00 with tax. So could every person in the USA, in the states where voters register by party (Virginia is thankfully not one of them), who has formally affiliated with the LP gave up TWO twelve packs of beer or five gallons of sweet tea at CFA and sent it to Cliff Hyra's campaign and what would be the result? The result would be $12.5 MILLION DOLLARS.
So consider it: Give up a 12 pack and give the bucks to Laura! Go here! Or here!
I will send this blog post to Senator Ebke's campaign as my support and I'll tell you if I give Laura money! But I herewith ENDORSE Libertarian State Senator Laura Ebke in the 32th district of Nebraska!
About Elwood Sanders Elwood "Sandy" Sanders is a Hanover attorney who is an Appellate Procedure Consultant for Lantagne Legal Printing and has written ten scholarly legal articles. Sandy was also Virginia's first Appellate Defender and also helped bring curling in VA! (None of these titles imply any endorsement of Sanders' views)
Share this: Facebook
Google
Twitter
LinkedIn
Print
Pinterest
Tumblr
More
Reddit
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MOSCOW
National Trails Day work session set
The North Pocono Trails Association will hold a community work session Saturday to celebrate National Trails Day.
Work will include trimming grass and overhanging branches on the Creekside and Roaring Brook trails. Work on other trails also may be done if the number of volunteers allows for it.
Participants are asked to bring yard tools, including grass trimmers and snips, and are encouraged to bring water, lunch and appropriate clothing and footwear.
The session will begin at 9 a.m. at the Market Street trailhead in Moscow.
— JEFF HORVATH
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers' unbeaten run ended in the cruellest of circumstances as Shrewsbury Town struck in the 88minute to condemn the Gas to a 2-1 defeat at the Memorial Stadium.
The winning goal came as Rovers were penned deep inside their area after a corner and the ball broke to Shrews substitute Alex Rodman.
The attacker beat Bernard Mensah and Ellis Harrison with ease and fired in a shot from a very tight angle on the right. The ball flashed across the goal line and appeared to strike the far post before hitting the back of the net with Aristote Nsiala getting the final touch.
The goal came against the run of play as Rovers had looked the likelier of the two sides to grab a winner in the final 10 minutes.
Two goals in the space of three minutes earlier in the second half had set up the grandstand finish.
The first Shrewsbury goal came courtesy of a header from full-back Omar Beckles. Chris Lines brought down Nathan Thomas and conceded a free-kick about 25 yards from goal.
Shaun Whalley stepped up and drifted in a very tempting ball into the centre of Rovers' penalty area, where Beckles was on hand to head into the corner of the goal.
Rovers responded within three minutes as the poured forward. Good work on the left flank saw the ball come to Liam Sercombe, who squared the ball to the advancing Partington.
The full-back unleashed a fierce driving effort from outside the penalty area which took a deflection to flummox Shrews goalkeeper Craig MacGillivray.
Rovers could have taken the lead minutes later than Ellis Harrison was brought down on the edge of the penalty area. Lines dragged the free-kick back to substitute Kyle Bennett, and the debutant stabbed a floated effort towards the back post. Somehow the ball seemed to dipping under the crossbar and the Shrews goalkeeper was across well to tip it over the bar.
The final 20 minutes passed with Rovers making much of the running and changing to a 4-4-1-1 formation with Kyle Bennett out wide on the left and Bernard on the right.
Despite their persistence, the Gas were unable to grab a late winner and were made to pay as Rodman found a late winner for Paul Hurst's side.
The first half was a quieter affair as both sides remained discipline and stuck rigidly to their formations. Shrewsbury came with a 4-1-4-1 designed to frustrate Rovers, and up against the Gas' diamond midfield it meant space in the final third for either side was at a premium.
It was the visitors who carved out the best chance of the opening 45 minutes as striker Carlton Morris missed the target from close range. Shaun Whalley drifted in a free kick from deep on the right into the Rovers penalty area, centre-back Aristote Nisiala jumped well to head the ball back across goal.
Morris was unmarked about six yards out from goal but their side-foot effort went wide of Adam Smith's post and out for a goal kick.
At the other end Rovers did their best to build pressure, but neat passing was difficult to execute on a poor pitch.
Both Rory Gaffney and Liam Sercombe has scuffed efforts from distance, but neither troubled Shrews goalkeeper Craig MacGillivray.
Rovers though will have been pleased to reach the break at 0-0 given their recent habit of conceding early on. Tony Craig made their debut in the centre of Rovers' defence alongside Tom Broadbent with captain Tom Lockyer still missing with injury.
The former Millwall man was noticeably vocal throughout the match as they tried to marshal the Rovers backline.
The visitors showed why they have risen to third this season despite being one of the pre-season favourites for the drop. Paul Hurst had their side well drilled and it was clear each player knew their job as they looked to allow Rovers no time to dwell on the ball.
The first half was punctuated with a series of physical battles as both sides looked to leave their mark on the other. Referee Trevor Kettle didn't appear to have much control over some of the challenges flying in, and some of the decision lefts many fans scratching their head.
Rovers could even have had a penalty in the final few minutes of the first half as Rory Gaffney was bundled off the ball by a robust challenge from Nsiala, but referee Kettle was unmoved.
The match came alive in the second half but Rovers were unable to keep up their unbeaten record and now head to Oxford United next weekend looking to get back on track.
Bristol Rovers: Smith; Partington, Craig, Broadbent, Bola (Nichols 90), Lines, O Clarke (Bennett 56), Sercombe, Sinclair, Gaffney (mensah 79), Harrison
Subs not used: Slocombe, Brown, Sweeney, Telford
Shrewsbury Town: MacGillivray; Beckles, Sadler, Nsiala, Bolton, Godfrey, Sadler, Nolan, Whalley (Jones 83), Thomas (Rodman 74), Morris (Payne 74)
Subs not used: Rowley, Lowe, John-Lewis, Morris,
Scorers: Beckles 62, Partington 65, Rodman 88
Referee: Trevor Kettle
Attendance: 9,380 (700 away)
What Did We Learn From The Nunes Memo?
The Justice Department opposed the public release of the memo. NPR's Michel Martin talks with former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales about how the disclosed information could affect the agency.
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
With that in mind, we wanted to speak with someone with knowledge of the law and the inner workings of the White House and the Justice Department, so we called someone who has all of that - former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, who served in the George W. Bush administration. They were White House counsel before they headed the Justice Department. He's now dean of the College of Law at Belmont University in Nashville, Tenn.
Judge Gonzales, Dean, welcome. Thank you for joining us.
ALBERTO GONZALES: It's always good to be on your show. Thank you.
MARTIN: So today, the president tweeted that the memo totally vindicates them - their words - in the Russia investigation, calling the probe a, quote, "Russian witch hunt." Do you think that that's true?
GONZALES: Well, you know, it's not really my place (laughter) to contradict the president of the United States. But I will say that I think the Nunes memo, such as it is, has more to do with the FISA process in connection with that particular investigation than it does the Russian investigation. I don't think it proves overall bias at the Department of Justice, but it obviously raises questions. And I can see how some people would be concerned about how decisions are being made at the Department of Justice, particularly at the leadership level.
But as I said, there are still so many unanswered questions with respect to that particular investigation. And again, I don't - I'm not yet aware of the connection between that - what happened there and what's currently ongoing today.
MARTIN: So did we learn anything from the memo?
GONZALES: Well, I don't know. I mean, again, for example, I'd like to know whether or not the FISA application would have been granted even without this information everyone is now questioning. It's possible that there was additional information in the FISA application where the department would have gotten the approval of the FISA Court in any event.
I'd also like to know, was there actual knowledge by people like Rod Rosenstein when they certify the application? Did they have actual knowledge about the source of some of this information? As a general matter, you know, the Attorney General - I'm working at my office when I'm a Justice, and two lawyers will show up unannounced a particular afternoon from the Office of Intelligence and Policy Review - that these people are experts in FISA and the requirements of FISA. They know extremely well. This is their job. And they come in with a stack of applications, and we sit down, and we talk about the applications. You don't have time to verify all the facts, quite frankly, in the application. You rely upon the experts.
And what you're mainly concerned about as the attorney general is to - is confirmation that all the requirements of FISA, all the requirements of that statute, have been satisfied in this application. You obviously - you're most concerned about surveillance of an American citizen here in this country. I think if I had been the attorney general, I would want to know if, in fact, some of the information - however relevant or important it was - that some of this information may have come from a questionable source. That would be something I would want to know as attorney general.
But it's quite possible that Rod Rosenstein - who is really the only player, I think, in connection with the Carter Page investigation that is still involved today with respect to the Mueller investigation - it's quite possible that they certified the application without having any actual knowledge about the fact that the source may have come from Mr. Steele.
MARTIN: Well, but the first FISA application was before they were in that job. That's one thing that has to be said. But before we sort of - let's just talk a little bit more about the big picture, if we can. You know, the Democrats have been vociferous about this, saying that this is about undermining the investigation into Russian meddling by attacking the personnel and the institutions. Meanwhile, House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday that the memo wouldn't impugn the Mueller investigation so - and then we have the president saying that this is a witch hunt and that it vindicates him. So, you know, at the end of the day, what is this all about, in your opinion?
GONZALES: (Laughter) I don't know if I'm in the best position to say what it's all about. I did say at the outset, based on what's in the Nunes memo, you know, it's hard to really make the direct connection or reach the conclusion that there is overall bias. Now, there may have been been improper bias or partisanship in connection with the FISA application of Carter Page. But again, you didn't have to impugn that bias to everyone in the Department of Justice, including the special counsel and their team. And I just can't get there, knowing Bob Mueller and knowing the senior leadership.
Now, let me just be perfectly clear about one thing. If someone does something improper at the Department of Justice, they should be held accountable. And I know that there have been decisions made by the senior leadership that has concerned, frustrated and infuriated some of the line investigators and some of the line prosecutors. And I get that. And there should be accountability.
But again, I think there's - a lot of people are making a lot of accusations here, trying to tie what happened with respect to Carter Page with the Mueller investigation. And based on the Nunes memo, I can't get there quite yet. It - we may be able to do so in the future, but as of yet, I have a difficult time getting there.
MARTIN: Let me - a couple more questions for you before we have to let you go. In your tenure, you were criticized for politicizing the Justice Department, in essence, allowing political affiliation to hold too much sway. And there were Republicans who had that concern. I'm wondering why the House Republicans, at least, seem to be all one voice on this. Outside the government, people with intelligence and national security backgrounds are expressing deep concern but not among House Republicans. I wonder if you - why that is.
GONZALES: You'll have to ask the House Republicans.
MARTIN: OK.
GONZALES: I really don't know. It is true that - you know, it is true that you have to be careful, certainly within the Department of Justice, with respect to the appearance of bias or partisanship, even though some bias and partisanship might be allowed in connection with development of policy, for example. But with respect to investigations, that's something you have to be very, very careful about. But with respect to answering your question, you'll have to ask the House Republicans.
MARTIN: And before we let you go, drawing on your experience, both as White House counsel and as attorney general, what do you think should happen now? The Democrats would like their counter-memo to be released, if we could call it that. What do you think should happen now?
GONZALES: Well, listen. Everyone - certain Republicans were talking about how - about the importance of transparency. Well, I think the Democratic (laughter) memo then should be released. But as a general matter, let me just say, I am worried about the release of information that goes back to a FISA application. We are in court periodically - when I say we, the Department of Justice is in court periodically facing challenges from people who want to have access to FISA applications.
So the more we talk about this publicly, if we give up information relating to the FISA application, it makes it more difficult for the Department of Justice to protect FISA applications. The way that we ensure accountability at the Department of Justice in connection with FISA is through the work, the oversight work, of the Intel Committees. Now, I'm troubled by assertions that the Congress has asked for this information for a year and that the FBI has refused to turn it over.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
MARTIN: OK.
GONZALES: The only justification that I can think of as to why they wouldn't turn it over is because that - because the information related to - the information that Congress wants relates to an ongoing investigation, and there is concern that turning that...
MARTIN: OK.
GONZALES: ...Information over may be leaked and compromise that investigation.
MARTIN: We have to let you go. That was former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, now dean at the Belmont University College of Law.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Group One-winner Trapeze Artist may have earned the right to take on Winx after winning at Rosehill.
Group One-winner Trapeze Artist may have earned the right to take on Winx after winning at Rosehill.
Group One-winning colt Trapeze Artist may have earned the right to take on Winx after passing their first test at weight-for-age in the Expressway Stakes at Rosehill.
The winner of the Golden Rose in the spring, Trapeze Artist was backed late in Saturday's Group Two 1200m sprint from $4.20 to $3.60 with another three-year-old, Addictive Nature, the $2.50 favourite.
Saturday's win means owner Bert Vieira and trainer Gerald Ryan are looking to change tack from the Hobartville Stakes against their own age and instead set Trapeze Artist to take on the champion in the Apollo Stakes, also over 1400m, in two weeks.
"He's won at weight-for-age now so we may well take on Winx next," Ryan said.
With their Golden Rose-winning rider Tye Angland aboard Victoria Derby winner Ace High in the Expressway, Tim Clark took the mount on Trapeze Artist.
As expected, Memes ($16) led the field and Clark worked their way across from the widest barrier on Trapeze Artist to sit behind the pacesetter.
Memes found it tough at the business end of the race and as they weakened, Trapeze Artist assumed control and went to the line with 1-1/4 lengths to spare over Showtime ($9.50), who came from last.
Addictive Nature held third, another half neck away with Global Glamour, who drifted from $3 favouritism to $4.20, fourth and Ace High making ground late for fifth.
"He probably shouldn't have gone to Melbourne for the Coolmore Stud Stakes but they have come back well," Ryan said.
"He had about three weeks in the paddock and he's flying.
"He trialled better than I thought they would and was very fit coming into today.
"He is much stronger than they were last time and I would love to win another Group One with them while they are a three-year-old.
"I know Bert has been talking to some studs so hopefully they can get a deal."
Trapeze Artist has already had one win over Winx in a barrier trial on January 22, which went largely unnoticed because of their presence and that of top sprinter Redzel.
Ace High's trainer, David Payne, confirmed a traditional path for the colt.
"He can't sit and sprint with them over the shorter distances but it was very pleasing to see them hit the line like they did," they said.
"He'll go to the Hobartville, the Randwick Guineas and the Rosehill Guineas and then either the Derby or the Queen Elizabeth Stakes."
March 30 Zhongbai Holdings Group Co Ltd :
* Says co plans to transfer 49 percent stake in co's fresh food processing and distribution unit to an equity investment fund LP, in which co owns a 9.17 percent of capital contribution, for 132.8 million yuan
* Says co will own 51 percent stake in the unit after transaction, down from 100 percent currently
* The equity investment fund LP will also inject capital in co's wholly owned convenience store operation sub-subsidiary and to own 30.77 percent
* Co's wholly owned supermarket operation subsidiary's stake in the convenience store operation unit will be lowered to 69.23 percent from 100 percent
* Co plans to pay cash div 0.8 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/cILrJL ; goo.gl/TiG6lW ; goo.gl/eFzyHF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Despite previously trading barbs with Kim Jong-un, President Donald Trump praised the North Korean Leader Tuesday, saying they have been open and "very honorable" as the two prepare for an upcoming summit.
Trump, during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron, told reporters that they look forward to sitting down with Kim and hopes their meeting will take place soon.
"We have been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible. We think that's a great thing for the world: that's a great thing for North Korea, South Korea and Japan -- and France -- and everybody," they said. "We're having very good discussions. Kim Jong-un ... really has been very open and, I think, very honorable from everything we're seeing."
The president added that while North Korea has made "a lot of promises" over the years, the country's leaders have never been in a position like they are today.
"We have been very, very tough on maximum pressure. We have been very tough on trade. We've been very, very tough on the border. Sanctions have been the toughest we've ever imposed on any country," they said. "We think it will be a great thing for North Korea and it will be a great thing for the world, so we'll see where that all goes."
Trump, however, said if the meeting does not go well, he's willing to "leave the table."
CIA Director Pompeo had top-secret meeting with North Korea's Kim Jong-un over Easter weekend
The president's comments came one week after news broke that CIA Director and Secretary of State nominee Mike Pompeo secretly met with Kim in early April to help set up direct talks between the North Korean leader and Trump.
Officials announced in March that Trump had agreed to meet with Kim by May to negotiate an end to North Korea's nuclear weapons program.
President Donald Trump 'looks forward' to meeting with Kim Jong-un, optimistic about North Korean denuclearization
The president, who previously referred to Kim as "rocket man," has repeatedly expressed optimism about the upcoming meeting.
WASHINGTON — The Washington Nationals say that assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation.
The team says the suspension is connected to a legal matter.
The club announced Jones' suspension less than a half-hour before the scheduled first pitch of Game 1 of Washington's NL Division Series against the defending World Series champion Chicago Cubs on Friday night.
The 42-year-old Jones retired as a player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams.
Staff Reporter
The Higher Education Commission (HEC) has introduced an online system for degree verification. HEC Executive Director Dr Arshad Ali, through a notification, stated that the new system aimed at easing the process through which degrees were verified. They also informed that the verification of degrees, certificates and diplomas would be done solely through the HEC and not the universities themselves. The online process will allow students to upload scanned copies of their degrees to the HEC's system, which is linked to the National Database and Regulation Authority (NADRA)'s records form where their identity will first be verified.
The system will also have a register of all Pakistani qualifications pertaining to degree programme details of universities, both public and private. If the details of their or their degree programme are not present then the relevant student's degree will not be verified.
The HEC will further provide system access to the examination boards of all universities in order to ascertain the veracity of the degrees submitted online from them as well.
The current verification system required the degrees to be physically verified by the regional offices in Karachi, Lahore and Quetta. It may be mentioned here that HEC has also introduced a national policy on Open Distance Learning (ODL) in collaboration with Allama Iqbal Open University (AIOU). HEC and the country's major universities have formulated a draft policy-document on ODL after threadbare discussion on its various features for consideration of HEC.
A police watchdog has raised concerns about the way stop and search powers are recorded by one of the region's forces.
North Yorkshire Police (NYP) requires improvement for how it treats all of the people it serves with fairness and respect, according to the HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services.
As part of its annual inspections into police effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy (PEEL), the watchdog assesses all the forces across England and Wales.
Reports released today look into police legitimacy – how fairly and respectfully the forces treat those they serve, whether they behave ethically and lawfully and how they treat their workforces.
All four of Yorkshire's forces received “good” ratings overall – the second highest ranking – though the watchdog highlighted one area for improvement each in North and South Yorkshire (SYP).
NYP has been told it needs to improve how it treats all of the people it serves with fairness and respect.
The report details how the watchdog's review of 200 of the force's stop and search records “indicate that some officers and supervisors either still do not understand fully what constitutes reasonable grounds, or do not know how to record them properly”.
HM Inspector of Constabulary Mike Cunningham said: “One area of concern is that the force does not have robust processes in place to scrutinise its use of stop and search powers. This is an important issue that needs to be addressed.”
NYP Deputy Chief Constable Lisa Winward said: “The findings of the report again showed that our officers and staff behave ethically and lawfully in line with the Code of Ethics, which is embedded in the way we work on a daily basis.
“It is also shows that North Yorkshire Police cares for the wellbeing of its officers and staff and treats them fairly and with respect.
“We have, however, carefully noted the feedback about treating all the people we serve with fairness and respect, as well as introducing greater external scrutiny and more robust processes in the way we manage stop and search powers. The PEEL inspections are designed to improve policing and we fully take on board the recommendations.”
The area's Police and Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan, said: “There were a number of areas highlighted for improvement, many of which I have been raising with the Chief Constable for some time now, and I am keen to see improvements as soon as possible.”
The report states that 4,418 stop and search procedures (excluding vehicle only searches) were carried out across the force area in 2015.
SYP needs to improve on how much “fairness and respect” its workforce is shown, according to the watchdog, with “the way it prioritises and communicates matters of wellbeing” highlighted as an area to better.
A force spokesperson said progress had already been made and “we are committed to doing all we can to support our people in delivering the best possible service to the public of South Yorkshire”.
Nationally, the analysis suggested that police are less likely to find illegal substances on black people than white individuals when carrying out stop and searches for drugs.
The watchdog said this was “troubling” and “suggests that the use of stop and search on black people might be based on weaker grounds for suspicion than its use on white people, particularly in respect of drugs.”
COLUMBIA, Mo. — Missouri had never beaten Kentucky in 10 previous tries, but behind 16 points each from Jordan Barnett and Kassius Robertson, the Tigers finally cleared that Big Blue hurdle with a 69-60 victory Saturday.
The 21st-ranked Wildcats (17-6, 6-4 Southeastern Conference) had erased double-digit deficits the last two games in victories over West Virginia and Vanderbilt, but their poor shooting against Missouri's stingy defence ensured there would be no rally this time.
Kentucky shot 31.3 per cent from the field. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander led the Wildcats with 15 points and six assists.
Jontay Porter added 13 points and eight rebounds for Missouri (15-8, 5-5 SEC).
Missouri led 28-18 at halftime, as Kentucky made just 20 per cent of its first-half shots and went 0 for 10 from 3-point range.
As usual in a game involving Missouri — a defensive-minded and foul-prone team — the game was physical. Late in the first half, Kentucky's Jarred Vanderbilt took exception to Jared Geist's box-out, wrestled Geist to the court and had to be restrained. Both players received technical fouls, and Vanderbilt was assessed a flagrant foul.
Early in the second half, Geist drew a flagrant foul for elbowing Gilgeous-Alexander in the face.
The Wildcats cut the lead 33-32 on Jalen Knox's layup with 16:14 remaining. Then Missouri went on an 8-0 run, started with a 3-pointer and transition layup by Porter and finished with Barnett's 3-pointer. The Tigers maintained the lead the rest of the way.
BIG PICTURE
Kentucky: The Wildcats made just 2 of 20 shots from 3-point range. The Wildcats' nation-leading streak of 1,035 straight games with a 3-pointer — dating to Nov. 28, 1998 — was in jeopardy until Wenyen Gabriel made one with 2:53 left in the game.
Farmers have welcomed the various support options introduced by the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA) to help with completing their online Single Application.
The online Single Application Service opened on 01 March and DAERA's support services are in demand.
The SAF Advisory Service has dealt with more than 5,000 calls and 500 farmers have availed of one-to-one appointments at their DAERA Direct Offices, completing applications before they left. 300 farmers have attended ‘online Single Application workshops' for those submitting online for the first time in 2017.
A DAERA spokesperson said: “When we opened the online Single Application Service in March we introduced a number of support measures to assist those farmers who would be switching from paper format to online application for the first time in 2017.
“From the feedback received, it is positive to note that farmers have welcomed our support services, with approximately 1,000 benefiting from the range of options available.”
DAERA is asking farmers not to wait until the last few days to submit their Single Application and continue to make use of any of the support options available.
The spokesperson added: “To date we have received approximately 5,000 online applications and we are asking farmers to ‘help us to help you', by not waiting until the last few days to submit their Single Application. Act now and make use of the support options available before places become limited as we approach the closing date of 15 May 2017. Contact the SAF Advisory Service on 0300 200 7848 and secure that help.”
It's local to you!
While the SAF Advisory Service has already dealt with over 5000 calls this year, the most popular of the services provided are the ‘one to one' appointments in local DAERA Direct offices and the free workshops on ‘How to complete your SAF online.'
One to One – it's a comprehensive service
Over 500 farmers have already availed of ‘one to one' appointments in their local DAERA Direct office and the vast majority left with their application safely completed. These appointments can only be arranged through the SAF Advisory Service (0300 200 7848).
When a farmer calls a specially trained SAF Adviser will talk to them about the options to complete their SAF online. If ‘one to one' help is required then that help can be arranged for a time and place that is convenient to them. Farmers will need to have their Government Gateway ID, password and email address before they attend their appointment. The SAF Adviser will help with all that as well. At the appointment a DAERA Direct adviser will guide the farmer through their application, making any changes to his/her land details, submitting their application and receiving a receipt. It's a comprehensive service.
The ‘How to complete your SAF Online' Workshops have proved a big success for the 300 or so ‘first time online' farmers who have attended so far. Lorraine and Ronnie Clarke, who attended a course at CAFRE Enniskillen said: “Really recommend this course. The information is very useful. A great idea to allow you to submit your application at the time; it means you are sure you are submitting the correct information.”
Diane Farlow (Enniskillen) said: “I found the course very useful, never before had I used maps online. There was great one to one help provided. I am now happier to go ahead and submit my SAF online correctly.”
When farmers attend the workshops they are asked to have their Government Gateway and password with them. At the workshop they will be given a SAF online demonstration after which they will be invited to log into their own DAERA online account. The trainers and staff from local DAERA Direct offices are on hand to help with questions and problems and the majority of those who have attended to date have left with their SAF safely completed.
The workshops are delivered from the CAFRE colleges in Greenmount (Antrim), Loughry (Cookstown) and Enniskillen but DAERA has also added a date at the Southern Regional College in Newry on 27 April. As places at these workshops are limited it is recommended to book early by calling now on 028 71 319955.
Expert help at the end of a phone
DAERA have a team of specially trained SAF Advisers, supported by technical staff, available to answer all your questions about the application or the schemes. A new addition to the help provided this year is that if a farmer has a specific problem in the application form or map, he/she can share that screen with the SAF adviser, who will be able to see the problem he/she has and help to resolve it there and then. This team also has a web chat facility or you can contact them by email at areabasedschemes@daera-ni.gov.uk
Other options – Nominate. Farmers can give someone else permission to complete their form online for them. This can be a member of their family, a friend, accountant or an agent. Farmers will need to complete the form to nominate an authorised person. If they choose to use an agent it is important they contact them now.
Further information - Check out the department's website for further information and helpful videos that demonstrate how to complete your application online.
www.daera-ni.gov.uk/topics/grants-and-funding/area-based-schemes-2017
If farmers would like to keep up to date with news and developments on area-based schemes they can subscribe to DAERA's new SMS text and email service. They can opt in to this service by accessing DAERA Online Services for texts and email alerts. For text only alerts simply text ABS to 67300.
Howard Bank announced that it has named LeNora Clampitt officer and branch manager of the Centennial Place branch.
Clampitt will effectively lead the Centennial Place team and manage full daily sales, operations and customer service aspects of the branch. They will also be responsible for acquiring, building and retaining valuable customer relationships, as well as manage risks and develop employee potential within the branch.
Information in Movers and Shakers is provided by the submitter. To submit a mover and Shakers item, visit http://thedailyrecord.com/movers/.
Wise-cracking, lecherous homicide detective Lieutenant Al Wheeler investigates the disappearances of pretty ‘dames,' a complex hit-and-run case, and murders at a science fiction convention in three entertaining entries in the phenomenally successful Carter Brown mystery series.
Written in the 1950s and long since out-of-print, No Harp for My Angel, Booty for a Babe, and Eve, It's Extortion are a trio of swift-paced, tongue-in-cheek stories by the incredibly prolific Alan Geoffrey Yates, writing under the house name Carter Brown.
Yates, primarily a writer of pulp fiction, used many pseudonyms in their long career and contributed almost all of the 300 Carter Brown books.
Born and raised in London, they emigrated to Australia in their mid-twenties, signed a thirty-year publishing deal that required them to produce two novelettes and one full-length novel a month, and rapidly became Australia's biggest literary export.
Remarkably, they managed, for the most part, to fulfil the demanding publishing contract and, from 1954 to 1984, produced 215 novels and around 75 novella-length stories. The books, which have been translated into fourteen languages and published in 23 countries, have sold in the region of eighty million copies.
In No Harp For My Angel, the first tale in this newly published collection, Lieutenant Wheeler's vacation to Ocean Beach, Florida, turns sour when they upset big-shot gangster Johnny Lynch, a casino owner with mafia connections.
Beaten up and arrested for theft, drunk driving and criminal damage, Wheeler is strong-armed by the Florida police department into playing the role of ‘a big-noise racketeer' from Chicago in order to help them with their investigation into Lynch and their possible connection with four missing women.
Employing unorthodox methods and using their considerable charm with the ladies, the quick-thinking, hard-punching Wheeler battles a psycho gangster, a gorilla-like henchman and a devious red-headed beauty as they unravel Lynch's imaginative, lucrative side operation.
An investigation into the murder of a professor shot in the heart with a steel dart while giving a lecture at a science fiction convention in California is the focus of Booty for a Babe, the rather wacky second story.
Wheeler, who has a torrid time weeding through the 80 suspects, some of whom offer time-travel theories and tales of extra-terrestrials, time-warps and planetoids, begins hallucinating about creatures with ‘heads like squashed oranges,' fifteen arms, tendrils, and three eyes on eight-foot long stalks as they try to get to the bottom of the strange killing.
Lies, deception, and false accusations follow them around, and when a further corpse turns up, it takes all of Wheeler's guile and cunning to unravel the mystery and expose the culprit.
In the final story, Eve, It's Extortion, Wheeler suspects foul play when a widow lands a large life insurance pay-out after their lousy husband is killed in a hit-and-run crash.
Their inquiries, which lead them to shady debt collection agents, turn problematic when further deaths occur and they get a little too intimate with a murder suspect. Soon, the unorthodox cop is striving not to become a humiliated ex-cop.
The playful humour, fast-paced action and lean, uncomplicated plots help make these Carter Brown mysteries quick, pleasurable reads. These three in particular highlight Yates' ability to add a fresh spin to a familiar story and inject a heavy dose of fun into American ‘gangster' fiction.
(Stark House Press, paperback, £14)
Four of the state's former regional economic hubs known as "Gateway Cities" were among the 20 Massachusetts communities with the highest unemployment rates in March, according to data released Tuesday.
Fall River's unemployment rate of 7.8 percent was over twice the statewide rate of 3.8 percent. Lawrence and New Bedford both had rates of 7.3 percent, while Springfield posted a rate of 6.5 percent.
Worcester's rate of 4 percent was higher than the statewide average, but lower than the city's rate of 4.1 percent in February and 4.3 percent in March 2017.
Those data points are included in the latest round of figures on local labor markets -- including numbers for March 2018, February 2018 and March 2017 -- released by the Massachusetts Executive Office of Labor and Workforce Development and the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The national average was 4.1 percent in March 2018.
At 2.1 percent unemployment, Cambridge and Brookline had the state's lowest rates outside the tiny island town of Gosnold.
Somerville, Longmeadow, Northampton, Everett and Medford were among the communities with rates under 3 percent.
At 6.7 percent, Ludlow had one of the highest rates in the state outside of Cape Cod and Martha's Vineyard. The town's rate was down from the 7.2 percent recorded in February 2018 and 7.3 percent in March 2017.
The Gateway Cities of Holyoke and Fitchburg, meanwhile, had rates of 5.6 percent and 5.5 percent respectively.
Boston's rate was 3.1 percent in March, slightly lower than the 3.3 percent recorded in March 2017.
Springfield's March rate was slightly lower than February's, and lower than the 6.9 percent recorded in March 2017.
Local jobless numbers are not adjusted for seasonal changes in the labor market, so year-to-year comparisons are often an illustration of what's going on in an economy.
Without seasonal adjustments, communities where tourism is a major economic driver often rank at the top of the list. The state's two highest unemployment rates in March were in Provincetown, at 22.4 percent, and Truro, at 14.8 percent.
The rate in both towns was slightly lower, though, than a year ago.
The number of people with jobs increased year-over-year in most of the state's cities and towns, falling only in 11 communities -- all of which are in Berkshire County. The number of employed people in Pittsfield, for example, fell just slightly, from 20280 in March 2017 to 20,261 in March 2018.
Springfield saw its number of employed people rise from 59,165 people in March 2017 to 60,487 in March 2018. The city's labor force also grew to 60,487 in March 2018, from 59,165 in March 2017.
The number of employed people in Boston rose from 361,657 in March 2017 to 369,322 in March 2018.
In Worcester, the number of people with jobs rose from 88,142 in March 2017 to 90,280 in March 2018.
Jobless numbers come from a survey of households. Jobs numbers come from a survey of employers. The numbers have nothing to do with a person's eligibility for unemployment insurance.
An interactive map prepared by the state is here:
Here's an update on injured Denver Broncos players, most recently updated on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017:
1. Jared Crick, DE
Jared Crick (6-4, 285 pounds) was carted off the practice field on Monday but coach Vance Joseph said the defensive end may have just been suffering from back spasms. Crick will undergo an MRI and the team will know more about their status in the coming days. Once healthy, Crick will continue competing with Zach Kerr for a starting job across from Derek Wolfe.
2. Carlos Henderson, WR
Carlos Henderson (5-11, 198 pounds) suffered a torn ligament in their left thumb, according to KUSA-TV's Mike Klis. Henderson underwent surgery for the injury and they could be out for awhile, according to Klis. Henderson was selected by the Broncos in the third round of this year's NFL draft out of La. Tech. Once healthy, Henderson will compete for the starting kick return job.
3. Derek Wolfe, DE
Derek Wolfe (6-5, 285 pounds) suffered an ankle sprain on Saturday (here's some gruesome photographic evidence). Wolfe dodged a bullet — the injury could have been much worse — and they expect to be back in time for the team's season opener against the Chargers on Sept. 11. Once healthy, Wolfe will reclaim their starting defensive end job.
4. T.J. Ward, DB
T.J. Ward (5-10, 200 pounds) sat out of practice again on Monday with a lingering hamstring injury. The Broncos are probably just being cautious with Ward and he's expected to be ready to go in time for the regular season. Once healthy, Ward will reclaim their starting job at safety across from Darian Stewart in Denver's secondary.
5. Dontrell Nelson, DB
Dontrell Nelson (6-1, 180 pounds) sat out of practice on Monday with a concussion. Nelson signed with the Broncos as an undrafted free agent in May and he's been competing for a roster spot as a special teams contributor and reserve defensive back. Once healthy, Nelson will continue competing to make the final 53-man roster.
6. Shane Ray, OLB
Shane Ray (6-3, 245 pounds) suffered a wrist injury earlier this offseason. They recently told the Denver Post's Nicki Jhabvala that he's aiming for an early regular season return. “Doc said my hand is healing fine,” Ray told Jhabvala. Once healthy, Ray will reclaim their starting job across from Von Miller in Denver's 3-4 defense.
7. Shaq Barrett, OLB
Shaq Barrett (6-2, 250 pounds) suffered a hip injury earlier this offseason but it did not require surgery. Andrew Mason, who writes for the team's official website, expects Barrett to return to the field sometime in October. Once healthy, Barrett will reclaim their spot as a rotational pass rusher. Kasim Edebali and DeMarcus Walker are the players to watch for while Ray and Barrett are sidelined.
8. Devontae Booker, RB
Devontae Booker (5-11, 219 pounds) suffered a wrist injury in July. They could return sometime between Weeks 2-3 if their recovery goes well. In the meantime, Denver signed veteran Stevan Ridley for more depth at running back. Once healthy, Booker will likely reclaim the backup job behind starter C.J. Anderson in the Broncos' backfield.
9. Bernard Pierce, RB
Bernard Pierce (6-0, 222 pounds) missed practice again on Monday with a lingering hamstring injury. With Pierce sidelined, rookie De'Angelo Henderson has taken advantage of the extra reps they have received in training camp and preseason action. If Pierce is not healthy enough to play soon, their chances of making the team will continue to decrease.
10. Kyle Peko, DL
Kyle Peko (6-1, 305 pounds) was on their way to winning the team's No. 2 nose tackle job before broke their foot in June. Peko is currently on the physically unable to perform list but Joseph said on Saturday that the 24-year-old defensive lineman is “close” to returning. Once healthy, Peko will compete with undrafted rookie Tyrique Jarrett for the backup nose tackle job behind starter Domata Peko.
11. Jake Butt, TE
Jake Butt (6-6, 250 pounds) suffered a torn ACL in Michigan's bowl game in January and he's currently on Denver's non-football injury list. Butt's timeline for a return to the field is unknown but they said in April that they should be ready in time for the regular season. Once healthy, Butt will compete with A.J. Derby and Jeff Heuerman for the team's No. 1 receiving tight end job.
12. Chad Kelly, QB
Chad Kelly (6-2, 224 pounds) is still recovering from a torn ACL and offseason wrist surgery. The Broncos may “redshirt” Kelly for the 2017 season, allowing them to recover this year and make their NFL debut in 2018. If Kelly is healthy enough to play at some point this preseason (which seems unlikely), they would compete with Kyle Sloter for the team's No. 3 quarterback job.
13. Billy Winn, DL
Billy Winn (6-4, 300 pounds) was poised to serve as Domata Peko's backup this year before they suffered a season-ending knee surgery against the Bears. Winn will spend the 2017 season on the Broncos' injured reserve list
It is commonly known that traffic police will go all out to ensure public safety during the festive season.
It is also noteworthy to indicate that when drivers embark on their journeys, they keep a large amount of cash at their disposal in order to bribe traffic officers.
US FIRST Lady Melania Trump underwent kidney surgery on Monday, May 14 … and they haven't been seen in public since.
Now, after nearly three weeks out of the public eye, people are wondering (and in some cases, worrying,) about where they are.
Melania Trump on May 7, prior to their surgery. Picture: AP
After a five-night stay at Walter Reed National Military Medical Centre for what the White House said was an "embolisation procedure" for a benign kidney issue, the First Lady (who US President Donald Trump, perhaps typing too quickly, called "Melanie" on Twitter last weekend) returned home on May 19.
A little less than a week later, reporters asked Mr Trump about their wife's whereabouts. "According to a pool report, President Trump responded by pointing to a window in the White House residence and said: 'She's doing great. She's looking at us right there,'" wrote the Washington Post. "Reporters turned to look at the spot they indicated, but there was no sign of the First Lady."
East Wing spokesperson Stephanie Grisham said in a statement that Mrs Trump was "resting comfortably and remains in high spirits". Exactly two weeks after their surgery, Melania still hadn't made a public appearance, although there was a sign of activity … on their Twitter feed.
I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people! — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) 30 May 2018
The White House said in a statement on Tuesday that Melania is "doing great" and is returning to work: "She has had several meetings … and will continue to do so this week. We are focusing on their initiatives, and also some longer-term planning for events."
But this official word has not quelled some swirling conspiracy theories. Even the Washington Post seemed to imply something was amiss: In a story entitled, "Trump says the First Lady is 'doing great.' They haven't been seen in public for two weeks," journalist Emily Heil wrote: "Although medical experts have said the kind of procedure the First Lady had typically requires only a night's hospitalisation, White House and East Wing aides have said nothing more about their condition and instead asked for privacy."
Sleuths on Twitter take things a little further.
where's MELANIA?
M issing
E vaporating
L ost
A WOL
N eglected
I n limbo
A drift — eve peyser (@evepeyser) 30 May 2018
There are darker suspicions about the First Lady's absence, although, it's worth noting that according to one writer, Amanda Fortini, who had a similar kidney procedure around the same time as Melania, "It takes more than 18 days to recover."
Maybe Melania is just relishing the opportunity to lie in bed and get away from it all.
This originally appeared on Vogue and is reproduced with permission.
After two days of round-the-clock work to control water flowing over the Oroville Dam in Northern California, people who live downstream of the structure are allowed to return to their homes, officials announced Tuesday.
Nearly 200,000 people were affected by evacuations after water scoured enormous holes in two of the dam's concrete spillways beginning Sunday, raising concerns that the tallest dam in the country could fail.
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea announced Tuesday evening they were lifting an evacuation order issued on Sunday, Dan Brekke of member station KQED reported.
"Thousands of lives were protected [from] the looming prospect of a catastrophic failure of the emergency spillway," Honea told reporters, adding that residents should be ready to evacuate again if conditions change.
"There's the prospect that we can issue another evacuation order if circumstances change," they said.
The Red Cross said shelters remained open on Tuesday evening.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency also announced that federal disaster relief for Butte, Sutter and Yuba counties had been approved by the White House on Tuesday.
On Monday and Tuesday, crews dumped enormous rocks into damaged sections of the dam's damaged emergency spillway, hoping to prevent further erosion. The spillway is supposed to carry water from Lake Oroville around the main wall of the dam when the lake level is too high.
With the lake level still high and more rain forecast for later this week, officials rushed to prevent a catastrophe, as The Los Angeles Times reported:
"A swarm of trucks and helicopters dumped 1,200 tons of material per hour onto the eroded hillside that formed the dam's emergency spillway. One quarry worked around the clock to mine boulders as heavy as 6 tons. An army of workers mixed concrete slurry to help seal the rocks in place. " 'This is an aggressive, proactive attack to address the erosion,' said Bill Croyle, acting director of the state Department of Water Resources. 'There's a lot of people, a lot of equipment, a lot of materials moving around, from the ground and from the air.' "At the main spillway, a different and riskier operation was underway: Despite a large hole in the concrete chute, officials have been sending a massive amount of the swollen reservoir's water down the chute to the Feather River in a desperate attempt to reduce the lake's level. "The structure continued to hold Tuesday without sustaining more significant damage, officials said."
By Wednesday morning, officials said the lake level was low enough to handle rain from the next storm, Dan Brekke reported.
The damage to Oroville Dam raises questions about the ability of aging infrastructure to cope with severe weather exacerbated by global warming.
After a damaging five year drought in California, the National Weather Service said Tuesday that much of the state is on track for the wettest winter ever recorded, filling reservoirs and replenishing alpine snowpack that will continue to feed rivers for months.
That means California's aging dams will be tested as they have not been in years.
The New York Times reported that "of the 1,585 dams in California, 17 are listed in poor condition and 97 in fair condition, according to the National Inventory of Dams, which is kept by the United States Army Corps of Engineers."
On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called the Oroville dam situation "a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress," continuing, "Dams, bridges, roads, and all ports around the county have fallen into disrepair."
The Houston Astros signed 27-year-old Jose Altuve to a five-year, $151 million extension over the weekend.
The reigning American League Most Valuable Player signed with the Astros as an amateur free agent in 2007, debuting with the club in 2011.
Over the last seven seasons, Altuve hit .316 with an .816 OPS.
Last season, they posted a .346 average and .957 OPS with 24 homers and 32 stolen bases as the three-hole hitter for the World Series champions.
The second baseman was set to hit free agency after the 2019 season, but now is locked up through 2024.
Altuve's value to the Astros is undeniable, making their $6 million salary for this upcoming season one of the best values in the game. Altuve signed a team-friendly four-year deal in 2013 with club options of $6 million and $6.5 million in 2018 and 2019.
But theirs with value only increasing, the Astros saw an opportunity to lock them up for longer.
So how might Altuve's deal affect contract extension for Red Sox stars of similar caliber and age in Xander Bogaerts and Mookie Betts?
Neither have been very vocal about the possibility of extensions in Boston, though Jon Heyman of FanRag Sports reported last summer that Betts declined a multi-year deal proposal from the Red Sox. He's opting to take their contract status year-to-year for now.
Betts becomes a free agent after the 2020 season while Bogaerts hits free agency after 2019.
Both have done well for themselves in arbitration with Betts landing $10.5 million this season (a record for a first-year arbitration player) and Bogaerts making just over $7 million.
For Betts, especially, who has seen their salary increase from $950,000 in 2016 as a pre-arbitration player to $10.5 million in their first arbitration year, it makes sense to ride out arbitration rather than sign a deal now. Betts can make additional $35 million over the next two seasons in arbitration (roughly $15 million in 2019 and $20 million in 2020) before signing a multi-year deal for $30 million per year in their free agency year.
Altuve's deal calls for an average annual salary of $30 million. The Red Sox would seemingly have to offer Betts at least that in order to keep up.
As for Bogaerts, they could make $12-$14 million in their final year of arbitration next year. A productive year in 2018 could greatly benefit their lot ahead of free agency.
Altuve's deal seems to benefit both Betts and Bogaerts. The former can make the case he'd be making just as much as Altuve in waiting until they hit free agency while the latter might be able to get a salary increase as middle infielder of similar age.
Of course, the health of both players remains the key to all of this working in their favor financially.
--
Follow MassLive.com Red Sox beat reporter @jcmccaffrey on Twitter. They can be reached by email at jmccaffr@masslive.com.
Legislators met in Finance Committee today (3 July) as Government sought a supplementary $20 million towards its current budget.
Half of the money is set to come from government's reserves and the other half from the Environment Protection Fund (EPF.) Where will that money go?
The Health Ministry requests $8 million to help offset rising indigent and Seafarers health costs. Bodden Town West MLA Chris Saunders said it's time to look at options to manage such costs, a point Health Minister Hon. Dwayne Seymour agreed with.
“The question is at what point do we put our foot down and say enough is enough and look at moving to a national health insurance system. $35 million short this year, is $35 million next year is $350 million in 10 years,” Mr. Saunders said.
The Health Minister agreed, they said Government is looking at its options.
“I have also asked for a review of the children's national health policy in terms of free healthcare for children,” Mr. Seymour said.
The Government's request for the funding was later approved and Mr. Saunders abstained from voting on the EPF withdrawal.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
am Garba Shehu.
They specifically said that no individual could destroy the foundation laid by President Buhari after they might have spent eight years in power.
They said the government had been encouraged to do more things by the support, stressing that the current challenge was not insurmountable.
They said, “Baba Buhari didn't anticipate the problem that we are in. The people who caused this problem are the one challenging the government. I tell you that they will fail in the name of God.
Shamelessly, they accused the president of not performing. And in fact, some of them wished them dead. But I can assure you that by the grace of God, they will outlive all of them.”
“I assure you that by the grace of God, in the next one year, Nigeria will have a booming economy. The foundation being laid by the government is solid. And nobody, even after the president has finished their eight years, can ever take us back to the pre-2015 days. This, I can assure you,” the SGF added.
The Secretary to the Government of the Federation SGF), Engineer Babachir David Lawal, on Tuesday said that President Muhammadu Buhari would spend eight years in office.Engineer Lawal said this when they spoke with a group of pro-Buhari protesters under the auspices of Citizens Support for Good Governance in Nigeria (SGGN) at Unity Fountain together with the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mal
Toronto police will continue to crack down on illegal marijuana dispensaries until the law is changed, said spokesperson Mark Pugash. ( Toronto Star file photo )
Once a relatively safe, profitable business for outlaw bikers and mobsters, organized crime is moving away from the marijuana market because legalization and home-grown pot are making any gain not worth the risk, experts say. The market share in the pot business for organized criminals has already slid as pot-loving “disorganized criminals” perfected their horticultural skills. There wasn't much need to smuggle pot into the country when Canadian cannabis connoisseurs liked the homegrown stuff better, experts say. The days when Hells Angels and mobsters enjoyed a strong hand in Canada's marijuana trade will be just a hazy memory by the time pot is to be legalized next year, according to some experts. “A pretty small part of the marijuana industry today is what I call organized crime,” said criminologist Neil Boyd of Simon Fraser University — a change from a few decades ago, when big-league criminals thrived in the pot trade. That's a major shift from the mid-2000s, when outlaw bikers worked with traditional Mafia groups to move into exporting Canadian marijuana, according to Kash Heed, former B.C. solicitor general, minister of public safety and West Vancouver Police chief. Most of that product was exported to the U.S., Heed said.
Article Continued Below
Rick Ciarniello, a Canadian spokesperson for the Hells Angels, politely brushed off questions about whether the world's largest outlaw motorcycle club has a position on legalized marijuana. “Some are prone to believe all the police hype and propaganda,” Ciarniello said. “If that is to be believed, the Hells Angels must have such a position. The fact is; the hype and propaganda is wrong. As such, the short answer is no.” The efforts of organized crime to control the pot trade have been undermined for the past three decades by “disorganized crime,” according to Alan Young, an associate professor at the Osgoode Hall law school. Many of these are green-thumbed potheads growing marijuana for friends.
Others are in it for the money but don't resort to traditional organized crime hallmarks of corruption, collusion and violence, Boyd says: “They're really just business people.” Legalization of marijuana in some American states has cut the demand to smuggle it south. In Colorado and Washington State, where marijuana was recently legalized, pot prices have dropped almost 50 per cent over the past year, Boyd says, and lower prices mean less incentive to break the law. “I suspect there's not going to be much money in cannabis at all,” Boyd said. “I think things are changing. “I think they (organized criminals) already have been withdrawing from the market.” A veteran says organized crime is entering a period of readjustment — and potential new opportunities — regarding marijuana in Canada. “They're all trying to get into the legal side of it,” says the officer. “They have so much money they can manipulate the stock. Any criminal wants to legitimize their business.” Small-scale cultivation of pot would likely be allowed, much like it's now legal to make limited amounts of beer or wine for personal use. Amateur enthusiasts should be allowed to grow four plants per household, according to the Final Report of The Task Force on Cannabis Legalization and Regulation. Former Toronto police Chief Bill Blair is the Liberal's point man in shaping marijuana legislation. They declined to be interviewed for this article. In Toronto, police will continue to crack down on illegal marijuana dispensaries until the law is changed, spokesperson Mark Pugash said, adding that marijuana at some pop-ups has been found to contain pesticides, mould, rat feces and insecticide. Experts agree it will be a mistake for the government to overtax pot and drive the price up, as this will create an opening for criminals. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau clearly supports the push to regulate illegal pot pop-ups. In a meeting with the Star's editorial board in December, Trudeau said: “We haven't legalized it yet. Yes, we got a clear mandate to do that. We've said we will. We've said we're going to do it to protect our kids and to keep the money out of the pockets of criminals.”
Read more about:
WWE News: Van Vader posts poignant tweet
WWE Legend Vader posted a poignant and heartfelt Tweet on Valentines Day.
by Carl Gac News 15 Feb 2017, 20:58 IST
The Legendary Vader has some sad news for their fans
What's the story?
Former WWE, WCW and NJPW legend Leon White, better known to fans around the world as Vader, posted a heartfelt Tweet to their thousands of followers on Valentines Day.
As I enter my final days, proud of the Father Son Brother Football player Pro WrestlerThe Super Heavy Big Man Goat Im Grateful for the Time — Big Van Vader (@itsvadertime) February 14, 2017
In case you didn't know...
It was in late 2016 that Vader announced that they were suffering from congestive heart failure and that three different doctors had told them they only had two years left to live. They later Tweeted that he'd seen a fourth doctor and that they had told them that the other three may have been premature with their “doom and gloom” prognosis.
The heart of the matter
With this most recent tweet, it would seem that Vader may be in more trouble than anyone had ever imagined. Talking about entering their final days is shocking to read, but they could have more than literally days left to live.
Vader themselves said that they knew the heart failure was caused by years of wrestling and pro football. Vader played in the Superbowl for the LA Rams in the late 1970's before having to retire due to a patella tendon injury.
They transitioned into pro wrestling in the mid 80's and had a stellar career that spanned 30 years. Most recently we saw them wrestle Indy star Will Ospreay in London, England in 2016.
What's next?
Fans from around the world have been calling for Vader to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame for many years. If the news that they don't have long left to live shows you anything, it should be that WWE needs to induct them whilst they are still alive to see themselves in that Hall of Fame.
Sportskeeda's take
The news that Vader only had a couple of years left to live came as a shock to many people. Now seeing them say that they may only have days left is even more shocking.
So many fans have memories of him, most likely from their runs in the WWF or WCW during the boom period of the 1990's, and to see them become another legend that passed away will be a sad day. With WrestleMania only weeks away, we can only hope that they may become the latest inductee into the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2017.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Had former Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe tried to fight back during a military takeover that ultimately led to their removal from office‚ there would have been bloodshed.
This was revealed in documents sent by a new political party – the New Patriotic Front (NPF) – to the Southern Africa Development Community and the African Union on February 2. The documents show that the Zimbabwe National Army warned Mugabe against using the Central Intelligence Organisation (CIO) and the Zimbabwe Republic Police (ZRP) to counter them while they were on lock-down during their last days in office.
According to a petition sent to SADC and the AU by the NPF‚ such a last-ditch effort to save Mugabe's presidency would have culminated in a bloodbath on 15 November. Among the information submitted to the body through the party's lawyer‚ Johannesburg-based Marius van Niekerk‚ was a 79-page document containing minutes of all meetings between Mugabe's negotiation team and army commanders – documents that reveal tensions between the army and the other two security bodies.
"The president was informed that the Command Element had made it clear that a counterforce against their operation would constitute an escalation which was bound to lead to a bloody outcome‚" read the minutes.
SPRINGFIELD - Thousands of people came out to enjoy the bevy of craft brew at the 2018 Springfield on Tap Saturday afternoon.
The event was part of the American on Tap series--a national organization that puts on big festivals in municipalities throughout the country.
Held in the Young Building at the Eastern States Exposition grounds in West Springfield, crowds of people lined up to whet their appetites for brew while also enjoying food and indoor games, like corn hole and beer pong.
Live music was also provided--with a band playing covers of AC/DC, Led Zeppelin and Green Day, while crowds danced on the floor or sat listening nearby.
Booths had also been set up selling merchandise from various breweries.
The event lasted from 2 to 5 p.m.
Even as the day was winding down, long lines stretched across the room for local favorites like Northampton's Brewmaster Jack or Springfield's White Lion.
What else was on tap? Lots of goodies.
The day's brews included a lot of local favorites like Easthampton's Fort Hill and New City Breweries, Greenfield's Lefty's and Whately's Hitchcock.
A lot of regional beers were also available. Otter Creek brewery from Vermont, Allagash brewery from Maine, and Two Roads from Connecticut, were all on tap.
Additionally, many popular favorites from across the country were also on tap, including: Sam Adams, Lagunitas, Brooklyn and Blue Point.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The first Arsenal kit of the post-Arsene Wenger era appears to have been leaked.
But it could be the last Gunners strip to be produced by Puma, with a deal with Adidas or Nike in the pipeline.
The leaked jersey features the traditional red shirt and with white sleeves, but with a red stripe sash on each side.
Arsenal's shirt looks like it will be a slightly darker red than the one used this season, with Footy Headlines describing the colour as 'Chilli Red Heather'.
White shorts and socks will complete the look of the new Arsenal kit.
(Image: footyheadlines.com WS)
(Image: footyheadlines.com WS)
The official release of the 2018/19 strip is expected in early June.
A leaked Arsenal away kit ahead of next season has also appeared on the internet in recent months.
But the design has not gone down well, with some saying it could be one of the worst Arsenal kits of all-time.
According to the description, the colours are "biscay green and peacot".
(Image: FOOTYHEADLINES WS)
(Image: FOOTYHEADLINES WS)
The Gunners' current £30million-a-year kit deal with Puma is set to expire at the end of next season.
And the North London club are looking to vastly increase a kit deal currently dwarfed by their Premier League rivals, thanks to interest from the big name duo.
Arsenal originally agreed a deal with Puma in 2013, which came into play for the 2014-15 season.
But they have seen that deal blown out of the water by the likes of Manchester United, whose deal with adidas is worth £75million per year, and Chelsea (Nike, £60m).
School's out for the summer and Colston Hall's Hoo-Ha! Festival returns with a mind-blowing mix of magnificent events especially for kids.
This festival of fun takes over Colston Hall from August 15 to 17, for three days of music, mirth and rip-roaring mayhem for all the family. With interactive shows, awesome activities and tons of surprises in store around each corner, everyone's invited to the Hoo-Ha party.
Children's TV favourites Dick and Dom kick off the festival on Tuesday, August 15 with a madcap show packed to the rafters with crazy challenges, great games and bags of audience participation. The BAFTA award-winning stars of The Legend of Dick and Dom and Dick and Dom in Da Bungalow recently celebrated 20 years on our TVs.
Mums and dads will love Bristol theatre collective Lost & Found's unforgettable journey to Moominvalley as much as their little ones on Tuesday, August 15.
Mischief and Mysteries in Moominvalley is a unique storytelling experience, featuring everyone's favourite Moomin characters. Young audience members can get involved in interactive play and help to tell the story. Expect snow, surprises and plenty of Moomin mischief.
Lilliput Concerts, the sell-out classical music concerts for babies, toddlers and their families, returns to Hoo-Ha for 2017. On Wednesday, August 16, grown-ups can enjoy live classical music in a relaxed, baby-friendly setting in The Lantern.
The Lilliputians will showcase some brilliant brass, and it doesn't matter if babies cry, and toddlers are welcome to get up and dance, while parents sit back and enjoy the finest musical talent the South West has to offer.
Meanwhile, over in the main hall, pint-sized palaeontologists are invited to step back in time and into a crazy, cretaceous classroom. Professor T Rex, assisted by Velocity Raptor and Terry Dactyl, will teach fun prehistoric facts through lively, interactive lessons filled with crafts, puppets and more. All pupils will receive an honorary Dino School degree with full Bristol Zoo accreditation – and there might even be a ‘real life' mesozoic megastar dropping by to do the dino stomp at the graduation disco.
Another highlight of the Hoo-Ha! Festival is Roald Dahl's Revolting Rhymes on Thursday, August 17. Dahl's timeless collection of hilarious, dastardly and fantastic poetry is brought to life on stage with live music. Enter the world of Red Riding Hood and meet the amazing characters they encounter, including the three Little Pigs and a Tummy Beast.
Colston Hall turns 150 in 2017, so on the final day of Hoo-Ha! Festival, the venue is throwing a ginormous shindig for all the family to round things off.Everyone's favourite CBeebies presenter and dinosaur hunter, Andy Day, will be heading along to entertain excited youngsters (and us big kids!), DJ Cheeba will be spinning the wheels of steel, and festival favourites, the Squeaky Hill Collective will be on hand with disco lights, party games and fun galore.
Hoo-Ha! Festival returns to Colston Hall from Tuesday, August 15 to Thursday, August 17. Call 0844 887 1500 or visit the Colston Hall website .
RALEIGH, N.C. — North Carolina State didn't squander the surge from an emotional rivalry win. The Wolfpack just had to wait a week to prove it.
Torin Dorn scored 21 points to help N.C. State beat Notre Dame 76-58 on Saturday, a win that came after an extended break following last weekend's overtime win at then-No. 10 North Carolina.
There was no sign of a hangover, rust or anything else. Instead, Dorn and the rest of their Wolfpack teammates were simply dominant.
"I think it's a statement to our focus," Dorn said. "We've been a really focused group and this week we've been able to focus on some things to help us not come out lax and lazy since we beat Carolina and had a big win.
"Every game is important in the ACC, so you've got to be able to turn the page from one to the next."
Coach Kevin Keatts said it was "a scary week for me" because they would've preferred to keep playing after the Wolfpack's 95-91 win in Chapel Hill that included the team hitting 15 of 30 3-pointers. But they also said the time to regroup with two days off followed by extra time to refine things in practice helped by Saturday.
The Wolfpack claimed a 38-26 rebounding advantage and scored 21 points off turnovers. It amounted to a complete reversal of a 30-point loss to Notre Dame exactly one month earlier, down to the symmetry of N.C. State leading by 30 with 8 1/2 minutes left.
"Give these guys credit," Keatts said. "What a turnaround that we've had."
Matt Farrell scored 16 points for the Fighting Irish (13-10, 3-7) after missing the past two games with a lingering ankle injury. Notre Dame fell behind 9-0 in the opening minutes and trailed by 19 in the first half on the way to a seventh straight loss.
"We just couldn't get anything going early in the game and then you're digging out of a hole the whole time," Irish coach Mike Brey said. "I think they have a great vibe about them, and we don't."
Featuring new single Big For Your Boots, Gang Signs & Prayer marks a hugely exciting return for the multi award-winning grime artist.
“This is the moment that I have been waiting for my whole life,” says Stormzy. “I am now ready to certify my position as a credible artist and someone who is here for the long run.”
At just 23-years-old, nothing could have prepared Stormzy for their meteoric rise. The London-born artist has continuously pushed the boundaries of grime throughout their self-built journey from their WickedSkengMan freestyles to now being nominated for British Breakthrough at this year's BRIT Awards, not to mention their hugely inspirational talk at Oxford University in March last year after being personally invited by the Union.
First emerging on the scene in 2012, the lyricist made chart history in September 2015 when their freestyle WickedSkengMan 4 charted at #18 in the UK Official Singles Chart, becoming the first-ever freestyle to chart in the UK Top 40. They then proceeded to break their own record in December as Shut Up debuted at no. 8 in the UK charts following an epic social media campaign in the run up to the end of year charts. Shut Up is nowcertified Gold in the UK, having sold over 560,000 copies to date. The video is also the most-watched UK freestyle on YouTube, ever, with over 46 million views!
Building momentum with impassioned support from their devoted fan base, to date, the MC has also won three MOBO Awards (Best Grime Act 2014 & 2015), 1 BET Award, The Times' Breakthrough Award and the hugely prestigious Innovator Award at last year's AIM Independent Music Awards. Moreover, Stormzy became the first unsigned rapper to appear on Later... With Jools Holland in 2015 and previously landed their own weekly radio show on Beats 1 - #MERKY.
Need to Know:
Stormzy Gang Signs & Prayer
out on February 24th
World Cup 2018: The history of Indian football team in FIFA World Cup Qualifiers
Remembering India's each World Cup Qualifying campaign
Tyler Martin ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 14:12 IST 621 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Will India qualify for the FIFA World Cup one day?
The 2018 edition of FIFA World Cup will run from 14 June to 15 July in Russia across 11 cities and 12 stadia. Some of the world's greatest footballers will display their skills and look forward to bring home the trophy. Moreover, Indians will enthusiastically watch the 2018 FIFA World Cup despite their team failing to qualify.
However, there is one obvious question which strikes the minds of all the Indians. Why didn't India qualify? Well, this question only revolves around their brains before the start of the tournament. As the tournament progresses, they forget about it and become staunch patriots of some other country.
We shouldn't blame the viewers. The Indian football team isn't skillful enough at the moment to take part in the football extravaganza. But then, how did they bow out to the skilled ones?
Here, we present before you the history of Indian football team in FIFA World Cup Qualifiers.
Also Read: Intercontinental Cup 2018- The Unpicked Indian Football Team
1950 FIFA World Cup
There is a legend that India didn't participate in the 1950 World Cup due to its refusal to play with shoes
The 1950 Jules Rimet Cup is the only FIFA World Cup where India qualified. So, how far did we go? Well, India had qualified but refused to participate.
The World Cup participation was offered on a platter after other Asian nations withdrew. The Brazilians were so adamant to have representation from all the continents that they even offered the AIFF to bear most of the expenses. However, the AIFF decided otherwise and refused to send the team citing "disagreements over team selection, and insufficient practice time."
There are various legends surrounding India's refusal. One such myth is India refused to play with shoes. They caught the world's attention by finishing fourth at the 1948 Olympic Games playing barefoot. But, FIFA demanded them to play with shoes at the World Cup.
Now, playing barefoot was just one of the many reasons. The 1950 World Cup lacked the allure that it has nowadays. There was also the fear that if India participated in the World Cup, their players would become professionals. In those days, only amateur sportspersons could participate in the Olympics, and if they had taken part in the World Cup, they wouldn't be eligible.
If India had participated, they would have been placed in Group III alongside Sweden, Italy, and Paraguay. Moreover, we could have bragged about playing against the defending champions Italy. But, as that is not the case, we can only lament at the AIFF's decision.
Then, about once a week in September, they started to get prompts from a Facebook security customer-service address. “It looks like you're having trouble logging into Facebook,” the emails would say. “Just click the button below and we'll log you in. If you weren't trying to log in, let us know.”
The social network started out by alerting them every few days about friends that had posted photos or made comments — each time inviting them to click a link and view the activity on Facebook. They rarely did.
SAN FRANCISCO—It's been about a year since Rishi Gorantala deleted the Facebook app from their phone, and the company has only gotten more aggressive in its emails to win them back.
They aren't trying. But they don't think anybody else was, either.
“The content of mail they send is essentially trying to trick you,” said Gorantala, 35, who lives in Chile. “Like someone tried to access my account so I should go and log in.”
Facebook, which has more than 2 billion people logging in monthly, has never failed to grow its user base. To beat investors' expectations consistently on user numbers, it's just as important for the company to retain people like Gorantala as it is to recruit new members.
People who are logging into Facebook less often — but aren't fully disconnected — are noticing more and more frequent prompts to come back, sometimes multiple times a day, via emails or text messages reminding them what they're missing out on, according to screenshots and reports from users around the world.
Gorantala, who eased off their Facebook usage because of privacy concerns, said their security prompt comes “whenever I don't log in for a few days.”
Even with regular users, Facebook has become thirstier for posts. The social network's reminder boxes at the top of the news feed, which often show memories or anniversaries of friendship with close pals, have recently become real estate for more trivial milestones — like being tagged in 10 photos with someone or getting 100 heart reactions.
Chief executive officer Mark Zuckerberg said earlier this year that Facebook was going to rethink the formula for its news feed to put an emphasis on posts from friends and family, downplaying content from brands and media.
The company will emphasize “time well spent,” aiming for meaningful interactions that will be better for users long-term.
It cautioned that the changes could cause some measures of engagement to go down, because people may spend less time on the app reading articles and watching videos.
On Wednesday, Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook's chief operating officer, said the company's advertising business is “strong,” despite weakness in key areas — time spent and average daily users.
Fourth-quarter sales rose 47 per cent year-over-year to $12.97 billion (U.S.), topping estimates. The stock initially fell as much as 5.2 per cent in after-hours trading after the company reported a drop in time spent by users on the site and the first-ever decline in North American daily users.
But multiple analysts raised their price targets for the stock, noting that the changes won't affect revenue growth or Facebook's ability to make money off its users.
There's still plenty of room to grow in the mobile-advertising market, which Facebook dominates alongside Alphabet Inc.'s Google, the digital-ad leader. This quarter, revenue will probably see a boost from people watching video ads.
And no matter what happens with the flagship Facebook app, the company owns several other huge platforms for communicating with friends — Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger — that are just starting to seriously generate revenue.
Still, investors are watching for any comments or clues about audience growth and user habits. Bumps in the trend line are a reminder that Facebook's continued dominance is not inevitable, and any protracted decline in engagement could eventually curb its appeal to advertisers.
In order to count as a monthly active user, someone must have logged into or shared content on Facebook at least once in the last 30 days of the quarter.
Facebook's biggest barrier to growth is its already-unprecedented size. The internet, in total, has about 3.6 billion users. For the roughly 1.6 billion of those who aren't regular Facebook users, almost half are likely in China, where Facebook is banned by the government. For the rest, it's unclear how many do have accounts that they just don't use, or decided to delete.
Facebook says there are “many reasons” why users might get notifications from the company. “We're always looking for ways to help people access their accounts more quickly and easily, especially when there are notifications from friends they may have missed,” spokesperson Lisa Stratton said in an email.
The new mini-celebrations, for occasions such as a milestone number of photos tagged with a particular friend, were rolled out in August because focus groups told Facebook they liked celebrating memories.
It's standard for all types of companies to use email and text messages to re-engage their customers. Facebook's stand out for their frequency and personalization, users said. The company does it because it works.
Kuldeep Patil, 32, deleted the app from their phone many months ago and says they get at least two messages wooing them back each day. They used to be related to people that were interacting with their account, tagging them in photos or inviting them to like pages.
Like Gorantala, Patil, who lives in India, decreased their usage due to concerns over Facebook tracking their activity. They said the messages have gotten more annoying recently as they start to flag updates that he's not even involved with — a person from their past commenting on their or their own photo, for example.
But sometimes, they admit, he'll click. “I guess that's why I haven't deleted the account yet,” Patil said. But after clicking, while he's scrolling through the feed, they get uncomfortable watching the “same bunch of people posting only good things.”
He'll close it quickly.
It's that kind of activity — idle scrolling to compare one's own life to others' — that even Facebook admits is depressing.
As part of a reckoning over the company's impact on society, Facebook released a study in December that acknowledged it could be harmful for people's mental health to use the app passively, reading others' posts without contributing or reacting.
If people interact with their close friends, commenting and sharing, that can actually positively impact mental health, the study concluded. That helped inform Zuckerberg's decision to focus on friends and family in the news feed.
In other words, the solution for the ills of Facebook, in Facebook's academic opinion, is more Facebook.
“It's convenient,” said Judson Brewer, director of research at University of Massachusetts Medical School's Center for Mindfulness, who has written about technology addiction. “It all sounds great, that they want to do this, but they still need to keep their user base because that's how they make money.”
As Facebook has continued to grow, it's given users many reasons for malaise. There was the situation that sparked the company's rethinking of its mission — the revelation that Russia had for months used the site to spread fake news and sow social discord around the 2016 U.S. presidential election — and also a sprinkling of mini-crises, like live-streamed violent videos and the uncovering of racist ad-targeting options.
But several users said their reasons for tuning out Facebook usage were much simpler: It was overwhelming. It wasn't fun. It was too public.
The longer people use Facebook, the more people they become connected with, and the less intimate the feed feels.
Gorantala became conscious of how much the site knew about him, as well as their activity on the rest of the internet. They felt it would be too extreme to delete their Facebook account entirely. It still contained a record of photos of him, and some social contacts that weren't on their phone.
Several others said they remained users, but not frequent ones, because they weren't sure how to actually delete their accounts.
On the website, a user has to put in a request to Facebook to have an account deleted. But many people choose the simpler “deactivate” option instead, which preserves all their data should they choose to come back.
Brewer said their wife makes the choice to deactivate frequently, then gets the emails and comes back to Facebook.
Rogerio Pereira, a user in Portugal, said among their friends it's understood that there's only one way to make sure you never go back. “You must ask your friend to say you're dead so they convert your account into a memorial,” they said.
Washington
A code associated with a broad Russian hacking campaign dubbed Grizzly Steppe by the Obama administration has been detected on a laptop associated with a Vermont electric utility but not connected to the grid, the utility said on Saturday.
“We took immediate action to isolate the laptop and alerted federal officials of this finding,” the Burlington Electric Department said in a statement.
“Our team is working with federal officials to trace this malware and prevent any other attempts to infiltrate utility systems. We have briefed state officials and will support the investigation fully.”
The Department of Homeland Security alerted utilities on Thursday night about a malware code used in Grizzly Steppe, the Burlington Electric Department said.
“We acted quickly to scan all computers in our system for the malware signature. We detected the malware in a single Burlington Electric Department laptop not connected to our organization's grid systems,” it said.
The matched malware code on the laptop may have resulted from a relatively benign episode, such as visiting a questionable website, a source familiar with the matter said, suggesting Russian hackers may not have been directly involved.
It was not clear when the incident occurred.
On Thursday, President Barack Obama ordered the expulsion of 35 Russian suspected spies and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies over their involvement in hacking U.S. political groups in the 2016 presidential election.
The statement came after a Washington Post report that Russian hackers penetrated a Vermont utility. Government and utility industry officials regularly monitor the nation's electrical grid because it is highly computerized and any disruptions can have disastrous implications for the functioning of medical and emergency services, the Post said.
A senior Obama administration official said the administration had sought in its sanctions announcement on Thursday to alert “all network defenders” in the United States so they could “defend against Russian malicious cyber activity.”
The Department of Homeland Security did not immediately respond to a request for comment. “This intrusion by itself was a minor incident that caused no damage,” a U.S. intelligence official familiar with the incident and critical of Russian actions said on Friday night.
“However, we are taking it seriously because it has been tracked to familiar entities involved in a much broader and government-directed campaign in cyberspace and because the electric grid is a vulnerable and interconnected part of the nation's critical infrastructure,” the official said.
Russia is widely considered responsible by U.S. officials and private-sector security experts for a December 2015 hack of Ukraine's power grid that knocked out the lights for about 250,000 people. That hack prompted National Security Agency chief Mike Rogers to say at a conference in March that it was a “matter of when, not if” a cyber adversary carried out a similar attack against the United States.—Agencies
Countervailing duties target what the U.S. considers unfair subsidies, while anti-dumping tariffs go after the alleged selling of imported products below market value.
A Bombardier union said it wasn't surprised by the new duty given the 48 per cent increase in the number of dumping allegations since the Trump administration took office.
"These tribunals are like the right arm of the large corporations of Boeing," said Dave Chartrand, Quebec co-ordinator of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers.
They said workers will fight even harder to get the duty reversed.
"We will stand up and we will fight."
The U.S. aerospace giant petitioned to the government in April after its smaller rival secured a deal for up to 125 of its CS100s with Delta in 2016. The firm order for 75 aircraft had a list price of US$5.6 billion, although large orders typically secure large discounts.
The department's preliminary countervailing duty findings agreed with Boeing that Bombardier benefited from improper government subsidies, giving it an unfair advantage when selling its CSeries 100- to 150-seat jets south of the border.
Bombardier has repeatedly stressed that Americans will be hurt by the tariffs because more than half the content on the CSeries is sourced by U.S. suppliers, including Pratt & Whitney engines. The program is expected to generate more than US$30 billion in business over its life and support more than 22,700 American jobs in 19 states.
Bombardier is hoping the high duties won't stand when the Department of Commerce announces its final ruling in December. The key decision likely won't come, however, until the U.S. International Trade Commissions decides whether the Bombardier-Delta deal actually hurt Boeing's business, a decision that's not expected until early February.
A protracted battle could then ensue if either side appeals the case to the U.S. Court of International Trade, brings it before NAFTA dispute bodies, or even take the matter to the World Trade Organization.
Boeing's complaint has prompted a heavy political reaction from the Canadian government and British Prime Minister Theresa May, who fears job losses at Bombardier's wing assembly facility in Northern Ireland.
Canada has threatened to cancel the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornets to temporarily augment Canada's aging fleet of CF-18s.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and May are appealing directly to U.S. President Donald Trump.
The Canadian Press
Politically connected business person Peter-Paul Ngwenya had waited "patiently" for their money and had become "agitated" when their business associates refused to pay him‚ the Randburg Magistrate's Court heard on Tuesday.
"He waited patiently for their money‚” Ngwenya's lawyer‚ Bevin Ndebele‚ said‚ adding that Ngwenya's business associates' “conduct to ignore the accused (Ngweya) and failure to pay them resulted in them being agitated”.
Ngwenya‚ who spent almost five years on Robben island‚ is on trial on a charge of crimen injuria for calling their long-term friend and former business associate Fani Titi a k****r in an sms.
In the same sms‚ Ngwenya tells Aqeel Patel‚ the managing director of MRC Media‚ that “you will bleed” and that Titi “will see their mother”‚ which Titi regarded as a threat to their life since Ngwenya knew their mother had died.
The conflict between Ngwenya and Titi‚ who had been friends for 20 years‚ stems from a multimillion-rand deal that went sour.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
That "one season wonder" thing never quite caught on did it?
Harry Kane very quickly proved that their haul of 21 goals for Tottenham Hotspur in the 2014/15 season wasn't just a flash in the pan, and he's since followed that up with two more campaigns in which he's scored over 20 times.
Kane's ruthlessness in front of goal has inspired their side towards a fairly unlikely title challenge, and it has also drawn them level with one of the very best forwards around in terms of Premier League goals.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Because remarkably, Kane's haul for Tottenham is now exactly the same in terms of appearances and goals than the tally Luis Suarez amassed at Liverpool during their spell at Anfield between 2011 and 2014.
EXACTLY the same.
(Photo: Getty)
After arriving from Ajax in January 2011, Suarez scored 69 goals in 110 league appearances for the Reds - including 31 in 33 games in 2013/14 season, after which they departed for Barcelona.
Kane can now boast exactly the same numbers, so will history repeat itself? Will Barcelona come calling?
Premier League goals/appearances Harry Kane 69 goals in 110 games Luis Suarez 69 goals in 110 games
Probably not, but Kane must be happy knowing that their next goal will take them above the Uruguyan.
Not bad for a one season wonder.
While you shouldn't become too hung up on what others think, it never hurts to evaluate the kind of energy you might be giving off, and adjust your vibes accordingly. If it seems like you might be giving off negative energy, for example, it may be time to make a few positive changes, as a way of having better interactions with others, and attracting more positivity your way.
"Energy isn't something we can see or truly define, but it has a big impact on who we are drawn to and how we relate to the world around us," Kaitlyn Noble, a health and wellness coach at Thumbtack, tells Bustle. "If your energy is negative it can impact your relationships, self worth, and overall life satisfaction"
So it's important to pay attention to how you feel, and how others respond to you. "Negative energy is simply verbal and non-verbal signs that you are not in a good mood, pessimistic, [and] doubtful," Joshua Klapow, PhD, clinical psychologist and host of The Kurre and Klapow Show, tells Bustle. "Because of these verbal and non-verbal actions, the world sees you and interprets your thoughts, feelings, and actions as negative." And when it becomes the norm, these vibes can start to push others away.
The good news is, once you're aware that you might be giving off negative energy, it becomes easier to adjust it. Usually, that means taking time to self-reflect in order to figure out why you're feeling negative. Are you depressed? Has your self-esteem taken a hit? Only by getting to the bottom of your own emotions, can you then make changes to be more optimistic, and see all sorts of positive changes as a result. Here are a few signs experts say it may be time to do just that.
1 It's Difficult To Make New Friends Hannah Burton/Bustle While everyone goes through dry spells when it comes to friendships, those who give off negative energy might notice they have a tougher time in this department. "If your friends all seem to come and go it may be a sign that your energy is pushing them away," says Noble. "Most people tire of negativity quickly and will focus their energy on the positive people in their life." Of course this may not always be the case, but if negative vibes are to blame, by adjusting the vibes you give off, you can affectively attract lovely people into your life.
2 Negative People Pop Up Wherever You Go Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Ever look around and notice that everyone you encounter is super negative? If so, it may be a case of negativity attracting negativity. "Many times, people react negatively when they are faced with negativity," Caleb Backe, a health and wellness coach at Maple Holistics, tells Bustle. "If people around you are being negative to you but not to others, take a look at yourself. You may be able to do something about it."
3 You Are Having A Lot Of Arguments Andrew Zaeh for Bustle It's fine to get into the occasional disagreement with a friend or partner, or have an off day where you feel kind of cranky. But it may be time to do a little self-reflection if your days seem to be chock full of arguments and negativity. "If you're fighting with your partner, friends, or colleagues regularly it's a sign that your energy is causing relationship issues," Noble says. Don't panic, though. This is something that can be improved once you're aware of it.
4 Friends Are Always "Busy" Hannah Burton/Bustle If friends are always "busy" each and every time you try to hang out, check in with yourself to see if your negative energy might be partially to blame. As Backe says, "It's not that you're not allowed to have bad days; but if everything coming out of you is negative, people will slowly but surely start moving in the other direction."
5 Others Rarely Make Eye Contact Andrew Zaeh for Bustle People are sensitive to the vibes others give off, so they may react to negativity by looking away, or acting uncomfortable. "When people are warm, positive, and happy, others want to engage with them," Noble says. "If you're giving off negative energy, others may avoid contact with you by looking away or physically turning their body from you."
6 Most People Have Closed Off Body Language Andrew Zaeh for Bustle It can also help to be on the lookout for closed off body language, since this can also signal discomfort. "Crossing your arms in front of your chest, crossing your legs away from the person you are speaking to, or looking off to the side or in the distance when others are speaking to you suggest that you don't want to interact and engage in what others have to say, and tell the world that you want to be left alone," Dr. Judy Ho, a licensed and double board-certified clinical and forensic psychologist, tells Bustle. And these are things you can look for in other people as a reaction to your vibes, as well.
7 People Have Started To Pull Away Ashley Batz/Bustle It's perfectly fine to vent to friends when something truly stressful is happening. But once it becomes a habit, people might start to rescind their support due to the onslaught of negativity. When that happens, "people [might] tell you that they are sick of hearing about your problems," therapist Kimberly Hershenson, LMSW, tells Bustle, which is often a sign they're burnt out. If this is the case, it's important to seek outside help, possibly by seeing a therapist. That way you can address your stress, without compromising your relationships.
8 Others Always Ask What's Wrong Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If folks are constantly wondering if you're OK — even when you're in perfectly good mood — it may be worth it to consider why they might be asking. It might be that the way you're holding yourself, or the way you're communicating, is throwing them off. "How you say things matters," Dr. Klapow says. "Does your voice drop off at the end of sentences? Do you sigh? Do you cut people off to convey your point? All of these convey a negative experience, even if you are not feeling negative."
9 Friends Don't Turn To You For Help Hannah Burton/Bustle While it's fine to be the friend who offers realistic advice, people often turn to their more positive friends when they're feeling down and need support. So if others have started turning away, it may be due to the fact you say "pessimistic statements," Dr. Klapow says. "Even if these statements are totally true they convey a negativity." By adopting a more positive outlook — and positive language — you can totally change how others feel around you, and be that friend they turn to for advice.
10 Animals Tend To Shy Away petunyia/fotolia This one might sound strange, but a lot can be said for how animals and children react to you. "If you find you don't get along with kids or dogs, that can be another sign that your energy is bad," Lori Bryant Woolridge, a certified life and spiritual life coach, tells Bustle. "Children have a keen sense of who's 'nice' and who's not. Pets have the same instinct." Of course, if a dog runs away when you try to pet it, that doesn't mean you're a bad person. If it keeps happening, however, it may be an interesting reminder to check your energy levels, and make sure you're feeling OK.
11 Exhaustion Has Taken Over Your Life Ashley Batz/Bustle It definitely takes a lot of work to be positive, but sometimes even more work to be negative. Which is why, if you feel exhausted 24/7, it may be time to evaluate the vibes you're giving off. "Giving off negative energy puts a lot of physical stress on the body," relationship coach and expert Jenna Ponaman, CPC, ELI-MP, tells Bustle. "You'll find yourself tired and unmotivated." That is, until, you start to make an effort to be more positive.
12 You Can't Seem To Get Organized Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If your life is super messy, it might mean your schedule is jam-packed and you literally have no time to clean up. Or maybe you just aren't that tidy of a person. And that's fine. But if you want to organize your life and just can't seem to do it, tune into your energy. "People with negative energy have a lot of mind-clutter," Ponaman says. "Mind-clutter is often reflected onto their physical surroundings, such as their room, cars, office space, etc. Messy room [equals] messy life." Once you do a little work on yourself — possibly with the help of a therapist — you might notice that your surroundings are suddenly so much neater.
13 Promotions Are Passing You By Hannah Burton/Bustle "If you're putting out negative energy you could be energetically repelling the things you desire, such as financial success or love," Ponaman says. So if you've been passed up for promotions at work, take note. If negative things keep happening to you, it might help to counteract it all by making positive mantras and gratitude journals a part of your life. By focusing your mind on positive things, that energy will be more likely to come back around.
14 Your Skin Is Breaking Out Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Negative energy leads to stress," Ponaman says. "Stress leads to acne." So if you've been super pessimistic as of late, it's possible acne will begin to crop up. But by adopting a healthier routine — one with plenty of sleep, exercise, meditation, etc. — you can better handle stress, be more positive, and possibly have clearer skin as a result.
15 You Keep Attracting The Same Kind Of Partner Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If you keep attracting the same type of negative, toxic partner "then you may be giving off the wrong energy," professional counselor Heidi McBain, MA, LMFT, LPC, RPT tells Buslte. "So, maybe you want to be dating a certain type of person, but if you don't feel worthy of that person deep down, then you might be giving off signs that you're not really interested." It's definitely something to think about.
16 People Often Change The Subject Andrew Zaeh for Bustle When someone's sharing a negative story, it's common that others will change the topic to something more positive or neutral — like the weather — as a way of protecting themselves from pessimism. "Watch for these subtle cues," Nancy Cramer, a leadership consultant and coach, tells Bustle. "Is there a trend? If so ... check the thoughts that occupy your mind. What you focus on and the meaning you assign to things determines the direction and weight of your energy."
17 Most Of Your Convos Are Complaints Or Gossip Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Remember, negativity attracts negativity. So take note if your collection of friends — both in work and out — are the type who gossip and complain. "Whether you're complaining about people or circumstances, if you tend to focus conversations and relationships on commiserating, it's likely that your negative energy is on the high side," Dr. Jess O'Reilly, Astroglide's resident sexologist, tells Bustle. To make a positive change, it can help to keep "complaints to five to 10 minutes at the end of the day," Dr. O'Reilly says. "You can vent to your partner, a friend, or even in your journal/diary. Be openly negative and let it flow within censorship for this set period of time and then ban complaints for the rest of the day/night."
18 You Always Feel Impatient Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Hardly anybody enjoys waiting in line, but there are definitely people who handle it better than others. And how you handle it can say a lot about your internal energy. "If you get impatient when you have to wait in line, or have a high level of anxiety, people can sense it," psychic and spiritual coach Davida Rappaport tells Bustle. "That type of energy may come across as negative or off-putting."
19 All Your Debates Dissolve Into Arguments Andrew Zaeh for Bustle While it's obviously good to stick to your beliefs, having a healthy and positive conversation often means being open to the ideas and opinions of others. So take note if you can't seem to have a discussion without it turning into an argument. "If you become a bit more flexible and adaptable, people will want to be around you and won't mind your strong beliefs," Rappaport says. "If being flexible is not easy for you, start with practicing tolerance; accept the fact that others have their own beliefs or way of doing things and agree to disagree."
Police have released CCTV images as they continue the search for a woman who went missing from their Leeds home two weeks ago.
It is hoped the images, which show Svitlana Krasnoselska at work in the city on March 17, will help to jog someone's memory.
These CCTV images show Svitlana Krasnoselska at work in Leeds last month.
The 40-year-old, who is known to friends as Lana and is originally from Ukraine, was last seen at their home in Micklefield at about 5am on Monday, April 3.
Despite extensive enquiries, officers have been unable to establish their current whereabouts.
Detective Inspector James Entwistle, of Leeds District CID, said: "It has been over two weeks now since anyone has seen Lana, and their family are still desperate to hear that they are okay.
"We are continuing to carry out extensive enquiries to trace them and hope that these images, taken before they went missing, will help to jog someone's memory.
"We remain very concerned for their welfare and urgently need to find out where they are.
"We would ask that anyone who has seen them or who has any information that could assist in tracing them contact us as soon as possible."
Lana is described as 5ft 3in and of medium build, with dark shoulder-length hair which currently has blonde highlights in it.
They were believed to be wearing a black coat with a fur hood and carrying a black handbag with a metal circle detail on it.
Ms Krasnoselska lived in Dunhill Rise, Halton, between September 2016 and March.
Officers are keen to hear from anyone who knew them or who had contact with them during that time to help build up a picture of their lifestyle and the people they knew.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Leeds District CID via 101, quoting log number 716 of April 5.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A human skull discovered more than two years ago in Wayne County is that of a Connecticut man who disappeared in 2011, Coroner Edward Howell said today.
The remains were positively identified as those of George Julian Rymko of Waterbury, Connecticut, using DNA testing, Howell said.
A hunter found the skull on April 28, 2015, in woods near 827 Main St., Gouldsboro, and contacted authorities. No other remains were recovered.
According to the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System, or NamUs, Rymko, who was 49 at the time, was last seen alive Jan. 22, 2011, in Scranton.
Their vehicle, a blue 1999 Chevrolet Tahoe with Connecticut plates, was located at a Gouldsboro truck stop about two weeks later.
Howell said a forensic anthropologist who obtained a DNA sample from the skull compared it to a DNA sample submitted by a blood relative of Rymko, which yielded a positive match.
The anthropologist also confirmed the skull showed no signs of trauma, the coroner said.
Based on the positive identification, Howell issued a death certificate for Rymko.
However, due to the lack of evidence, including the absence of additional remains, the cause and manner of the man's death remain undetermined, the coroner said.
Contact the writer: dsingleton@timesshamrock.com, 570-348-9132
Graphic: Ahmed Raza Khan/Mint
Mumbai: It may have been prudent to sell most initial public offering (IPO) shares on the listing day rather than holding on to them for longer, a Mint analysis of the top 200 initial share sales by issue size since 1999 shows.
Data sourced from primary market tracker Prime Database shows 177 of the top 200 IPOs have completed at least a year since their listing. Of these, 99 stocks had one-year returns that lagged behind listing day gains. The year-end price of 84 stocks dropped below the IPO issue price.
To be sure, some of these may have listed at the very end of a bull run or an economic upcycle. Looking at it another way, the one-year returns of 95 stocks trailed those of the benchmark Sensex.
The numbers get worse when two-year and three-year returns are compared with the listing day pop (see chart). In other words, the frenzy and hype surrounding IPOs more often than not leads to good trading propositions but not investment ideas.
“The big question that investors need to consider is, ‘am I buying at a fair price or not?'” said Nilesh Shah, managing director of Kotak Mahindra Asset Management.
“In India, the mistake that retail as well as institutional investors commit is they start looking at grey market premiums and decide on their investment in the IPO,” added Shah.
The grey market is usually driven by HNIs (high net-worth individuals), who put in bids to subscribe to large chunks of an IPO, far in excess of the portion reserved for them. This pushes up the overall subscription levels for the issue and, in turn, attracts investors to buy shares in the grey market at a premium.
“That market has no scientific way of discovery. It could be rigged very easily as it is an unauthorized market,” Shah said.
Around 12 companies which have filed IPO or follow-on public offer (FPO) documents with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) are awaiting approval. Prominent names include National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, which plans to raise around Rs10,000 crore, and SBI Life Insurance Co. Ltd and the New India Assurance Co. Ltd, which plan to raise around Rs7,000 crore each, showed Prime Database data.
Eleven other companies have filed their IPO/FPO documents and received Sebi's approval. They collectively plan to raise Rs6,580 crore.
A few were of the opinion that selling on the listing day, was a good strategy in a bull market, and usually led to decent gains.
“People just hold on and have inertia or are greedy not to sell at a time when they can make profits. That is where they lose the opportunity to make good money,” said Prithvi Haldea, founder and chairperson of Prime Database. “Then, if the prices go down, they complain of over-pricing.”
“IPOs should not be put on a pedestal and expected to perform well and forever,” they added.
The top IPO by issue size, Coal India Ltd, which raised nearly Rs15,200 crore in 2010, saw a listing day gain of 39.73%. Over one-year, two-year and three-year periods, it posted gains of 33%, 43% and 19.2% gains, respectively, from the issue price.
Over the three-year horizon, the best-performing stock was state-run Union Bank of India, which surged 688%. It was followed by Jubilant FoodWorks Ltd, which gained 683% over the first three years. State-run Canara Bank gained 553%.
Shares of Maruti Udyog Ltd (now known as Maruti Suzuki India Ltd), Bharti Tele-Ventures Ltd (now known as Bharti Airtel Ltd) and National Thermal Power Corp. Ltd (currently known as NTPC Ltd) rose 525%, 385% and 282%, respectively, in the first three years of their listing.
For the online business, returns give a huge push to sales. While it does hurt margins if the boost to sales is good enough, the absolute profit only increases. It is important for the online business to make sure that the returns policy is not a dummy and doesn't have too many conditions attached. Ninety-nine per cent of customers is honest and some companies make the mistake of creating a policy for stonewalling themselves from the 1 per cent customers who tend to misuse the policy by returning too much, which harms the experience for the other customers.
Most companies ask customer to send pictures of the products, ask several questions, then wait for approvals to accept the return and then delay in refunding. Many customers just get tired of calling the customer care and pursue their case and eventually decide to forget about the return and swear to never buy online again. To eliminate this, we introduced a no-questions asked returns policy, which allows the customer an option to not answer any questions and not send any pictures and just execute the return without any extra approvals. It led to a spike in positive feedback on social media, a spike in sales and, surprisingly, almost negligible increase in return cases. Of course, we have our checks and balances but we always give the benefit of doubt to the customer. So it's become quite clear to us that the majority never orders with an intention to return, but just need an assurance of a good return policy in case something goes wrong. So if the customer gets what they ordered and delivery time is good, the customer would return. Returns can also be a bane to customer and the business. For the business, returns are a very complex and difficult animal to tame and if badly managed, it will definitely do more bad than good. Returns in an online business can be classified into non-delivered returns (NDR) and customer-initiated returns (CIR). In a usual online business, the overall returns will be close to 15 per cent of sales with 50 per cent attributed to NDR and CIR each. NDRs occur due to customers changing their mind because they bought the same product from elsewhere at a better price, couldn't wait any longer or simply found a more suitable style or configuration. Other reasons can be attributed more to the operations of the company, like a delay in delivery, not able to locate the address, not able to make contact with customer due to bad coordination of field executives, etc. Top reasons for a CIR are difference in specifications like colour, style, material, etc. of the products received or manufacturing defects. The CIR and NDR-returned products enter again into the warehouse through a reverse logistics supply chain. Unopened or sealed boxes go back live on the website and the others are liquidated at very low costs to factory outlets, seconds retailers, scrap, etc. at less than 25 per cent of the original cost. The ones that go back live on the website have to be sold at a loss due to erosion of price in the market with time. That's why returns make a huge dent on your balance-sheet if not managed properly. It's quite clear that the online company has a lot to do to make sure returns are minimised. That's the reason e-commerce companies invest heavily in sourcing partnerships, technology, warehousing, logistics to make sure products are not only of great quality but are also accurately described on the portal and delivered quickly. We have invested more in creating a strong technology platform, fulfilment centres, warehouses and a last-mile delivery fleet rather than giving loss-making discounts to customers. The money that we save by achieving low returns is integrated into the prices. This makes sure our customers get the best product, price and services leading to not only higher repeat purchase but also a low return rate. This strategy has also made us reach very close to operational profit in two years, while companies are struggling even after five or 10 years in the region and globally. To summarise, it's important for online ventures to watch out and fix their return rates before they expand. It's probably the key to make or break their customer satisfaction and financial performance. The writer is the Co-founder of Wadi.com. More from Retail Marka fails to meet promise of profit in 2016
MAF said to select banks for perpetual bond
How UAE consumers splurge on Valentine's
Marka profits down, despite increase in revenue
As the festive season begins‚ the tragedy of drowning looms over every family hanging out near a body of water and even those storing water in open containers during the crippling drought.
At the close of each year‚ there are on average 200 drownings in the Western Cape alone‚ with December often accounting for the lion's share of that number.
Now‚ a research team has revealed who is most at risk‚ where and when. It has also come up with the country's first ever preventative framework.
This could possibly lead to “new municipal bylaws and other enforcement mechanisms”‚ some of which would be related to private pools‚ Local Government‚ Environmental Affairs and Development Planning MEC Anton Bredell said.
They added that the province was “concerned” about such high death tolls‚ especially when about 40% of victims were younger than 14.
This is why the provincial government commissioned the South African Medical Research Council‚ along with other stakeholders‚ to conduct the research.
The first risk factor‚ according to the report‚ is any public holiday - of which the festive season has many (December 16‚ 25‚ 26 and January 1).
The age group most at risk are children under five years old‚ and it isn't simply pools‚ beaches and rivers that are a threat. Open storage containers are too.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
POLICE should be given heightened powers to clamp down on hare-coursing gangs who bring misery to the countryside each year, a Yorkshire MP has said.
Beverley and Holderness MP Graham Stuart said they were lobbying the Government to tighten the legislation to help police combat the “abhorrent rural crime”.
They have joined with the Country, Land and Business Association to call for affected landowners to be able to claim compensation and allow the police to reclaim the cost of looking after dogs seized from offenders.
Humberside Police spent 1,200 hours battling hare coursing in the past year, with more than 500 reports of the crime in the 2017/18 season, a police report reveals.
The Conservative MP said: “Humberside Police's latest report into hare coursing shows the scale of this issue across our area, particularly in the vast, arable and flat farmland of Holderness. While the force have a good record on responding to offenders, with 28 dedicated days of action over the past year, they need assistance both from the law and from members of the public.”
The pursuit has been illegal since the Hunting Act of 2004 and sees ‘sighthounds' such as lurchers, greyhounds or salukis set on hares, often with large sums of money bet on the outcome.
In North Yorkshire, a new approach to cracking down on the gangs has proved such a success that forces across the country have also taken it on.
Its 17-strong Rural Taskforce has developed a way for under-pressure police forces to be able to question suspects without having to transport them to a police station.
Sergeant Kev Kelly said ordinarily, if a group of five people were suspected of hare coursing, this could mean taking them in for questioning using five separate police vans.
They said at a time of “significant budget cuts” they did not have this luxury, so they instead opted for roadside interviews. A booklet in all North Yorkshire police cars guides officers through the interview process and they retain the power to seize cars and dogs, they said.
A digital version of the booklet is now being developed and should be in use within the next 12 months. The idea has also been taken on by Yorkshire's other three forces as well as those in Lincolnshire, Cleveland, Cumbria, Sussex and Scotland.
Sgt Kelly said hare coursing had reached “epidemic” levels across the country and from late summer North Yorkshire would be hit by groups travelling in from places such as Cleveland, Bishop Auckland and Durham. They said they could intimidate landowners and their families to such an extent that they could be left traumatised.
They said: “You see people crying, they are so scared. These people will come back across your land and threaten to burn your house down. That's why I have taken such a stance about it. We won't have it. It's unacceptable.”
Sgt Kelly said in once case they had dealt with, a farming family with two young daughters were left “prisoners in their own home” after a group of hare coursers intimidated them.
They said: “The kids wouldn't go out because they were terrified. The mum wouldn't go out. Only the dad would go out. It shows the deep impact it can have.”
Oil plus
Laboratory Supervisor
- Newbury
Oil Plus Ltd are seeking a permanent Laboratory Supervisor to oversee the smooth running of their Newbury laboratory.
Should have extensive working experience in laboratory procedures for physical and inorganic chemistry and microbiology, and general laboratory safety procedures. Should have knowledge of COSHH, MSDS, IATA regulations, Cert of Origin preparation.
The person will be responsible for managing the laboratory assistant and workshop technician, assisting the technical team with analysis studies and R&D projects.
Must have minimum HNC or a first degree in chemistry.
If interested please send your cv to careers@oilplusltd.com quoting ref: LS0618
How To Get $20,000 Off The Price Of A Master's Degree
Enlarge this image LA Johnson/NPR LA Johnson/NPR
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
Rask/van Riemsdyk
Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask, drafted 21st overall by the Leafs in 2005, has earned points in 19 straight games (17-0-2) . . . Leafs forward James van Riemsdyk scored against the Rangers on Thursday, hitting the 20-goal mark for the fifth time.
NEED TO KNOW
Bruins centre Patrice Bergeron has five goals and five assists over their past seven games … The Bruins are 17-1-3 in their last 21 games, and 17-6-4 overall on home ice. They have not lost in regulation since Nov. 26 . . . Boston's David Pastrnak has a seven-game point streak (three goals, six assists) . . . Ryan Spooner has seven goals and five assists in their last 13 games . . . They've sold out the TD Garden for 365 straight regular-season and playoff games since Dec. 5, 2009 . . . All-star forward Brad Marchand is still serving a five-game suspension for elbowing, but defenceman Charlie McAvoy might be back after missing time with an abnormal heartbeat.
UP NEXT
Monday vs. Anaheim Ducks, 7 p.m.
NEW YORK — The producer of some of Sunday's most highly anticipated television sat in a control room looking intently at a screen. Sitting in a large chair surrounded by technicians, Simon Morris offered a mix of directives: “More smoke.” “Cut to the tunnel shot.” And then, referring to a particular star of the proceedings, “Freeze on Mr. Wigglesworth.” Among the estimated 2.3 million people who work in arts and entertainment, many have unusual specialties. Few are as unusual as Morris'. Their official title is executive producer for the Puppy Bowl. Their unofficial title might be doggie auteur. Read more: Super Bowl ad ban leaves Canadian broadcaster down but not out
Article Continued Below
The Puppy Bowl's executive producer Simon Morris with one of their stars. ( Courtesy of Simon Morris )
Morris' task is to showrun: Produce, guide, edit and generally oversee all creative aspects of the big canine event, including the direction they gave from the control room while the Puppy Bowl was being shot. When Discovery Communications' Animal Planet airs the event this Sunday — its 14th year of putting up a furry counterprogrammer to the big game — it will do so in large part thanks to Morris' expertise. Just like the Super Bowl, the Puppy Bowl has become huge business: It has sold out of its sponsorships, to general advertisers like Geico and Subaru and pet-centric brands such as Chewy and Bissell. Last year, 2.5 million viewers tuned in to the show and its re-airings over the course of the day-not the 112 million of the Super Bowl, but hardly doggie chow either.
The Puppy Bowl is by far the most watched Animal Planet program of the year, even more so if the Super Bowl is a blowout. Viewers simply switch over, say Animal Planet executives. To serve those growing viewer and advertising bases, Discovery has needed to professionalize its puppies, unlike the early games when they bounded around a crude miniature replica of a football field. The Puppy Bowl is now a highly polished event in an elaborately designed “stadium” that features real-life touches like a scoreboard and a fake crowd backdrop. The “game” contains slick features like pre-game intros; stand-alone packages on the rescue dogs' backstories; and multiple-angle shots of “scoring plays,” which occur when a dog nudges a chew toy into an area it probably doesn't realize is an end zone. “You can't talk to animals like you can actors,” said Morris, who is in their third year as showrunner and works on other animal-oriented shows for half the year. This year, producers have implemented some changes to the game. Though “Fluff” and “Ruff” are again the two bandana-clad teams “playing” the “game,” there is a new stadium. Morris also cast a chicken to play the national anthem on a piano because, while they're undeniably patriotic, puppies aren't really so great with musical instruments. Morris' job at Puppy Bowl is a mix of the creative, commercial and technical. They must make segments hum while also giving them a continuity that dogs don't naturally have because they're, well, dogs. Since the puppies are ordinary shelter animals and not trained performers, very little of it can be orchestrated. So they keep an eye out for natural narratives. The Puppy Bowl isn't actually filmed anytime close to the Super Bowl. It's shot over one day in October, on a ground-floor sound stage tucked off a busy midtown-Manhattan street.
Last year, 2.5 million viewers tuned in to the show and its re-airings over the course of the day-not the 112 million of the Super Bowl, but hardly doggie chow either. ( Damian Strohmeyer/Animal Planet )
One day this fall, shortly after filming, Morris sat at Discovery's Manhattan headquarters in a cubicle just down the hall from David Zaslav, Discovery's CEO, staring for hours at frolicking dogs on their computer screen. All manner of pugs, poodles, chihuahuas, cocker spaniels, Dachshunds and Great Danes as well as plenty of mixed breeds were engaged in ebb-and-flow chaos-languid periods followed by bursts of all-in friskiness. The lone human to cross their monitor was Dan Schachner, the in-game commentator and “referee,” and thus the first football official not to be offended by chants involving dogs. On their screen, Morris spotted two mutts on the sidelines from the same team eyeing each other in a friendly way. “Well that worked out perfectly, because it looks like they're coming up with a play,” they said. After spotting the moment, editors later locate and linger upon the best camera angle and edit in a wry voice-over. As production goals go, Puppy Bowl is a two-hander: Play to the cuteness of the animals while also gently riffing on the idea they're unknowingly engaged in a football game. Some plays in the game are obvious — you wouldn't go wrong, for instance, expecting a pooch punt. But Morris said that unlike the Super Bowl, there is no possibility on their telecast of kneeling, though it's fair to assume there will be some heeling. To find the dogs, Animal Planet encourages shelters and rescuers all over the country to submit video months before. Hundreds do. Then about 90 dogs, chosen by Morris and their team, descend on the New York studio, handlers in tow. Fewer than half of them will make the show. Morris also chooses which dogs to spotlight in the pretaped packages, often heading out to meet them around the country before shooting. Basically he's looking for touching backstories — good TV that also might lead to adoption, which is the Puppy Bowl's more altruistic goal. That is easy this year since the event has drawn from shelters in hurricane-hit places likes Houston, South Florida and Puerto Rico. In one room on shooting day in October, the puppies had gathered in little pens that were the canine equivalent of a casting call. Some frolicked. Some lazed. Some paced nervously. Some eyed each other as warily as their human counterparts, though with fewer script pages and more bones.
The Super Bowl has sold out of its sponsorships, to general advertisers like Geico and Subaru and pet-centric brands such as Chewy and Bissell. ( Courtesy of Discovery Communications )
On the main stage, a group of handlers, animal-rights observers and the occasional lucky cable-network intern ringed the newly designed “stadium” — this year it features a more modern curved design and an updated metallic look — swapping in eager dogs for the inert or irascible. “Give Kitsy the ball,” a handler said, referring to a bold-looking Shibah Inu. Kitsy thought better of it though, and acted like they wanted the ball the way a defensive lineman wants the ball. From the control room, Morris watched the proceedings with an auteur's eye, issuing their freeze-on-Wigglesworth orders with studied precision. “[Simon] uses both the left and right side of their brain,” laughed Dawn Sinsel, a senior executive producer at Animal Planet who works closely with Morris. “And maintains their calm amid the controlled chaos.” Morris didn't intend to get into this line of work. A Brit with a distinguished salt-and-pepper beard, they instead began their career in their home country making documentaries for the BBC. With an uncle who funded serious science films, they had hopes to direct Oscar-worthy nonfiction films. Like many before him, though, they found unscripted television offers many of the same virtues, and far less of the penury, of being a documentarian. They soon came to the U.S. to work on several Animal Planet shows, including “Too Cute,” a 2011-2014 series focusing on young animals. They joined the Puppy Bowl crew three years ago. Morris' Puppy Bowl work makes for some easy respect among their two young children, both under 5. But they lower their voice to confess a fighting-words secret: They prefer cats.
Puppies Barry and Olympia take the field for Puppy Bowl XIV. ( Damian Strohmeyer/Animal Planet )
That is the prudent move, the right move, the cost effective, low-risk kind of late-season, roster-altering move that puts good teams over the top.
They should sit out the trade deadline that comes Thursday at 3 p.m. and resist the urge to disrupt a successful team for short-term gain. They should wait and see which veteran comes on the market later this month, and even into March, and pounce when that opportunity arises because it helps in the present and doesn't mess up the future.
There is one they should pursue, a move they have never made but one that makes the most sense at the moment, to improve the team while not taking away from what appears to be a promising future.
The Toronto Raptors need something — nothing major, but they could use some help — and with the NBA trade deadline approaching, president Masai Ujiri and general manager Bobby Webster will be presented with myriad possibilities.
The Raptors don't have a 2018 first-round draft pick to sweeten any deal, and league rules preclude them trading their 2019 pick this week.
Trading becomes far more difficult because none of the young players other teams covet makes enough money on their own to bring back a substantial player. Norm Powell can't be traded because of NBA restrictions, and giving up two or even three young players would be counterproductive in the long term.
The Raptors have an open roster spot — a prudent move they made to start the season — and without going into too much gory salary-cap detail, they can assume a pro-rated deal for a veteran who engineers a buyout of an existing deal.
That makes the buyout process — or even waiting for someone playing in Europe or Asia to be done with their season in March before being repatriated — even more sensible.
The Raptors may never be closer to a legitimate shot at an appearance in the NBA final than they are today, second in the Eastern Conference with only the unproven Boston Celtics ahead of them and the not-so-intimidating Cleveland Cavaliers closer to seventh place in the conference than they are to second.
And since the future is not guaranteed — injuries, stalled development, player movement around them are all invariables — it's incumbent on Ujiri and Webster to do all they can right now to maximize the team's chances.
The who is the difficult part to determine. The one variable that can mess the whole idea up is if the right person doesn't become available.
But if, for example, a player such as Channing Frye, Marco Belinelli (only after a buyout, not at their $6-million salary) or even Joe Johnson gets out of their current contract and is free to sign anywhere, that's the kind of guy Ujiri and Webster should pursue.
And given Toronto's place in the hierarchy of the NBA today, the Raptors would be an intriguing destination to any veteran looking for one legitimate shot at playing for a championship. Ujiri, Webster and coach Dwane Casey have built team of which others take notice. A chance to join it for a playoff run has never been more realistic for a veteran than it is today.
The team could use a veteran who can make a shot and win you a game or two in a playoff series. They don't have to be a star, just a presence and a threat, a rental who could provide short-term help in a year of such great promise.
OG Anunoby is a fine young defender and teams can't have too many of them, but their offence is spotty and in the grind-it-out playoffs, if teams don't have to worry much about guarding them it makes things far more difficult for the likes of DeMar DeRozan, Kyle Lowry and Jonas Valanciunas to find space to operate, regardless of how quickly and efficiently the Raptors move the ball.
Pascal Siakam is as promising as any young player on the roster, a unique blend of speed and athleticism in a long body, but their shooting liabilities are real and the desire to have a stretch four that teams need to respect is legitimate. There are moments when they have a great impact on a game. Whether they can do that in a playoff game is unknown.
C.J. Miles is a proven NBA shooter and could be invaluable when the post-season arrives. But — and it's a legitimate but — they have suffered injuries and illness and odd health issues that have kept them from getting into any kind of groove. It's entirely possible they find themselves in the final 30 games of the season, but it's also entirely possible they don't and that hole would be disastrous to Toronto's chances.
All of them could very well turn into special players, and the roles they've filled so far this year have allowed the Raptors to get to where they are today. That's the same with Fred VanVleet, Delon Wright, Jakob Poeltl and Powell, who may eventually become the summer trade chip Ujiri and Webster dangle around the league. Eventually.
Ujiri and Webster don't seem to be the impetuous kind of NBA executive who thrives on making major in-season moves, and that's allowed the Raptors to build a roster seemingly set for now and in the future. And it's a course they should continue to take this coming week, when the inevitable conversations built around the youthful backup group get more serious than even.
But they are also at a unique place in franchise history and that cannot be ignored.
The Raptors are a very good team verging on great, one of the top four or five in NBA right now, and the present has never been so promising.
To maximize that, to say to the players and coaches and fans that this is a unique time that requires unique moves to take a final step, Ujiri and Webster have to strike.
Finding the right guy some time in the next month is the right way to make that strike.
Let this week go by and make the definitive move later on.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
BILZEN, Belgium, Feb. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Packaging specialist DS Smith has invested approximately €2.6 million in the injection moulding plant in Bilzen-Belgium. The investment includes the addition of four production lines and an increase in production capacity of nearly 50%. This new investment in the facility, allows Bilzen to continue to build the foundation for continued growth in the injection moulding products market for DS Smith Plastics.
“As a specialist in beverage crates and pallets, we increased our capacity in anticipation of expected customer and market growth. This is why we are investing in the newest generation of injection moulding machines. The investments will allow us to grow even further in other products for markets such as pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, agriculture, etc.,” explains Paul Baeyens, Managing Director of Plastics' Injection Moulding business segment.
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
The nation is all set to celebrate 70th year of Independence today (Monday) with traditional fervour and enthusiasm vowing to make Pakistan a true Islamic welfare state as visualized by Quaid-i-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah and to safeguard motherland against any threat. As per details, the day will dawn with a salute of thirty-one guns in the federal and twenty-one gun salutes in provincial capitals. Special prayers will be offered for the prosperity, integrity and solidarity of the country, unity of the Muslim Ummah and success of the long drawn struggle of Kashmiris after Fajar prayers. The main event of the day will be flagged hoisting ceremony at Parliament House premises. President Mamnoon Hussain, Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yong will jointly unfurl the national flag at the ceremony. The President will address the nation on the occasion. Different universities and colleges would hold special events including seminars, conferences, lectures, debates, speech contests, exhibitions, quiz competitions, stage dramas and Mushairas. Radio Pakistan and TV channels would air special programmes highlighting the significance of the day.
Related
Hanjin Group Chairman Cho Yang-ho (Hanjin Group)
Hanjin Group Chairman Cho Yang-ho called in their new year‘s address for a balance of safety and service to bring “customer happiness” in 2017.As for Korean Air, the chairperson said that employees must go beyond a simple understanding of service rules and manuals, and make the rules a part of their daily lives through repeated training.Cho said that precise and strict application of existing rules will allow Korean Air to “prevent problematic situations,” seemingly pointing to recent criticisms about flight attendants' safety training.On the business front, Cho said that the company must prepare for predictable risk factors and increase profitability by optimizing flight routes and equipment.In particular, Cho urged employees to pay closer attention to the needs of the market in order to choose the best flights for both customers and efficiency.Taking a long-term approach to service, rather than chasing immediate profits, would allow Hanjin Group to earn the trust of customers and to contribute to the Korean economy, they said.By Won Ho-jung (hjwon@heraldcorp.com)
Test Boost Elite en often suffer from the problem of low libido because of a number of reasons like tough work schedule, insufficient and unhealthy food, the habit of over masturbation etc. As a result, the testosterone doesn't secrete properly and as a result, men don't get the stimulation in the normal situations or face hard time in having the proper erections. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Charlie Cook: “So why are proponents so upbeat? My theory is that advocates see failure as unfathomable. On Wall Street and in corporate headquarters around the country, proponents have talked themselves (or their clients) into believing that tax reform is possible even though Congress has not passed a significant piece of legislation this year.”
“The truth is that reforming, streamlining, or simplifying the tax code is incredibly difficult under the best of circumstances, and circumstances today are worse than usual. Even passing a big tax cut, which sounds easy (who turns down free candy?), is problematic because it either drives up the deficit or shifts the tax burden to other payers.”
For members: Who Knew Tax Reform Could Be So Complicated?
Every three minutes a food allergy reaction sends someone to the emergency room. Scary for adults—and even scarier for children. This October, MassGeneral Hospital for Children (MGHfC) will bring a heightened awareness to this growing problem at its Storybook Ball.
Now in its 18th year, the Storybook Ball is one of Boston's pinnacle events, bringing supporters, advocates and medical professionals together to honor pediatric care at MGHfC. This year's fundraiser takes place on Saturday, October 14, at The Castle in Back Bay, with a spotlight on food allergy.
For Charlestown residents and Storybook Ball committee members, Andrea and Justin Rosen, the focus this year hits home.
“Our four-year-old son, Sam, was diagnosed with several severe and life-threatening allergies at 10 months old,” said Andrea Rosen. “MGHfC, and specifically Dr. Shreffler, have been instrumental in helping us manage Sam's food allergies. We are grateful that Dr. Shreffler is at the forefront of food allergy research and making impactful strides to not only manage food allergies but to treat pediatric food allergy patients through development of research and clinical trials at MGHfC.”
Despite their prevalence, the underlying causes of food allergies remain a mystery. In people with allergies, the harmless proteins found in common food allergens – milk, eggs, peanuts, tree nuts, shellfish, soy and wheat – set off adverse immune responses that can be extreme and even life-threatening. Most of the time patients are not sick, but live under the constant threat and fear of an allergic reaction. No cure currently exists, and the primary treatment is to avoid specific foods.
Andrea Rosen is Assistant General Counsel, Business and Legal Affairs for Kering Americas, Inc., which owns PUMA SE. A luxury booth partner of Storybook Ball, PUMA is donating a wide range of PUMA products, from performance men's golf shirts to PUMA sneakers.
“MGHfC is an incredible place where children and families can receive the critical health care that they need and often when they can't find it anywhere else,” said Andrea Rosen. “MGHFC is changing and saving lives.”
For more information on the MGHfC Food Allergy Center and the Storybook Ball, visit storybookballboston.org.
ISLAMABAD : Awami Muslim League (AML) chief Sheikh Rasheed on Saturday moved a petition in the Supreme Court seeking disqualification of Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi.
The AML chief filed the petition through Barrister Latif Khosa, pleading with the court to disqualify the premier from office over alleged corruption in the award of a liquefied natural gas (LNG) import contract.
The court was further requested to order the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) to take action against them in this regard.
The petitioner has alleged massive corruption in the LNG contract, which, it said, the prime minister in their capacity as the minister for petroleum and natural resources had awarded back in 2015.
Speaking to the media outside the apex court, Rasheed said they were going to expose those who brought expensive LNG to the country, causing a huge loss to the national exchequer.
They said it was not easy to get their hands on the documents regarding the LNG contract, but they succeeded in getting the documents to expose the alleged LNG scam.
Orignally published by INP
In the wake of hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, emergency preparedness and management of environmental disasters are a cause for concern and examination nationwide.
A panel of local emergency preparedness experts and professionals weighed in on common mistakes and what they wish business owners and citizens knew. The first common thread was just how often people don't heed official warnings.
“The biggest thing I see is people not listening to warnings,” said Eric Frank, emergency management coordinator for Clark Regional Emergency Services Agency (CRESA). “We as a species, we look at the hazards and risks coming and compare it to things we've seen in our past. We see a lot of that with comparing, ‘this was a category 5 in the past, it only did this.'”
Michelle Week, field instructor specializing in urban emergency preparedness at REI, echoed this sentiment, “Abiding by warnings, adhering to warnings. If you know there's going to be a thunderstorm you don't climb to the top of a mountain, you don't expose yourself to those elements. The same goes for down in the city.”
While hurricanes are unlikely, the Pacific Northwest has its own host of environmental hazards to prepare for.
“For our region, we could encounter anything,” Week said. “From wildfires and earthquakes, to tornadoes and tsunamis. Being prepared for anything and everything is really our main goal.”
Nina Rubenstein, emergency management coordinator at PeaceHealth, stressed the importance of personal preparedness.
“We need our staff to report to the hospital if an incident like that were to take place,” Rubenstein said. “Because that would be an all-hands-on-deck sort of situation. But if our staff isn't confident that their homes are prepared to sustain without their presence, then their presence is going to stay there. And that's a totally human response. So, my big push now is encouraging personal preparedness, handing out information about how you build a kit at home, how you make a plan for your family …”
Week recommends gathering up essentials and creating kits to have in a variety of locations.
“(Essential items that people sometimes don't always think to include) are old pairs of running shoes or old eyeglasses, which are good things to hold on to,” Week said. “I have a minimum of four to five different kits. One kit for your car, one for your home, one for the office, one for a second location in case you're not at any of those locations and you need to get somewhere where there are supplies. In the office and in the car, the old pair of running shoes that you don't want to run in anymore but are still technically good are great to have on hand because walking around in fancy shoes or office shoes is going to get uncomfortable. If you do have to evacuate the building and have to hike to another shelter or building where supplies and aid is available, you're going to want something more comfortable than those shoes.”
“Every business and organization should be engaged in emergency preparedness planning,” said Lenda Crawford, Vancouver deputy city manager. “Businesses need to develop emergency and disaster recovery plans, make sure facilities are safe, structurally sound and can withstand a major environmental disaster, and train and drill employees. Everyone should have emergency kits that include water, a battery-operated radio, nonperishable foods, essential medications, blankets and extra clothing, a light source and a first aid kit.”
Experts say that taking care of employees should be a top concern for all business owners. With so many pieces to consider, being sure that basic needs can be met is essential.
“One of the best things you can do in your planning is understand how you can take care of your own people,” Frank said. “What kind of plans do you have in place getting your employees back and forth, or having them accounted for? If you have a lot of products on hand that could be perishable, what are your plans for distribution so it doesn't go to waste and it can be useful in the community?”
Beyond addressing a plan and having basics on hand, businesses should also be prepared to address hygienic issues.
“Businesses should have back-up sanitation toilets, probably for every 10-12 people,” Week said. “You've got to address that, having sanitation available. They may not be able to address everyone's shoe size or comfort level in those ways … but businesses are held accountable for at least that standard three days. Three to five days is ideal. So, how do you set up proper sanitation to avoid other viruses and diseases that are really the ultimate downfall of an urban disaster.”
However, Rubenstein doesn't want to cause panic about the three-day recommendation. While it is a minimum requirement, certain organizations, PeaceHealth among them, do have partnerships and plans in place for replenishment in the event of a disaster.
“It's a national requirement that every hospital has to have power sustained for 96 hours,” Rubenstein said. “We all have to have generators that have 96 hours of fuel in them. That does not mean that at 96:01 the generator breaks down never to be used again. It's a requirement that our fuel will be replenished in that event. We have on hand those four days of fuel, but we can sustain for longer than that.”
In the case of a major disaster, personal preparedness remains paramount when one starts to examine the math.
“For us to have a resilient community after any type of disaster it really is a partnership,” Frank said. “The reality is that we have very limited resources. There's no way that we could be able to meet all of those needs by ourselves. There are over 470,000 people in the county and government is just a small sector. There are less than 40 first responders, firefighters and police officers on the street at any given time. There's eight to 10 lines coming into the 9-1-1 center, you understand that those impacts, large scale, it's going to be people relying on each other during a disaster or an emergency.”
“There's only 5 to 10 percent of the population that is totally trained to handle serious medical emergencies and they themselves may be experiencing those serious medical injuries, so then you're talking about even less of a percentage of the population that will be able to respond and help other people in those serious conditions,” Week said. “So, don't add to it. Don't clog up the streets. Be prepared to walk not drive to and from places. I always encourage people to do that. Take the bus or walk or bike to and from work, to and from their children's school, wherever, even if it's just a weekend trip. Just so they have a better idea about the lay of the land and how to get around. Walk around your office building. Being able to get a lay for that land is huge because it's all going to change anyways, but at least you have some base work to work off of and not get further lost.”
“We want people to be aware that at least a third of small businesses do not recover after a disaster,” Frank said. “We want to enforce the importance of them having a plan in place and understanding what type of continuity pieces do they have together.”
Comments
comments
They exchange a few more words until they understand.
They promptly disappear into the kitchen and returns with a small, silver stovetop espresso maker.
"She wanted you to know that they don't use a regular percolator. It was made in an espresso maker," they say.
A simple message but one that has a deeper, more important meaning.
Their mother had something important to say.
And they understood.
Three months ago, Angelina would not have been able to so easily explain their needs and wants, thoughts and feelings.
Last September, they had a stroke that affected the left side of their brain, which controls functions such as speech, and the right side of their body.
They lived alone and their grandson found them on the floor of their St. Catharines home.
They could not speak. Or walk. In the early days, two people were needed to help them out of a hospital bed into a wheelchair and they could not feed herself.
The fiercely independent woman was gone.
In time, with rehabilitation and speech therapy, parts of the Angelina they knew returned, including some of their language.
And while they were happy to return home, they had trouble communicating their needs and their voice was barely audible, so quiet that Giancarlo couldn't hear them if they sat side by side.
In January, they started a new therapy.
Every Friday, music therapist Laura Cowal-Belet visits Angelina in their home for one hour. Together they sing traditional Italian songs as Laura strums on a guitar. Sometimes Angelina keeps a steady beat with a mallet and tambourine.
And while it might appear as pure entertainment, Laura is using the power of music to teach Angelina's brain how to relearn what the stroke took from their life.
The science behind the brain-music connection is complicated, says Laura.
In simple terms, music stimulates all areas of the brain. The first rhythm we hear is the beat of a human heart and that might explain why people are naturally drawn to a steady, one-two rhythm, they say.
"It's the cadence of people," says Laura.
Simply put, our bodies are naturally programmed to move to the beat of music.
When Laura plays and sings the Italian ballad Volare — which translated means flying — its strong one-two-one-two rhythm triggers something within Angelina, allowing them to hold a mallet with their right hand — the side impaired by the stroke — while banging it on a tambourine, reading the song's lyrics on a table in front of her, and singing along.
Complicated tasks made easier with music.
They also see people who live with other neurological impairments such as dementia or Parkinson's Disease, at home and in long-term care facilities.
A person with Parkinson's Disease often takes tentative steps interspersed with shuffles but with music, endurance and gait improves, they say.
As they walk, they first measure their average pace with a metronome. Then they play a song on their guitar or keyboard, timed to the tempo of their steps and asks them to walk again. Instead of shuffling, they often take more deliberate steps better matched the beat of the music.
"It's amazing what music can do," they say.
Music can also help to form new pathways in the brain, they say. It can promote neuroplasticity, the brain's ability to change and adapt, by rebuilding connections among neurons.
In simple terms, music can help the brain rewire parts of itself inorder to have an undamaged area take over a function, like language, previously managed by the damaged area.
Singing helps Angelina's brain relearn speech. Words, how to pronounce them, and the connections needed to put them in the right order and context.
In essence, a different, undamaged part of their brain is taking over the job of speech.
Every week, they practise the same repeat-after-me song.
At first, Angelina could barely repeat two words at a time. Now, they can sing full phrases.
"The melody is taking over to allow them to retrieve those words," they say.
Giancarlo has peace of mind knowing their mother can communicate their needs. I'm hungry. I'm hurt. And with better language skills, they can voice more complex thoughts, although they still mix up and mispronounces words.
"I don't have to guess," they say.
Giancarlo demonstrates. "Would you like to go to Italy?" they ask their mother, in Italian.
They smile. "I think it costs too much money," they reply, another indication that their mother is recovering.
One of Laura's clients gained more independence when they taught the person to sing, "I have to go to the washroom."
Repetition, and lots of it, is required.
Angelina has a live-in caregiver, who engages them in rich conversation.
They can instruct their caregiver on the steps required to make homemade pasta sauce and the correct way to cook noodles. She's returned to tending their garden, a passion that now involves sitting on a small stool. They play bingo and can keep track of four cards.
Them voice is strong.
Near the end of the music session, first cup of espresso consumed, Angelina asks their son for another.
They take a sip and makes a face. It's too bitter.
Giancarlo returns with a container of sugar and they add two spoonfuls.
They say something in Italian, they stop and they laugh.
Angelina takes another sip.
They nod. Smiles.
"Bene," they say. "Bene."
* * * * *
To learn more about music therapist Laura Cowal-Belet visit their website at http://majorprogressions.ca.
Cheryl.Clock@niagaradailies.com
905-225-1626 | @Standard_Cheryl
Cheryl.Clock@niagaradailies.com
905-225-1626 | @Standard_Cheryl
WWE News: Teddy Stigma injured during NXT tryouts
Teddy Stigma is scheduled to contest for IGNITE Championship on 18th March.
by Suyash Maheshwari News 15 Feb 2017, 13:08 IST
Stigma is a ten-year veteran!
What's the story?
Indy Superstar Teddy Stigma visited WWE Performance Centre earlier this month for an NXT tryout but injured themselves during a routine drill. They recently took on Twitter to announce the injury and promised to rehab "fiercely" and come back stronger than before.
Take a look at the statement issued by Stigma on social media:
For anyone who missed my original tweet-storm about this from Feb 5th...
Spread the word and stuff. pic.twitter.com/nCqwKw5Nqh — Teddy Stigma (@TeddyStigma) February 13, 2017
In case you didn't know...
Stigma is a decade old veteran in pro wrestling and has performed for independent promotions such as IGNITE, MCW, CCW and RONIN Pro Wrestling previously. A Champion everywhere they went, Stigma's hard work and dedication finally paid off after they got a call from WWE for an NXT tryout at the WWE Performance Centre.
However, their injury during a routine drill nixed the exciting opportunity for Stigma.
The heart of the matter
Stigma posted a statement disclosing their injury to the fans on February 5th via Twitter where they praised the medical staff at the Performance Centre for their prompt approach in dealing with the damage they did to their left knee.
This is what they had to say:
On the morning of the second day, doing a very routine drill that I've done a thousand times, I hurt my left knee. The extremely helpful medical staff at the Performance Center were quick to look at me and continue to check up on the injury. As far as we can tell, I have a strained MCL. It could be way worse. The timing was terrible, needless to say, and I had to sit out for the rest of the tryout, unable to prove my physical prowess (and I've got a decent amount of that). I plan on rehabbing this injury fiercely and coming back stronger than before.
What's next?
Teddy will now be seen in action on 18th March as they vie for the IGNITE Championship.
Sportskeeda's take
We at Sportskeeda wish Teddy Stigma a speedy recovery and hope to see them soon in the WWE ecosystem.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Trailing 2-1 after losing the doubles match on Saturday, Israel beat South Africa in both reverse singles matches to take the tie 3-2.
Dudi Sela downed Lloyd Harris 7-6 (2) 6-1 in the clash of the number ones, and Edan Leshem beat Lloyd Harris and Nik Scholtz 6-3 7-5.
This was the first time South Africa had lost a Cup tie at the Irene country club in Pretoria.
Israel will continue their quest to try advance to the main World Group when they face the Czech Republic in April, while SA will face a relegation play-off later in the year for the right to stay in the Europe-Africa Group I.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WENTZVILLE, Ill. – It's a new day at the Wentzville School District, as the ribbon was cut Monday on Stone Creek Elementary; and on Tuesday, the district will open Wahbash Elementary.
The 101,000 square-foot buildings are designed to accommodate the 1,600 K-6th grade students in the district.
Food trucks veterans' groups and the fire department were also on hand to celebrate. the classrooms offer new state of the art technology to keep kids up to speed.
“What you'll see is smart boards that are exceptionally portable throughout the classrooms that we have in place," said superintendent Dr. Curtis Cain.
The district has 120 teachers on staff, with approximately 16,400 students enrolled in Wentzville district-wide.
It cost about $36 million in tax and school reserves to build the two new schools.
School starts in the district on August 17.
VOLUNTEERS assembled in Thatcham to pack 180 bags, full of comforting items for children who have been placed in emergency accommodation following distressing events at home.
The Buddy Bags Foundation supports children who have been removed from traumatic domestic situations.
Around 20 volunteers took time to load up the bags at the first pack in the town council offices, recently.
Organiser Jess Liston said that the bags had been delivered to Newbury, Andover and Basingstoke.
“It was a really good experience,” they said.
“The bags are for children taken into emergency care, into a refuge, after a traumatic event at home, normally domestic abuse.
“They don't have anything as they have left quickly… they will be quite upset and traumatised, so it's packed with something that will be quite pleasant.”
Items range from teddy bears and books to toothbrushes and pyjamas.
Mrs Liston, who has recently moved to Surrey from Thatcham, said they held the event in the town as they knew the area and the local refuges.
When asked about their involvement with the charity, they said: “I just think it's fantastic.
“What I really like about it is that any money goes directly into a bag and not behind the scenes.
“So it's directly benefiting children.
“I used to work in domestic abuse so I get how important these will be for the children.”
The pack was held at Thatcham Town Council's offices in Brownsfield Road and Mrs Liston thanked the “brilliant staff” for taking the deliveries.
 They are planning to do another fundraiser in order to carry out another bag pack, with each bag costing £25.
The charity has donated more than 9,000 bags to children across the country.
To make a donation to Mrs Liston's scheme visit www.justgiving.com/fundraising/jessliston
A 14-year-old boy was refused a ride on a Wellington bus for trying to pay with a $20 note.
Andrew Dickson, 14, left home in Wainuiomata on Sunday morning with a plan to catch a Valley Flyer bus to Waterloo followed by a train to Masterton, where they had planned to spend a couple of days with their grandparents.
But their journey was almost stopped before it started.
“[The driver] said, ‘I don't have any change so you will have to get off',” they said.
The driver seemed “a bit angry” that they had the gall to present the note – which was a big change from a previous incident when they got on another bus with a $20 note and was simply allowed on for free.
Andrew's mother, Mary Dickson, who ended up having to drive them to Waterloo in order for them to get the train, was appalled by the driver's behaviour but impressed with how well Andrew dealt with the situation.
“I wouldn't have thought a $2 fare could possibly send the company bust,” they said in a Facebook post.
“Happy new year Metlink and also to the rude, arrogant woman bus driver.”
Andrew took it in their stride but “if it had been one of my younger [children] they would have been lost”, they said.
NZ Bus chief operating officer Tonia Haskell said the company had apologised to the family.
“When the office opens fully on Wednesday, we will talk to the driver,” Haskell said.
Prime Minister Theresa May has called general election.
The Conservative leader, who became Prime Minister in July made the announcement on the steps of Downing Street this morning.
The election will take place on June 8.
Addressing the media, Mrs May said: “I want to explain the reasons for that decision, what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election.
“Last summer, after the country voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership, and since I became Prime Minister the Government has delivered precisely that.
“Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger, since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high, record numbers of jobs, and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations.
“We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result.”
(Photo: Dan Kitwood/Getty Images)
The Prime Minister had previously denied they would call an election before the next scheduled poll in 2020.
But it is thought a strong opinion poll lead over Labour and the need for a mandate to over the coming Brexit negotiations has changed their mind.
The Fixed-Term Parliaments Act states a general election should be held on the first Thursday in May every five years under normal circumstances.
However, these rules do not apply if an early election is called.
The general election will come just five weeks after the West of England goes to the polls to vote for its first Metro Mayor.
Please support Whaleoil.
Click Here to subscribe to an ad-free Whaleoil.
Be part of making sure Whaleoil's voice continues.
Srinagar
Hurriyat Conference led by its chairperson Mirwaiz Umar Farooq on Monday urged India and Pakistan to shun the confrontational approach instead start a sustained dialogue to resolve Kashmir dispute. A spokesperson of the amalgam said a meeting of Hurriyat faction's executive and general council was held under the chairpersonship of Mirwaiz Umar Farooq at the amalgam's headquarters at Rajbagh.
The representatives of all the constituents of the amalgam participated in the meeting that discussed situation on ground with regard to the ongoing movement, they said.
“The participants of the meeting expressed serious concern over the growing escalation between India and Pakistan on the borders and stressed upon the two nations to shun the confrontational approach and instead start a sustained dialogue to resolve the root cause of the tension which is the Kashmir dispute,” the spokesperson said in a statement issued here. The participant, they said, expressed great distress at the killing of five members of a family in the cross border shelling in Mendhar area of Jammu region.
“Military approach adopted by India and Pakistan is going to yield nothing as neither can prove their superiority nor settle the dispute militarily as both are nuclear powers,” they said.
“All that is being achieved by repeated ceasefire violations is death and destruction and great suffering for the people of the region since last 30 years. This low intensity war among them can anytime take an ugly turn and bring the region on the brink of disaster.”
The meeting urged the leadership of both, India and Pakistan to mitigate the sufferings of people of Kashmir and put an end to this senseless violence by showing maturity and pragmatism and take steps to resolve the Kashmir issue as per the wishes and aspirations of people of Kashmir by pursuing a sustained and meaningful dialogue with all the stakeholders on board so that peace prevails in the South Asia, they said.
The meeting, they said, expressed serious concern over the efforts that India has entered into the race of buying weaponry on a large scale stating that enhancing the defence capabilities won't resolve the issue but instead complicate and worsen the already complex dispute of Kashmir which has consumed thousands of people over the past 70 years.
“The meeting stated that while India and Pakistan are trying to outdo each other in the arms race the fact remains that both countries have lakhs of people living below the poverty line in squalor. Basic facilities of healthcare and education elude them. There is so much that they need to do to lift the standard of living of their huge masses that it is so senseless that instead resources are being expended on military upkeep,” they said.—GK
Big film projects are likely to be affected by the upcoming cine workers' strike. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint
Mumbai: Nearly 250,000 cine employees and workers will go on an indefinite strike from 15 August, demanding various issues pending with the producers are addressed at the earliest.
The spot boys, junior artistes and all the workers on film sets and in the television industry will take part in the strike under the aegis of the Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE). “We are going on a strike with our long-pending demands. The workers are being made to work for over eight hours a day. There is a major issue of their safety. No provision has been made for the security of the workers,” FWICE president Birendra Nath Tiwari told PTI.
They said the workers had raised a similar demand in 2015 and were then assured by the producers that their increments would be raised by 13% in the first year, “which never happened.”
“They (producers) said they were facing losses due to GST (goods and services tax), demonetisation etc. and had settled for a 7.5% hike for the workers of the elite unions. But, those on a monthly basis are suffering. They are being treated as slaves,” they added.
According to Tiwari, the grievance of the workers was largely against the television producers and not the film producers. “The workers do not get payments even after 90 days. By then, the producer says let's settle the matter because they are facing losses. We have always been supportive, but things are just not working now,” they said.
The projects likely to be affected due to the strike include Shah Rukh Khan's next film, which is being directed by Aanand L. Rai, Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmavati and Amitabh Bachchan's Kaun Banega Crorepati Season 9.
A Tesla car that was in Autopilot mode crashed into a parked police SUV in southern California today. Picture: Laguna Beach Police Dept.
A Tesla car that was in Autopilot mode crashed into a parked police SUV in southern California today. Picture: Laguna Beach Police Dept.
POLICE in Southern California were first on scene at an electric car crash because the vehicle - on Autopilot at the time - rammed into a police cruiser.
Laguna Beach Police Sergeant Jim Cota told reporters the collision, which took place shortly after 11am on Tuesday, local time, resulted in minor injuries for the driver.
The police SUV ended up with its two passenger-side wheels on the footpath but no officers were injured.
Tesla's semi-autonomous Autopilot mode has come under scrutiny following other recent crashes. The carmaker says the function is not designed to avoid a collision and warns drivers not to rely on it entirely.
The crash site. Picture: Laguna Beach Police Department via AP
It works with the assistance of radar, 360-degree cameras and sensors to detect nearby vehicles. The Tesla on Autopilot is capable of changing lanes, parking and braking to avoid collisions, the company claims.
Earlier this month, a Tesla on Autopilot slammed into a fire truck in Utah. The 28-year-old driver told police they were looking at their phone when the crash happened, according to CBS News.
Tesla co-founder Elon Musk took to Twitter after the first crash to protest about the negative press coverage it was gathering. Responding to a story in the Washington Post, Musk wrote: "It's super messed up that a Tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the 40,000 people who died in US auto accidents alone in the past year get almost no coverage."
Earlier this month in Utah. Picture: Jordan Police Department via AP
"What's actually amazing about this accident is that a Model S hit a fire truck at 60 miles per hour and the driver only broke an ankle," Musk tweeted. "An impact at that speed usually results in severe injury or death."
Mr Cota expressed surprise on Tuesday when talking to reporters.
"Why do these vehicles keep doing that?" they said, according to the Los Angeles Times. "We're just lucky that people aren't getting injured."
In a statement, Tesla said it could not immediately confirm the driver's report about whether the vehicle was being operated manually at the time of the crash.
"Tesla has always been clear that Autopilot doesn't make the car impervious to all accidents."
- with AP
By Dennis Osei Gyamfi, GNA
Accra, April 24, GNA - Premier League side Elmina Sharks has moved swiftly to deny reports of a purported 10-match home ban imposed on the by the Ghana Football Association (GFA) Disciplinary Committee.
In a release signed by the Mr Kelvin Aboagye Yeboah, Assistant Manager, it said the report is nothing but a "vile propaganda being orchestrated by saboteurs of Elmina Sharks”.
According to the initial report, Elmina Sharks were given a 10 match home ban and a forfeiture of three points to Medeama SC, as well as a fine of GH¢15,000.00 after a horrific assault on referee Nuhu Liman Yakubu in their league clash with Medeama SC at home.
Meanwhile, Elmina Sharks in their denial of the report said that, the case was still before the GFA Disciplinary Committee and has received no official ruling on it.
"We wish to assure supporters of Elmina Sharks and followers of Ghana football to ignore such attempt at coercing the GFA into unjustly adjudicating in a matter that requires thorough deliberations to reach a ruling that would be fair, justly to all parties involved," the statement added.
"We therefore urge the media to desist from such attempt at whipping up wrong public sentiments against Elmina Sharks FC, who have applied themselves to the disciplinary processes of Ghana's football governing body, GFA by filing our responses to the charges brought against us by the DC,” it added.
GNA
Clemson's Hewson Named All-American by Golfweek
Clemson, S.C. (CAC) — Clemson sophomore golfer Alice Hewson has been named a third-team All-American by Golfweek.  They are the second women's golfer in the school's four-year history to earn All-America honors. Ashlan Ramsey was also a third-team All-American by Golfweek in 2014.
Hewson, who has been named first-team All-ACC each of their first two years, broke Ramsey's record for stroke average this year with a 72.39 figure in 2016-17. They also established the Clemson mark for birdies in a season with 111 The native of the United Kingdom had a record tying six top 10 finishes and 12 rounds under par in leading the Tigers to a No. 20 final national ranking, the highest for the program.
Hewson finished No. 30 in the nation according to the Golfweek/Sagarin national rankings for the 2016-17 season. It is the second highest final ranking by a Clemson women's golfer. Ramsey, now a professional, finished 27th according to Golfweek in 2013-14, the first year of the Clemson program.
In terms of other rankings, Hewson was rated the 44th best all-around player in the nation by Golfstat, was 16th in total birdies, 18th in scoring on par four holes (4.06), and 32nd in scoring average.
The women also called for Congress to investigate these allegations amid the dramatic shift happening nationwide in response to charges of sexual misconduct against men from Hollywood to Capitol Hill. Claims have erupted across industry after industry, against lawmakers and movie stars alike, as the country has shown a sudden, new-found willingness to take such accusations seriously.
During the television appearance and a news conference, Holvey sat alongside Jessica Leeds, a New York woman who said Trump groped them on a plane, and Rachel Crooks, who said they kissed them on the lips at Trump Tower, to renew their allegations against the president.
“I put myself out there for the entire world, and nobody cared,” Holvey said Monday on NBC's Megyn Kelly Today show.
It was “heartbreaking” for women to go public with their claims against President Trump last year, only to see them ascend to the Oval Office, said Samantha Holvey, a former Miss USA contestant who in October 2016 said Trump inappropriately inspected pageant participants.
As the country grapples with a national reckoning over sexual misconduct allegations against powerful men, three women who accused the most high-profile man in America again questioned Monday why their claims did nothing to stop them from winning the presidency.
Trump has denied all of the allegations against him, which were made public after The Washington Post published the Access Hollywood recording last year capturing Trump boasting about grabbing women by the genitals.
“These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory,” the White House said in a statement Monday. “The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes, and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them.”
The White House's position is that Trump's accusers are lying and that the issue was settled when they were elected president after the stories emerged.
Speaking to Megyn Kelly on Monday in their first joint interview, the women recounted their allegations against Trump, describing how they felt threatened and disgusted by these encounters.
Read more:
‘It was an assault,' says woman who claims Trump groped them on a plane over 30 years ago
Analysis: Could sexual assault allegations topple Trump?
The 13 times Donald Trump has been publicly accused of sexual misconduct: A complete list
“I was shocked,” Crooks told Kelly after describing Trump kissing them at Trump Tower. “Devastated. It happened so fast ... I wish I would've been courageous enough to say, ‘What's going on and you need to stop this.'”
Crooks said they felt at the time that they had no way to respond to the situation out of fear that if they reported it to their bosses — who did business with Trump's organization — they might lose their job. “I wish I had been stronger,” they said. Crooks said they came forward after reading an account from another woman accusing Trump of misconduct, saying that this made them feel a sense of relief knowing that “it wasn't just me.”
When the women were read the White House's statement Monday describing their claims as false, Crooks called it “laughable.”
The news conference was organized by Brave New Films, a non-profit group launched by Robert Greenwald, an Emmy Award-winning producer, with the goal of promoting activism around progressive causes through short low-budget documentaries. The group has a budget of about $2.6 million, according to Jim Miller, its executive director.
The company, which aims for mass free distribution via YouTube and other social networks, has produced videos about gun control and mass incarceration. In November, it posted a video about the women accusing Trump, weaving together clips of them retelling their stories. That video, along with the news conference, was funded by donations of between $5 and $50 that came in response to social media and email solicitations, the group said.
Greenwald said after the video was launched, their group decided to reach out to the women, some of whom hesitated when they received an email about it.
“I didn't want to go through it all again,” Holvey said in an interview after the news conference, recalling the backlash a year ago and the feeling that they hadn't been heard. But the idea of getting together with other women who had similar experiences interested them
“As a group there might be more of an impact,” they said. And they were also noticing a change in their Facebook feed in the #metoo era, seeing people asking: “What about Trump?”
Some women contacted by Brave New Films were too fearful of joining the news conference, Greenwald said. The three who did gather met at a dinner Sunday night for the first time.
Beyond pushing for renewed attention to their claims, it was unclear what the women hoped would be the next step after the news conference. Greenwald said that answer would come later, saying for now that they believe “we have an opportunity.”
Leeds said at the news conference Monday that none of the women were speaking publicly for fame, but instead were doing it because they felt it was the right thing to do.
“None of us want this attention,” Leeds said at the news conference. “None of us are comfortable with it ... But this is important, so when asked, we speak out.”
The women spoke Monday as a wave of allegations of sexual assault and harassment by men have swept across the country in recent weeks, stretching into fields including politics, entertainment, the media, the courts and the finance industry.
Numerous high-profile men have been fired or suspended, including Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein and broadcaster Charlie Rose, while others have announced plans to step down, including Sen. Al Franken and Rep. John Conyers Jr., both of whom said last week that they would leave Congress over mounting allegations.
Not all men accused publicly have been fired or stepped down. Trump has endorsed Roy Moore, the Republican nominee in Alabama's closely-fought Senate election, even after multiple women came forward to say that Moore made advances toward them when they were teens and they were in their 30s. One of the accusers said they were 14 at the time. Moore has denied the allegations,
For Trump's accusers, it appears Moore is following the script Trump used a year ago in their own election.
“He was able to just deny what we said, and that got them elected just fine,” Crooks said Monday at the news conference. “It's like he's passing the torch for Roy to do the same.”
Holvey suggested it made sense for Trump's accusers to speak to the public again given the way the country's atmosphere — and response to alleged sexual misconduct — has shifted over the last year.
“Let's try round two,” they said. “The environment's different, let's try again.”
A day before the women spoke, Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said that women who have accused Trump “should be heard.”
Haley's comments were a sharp break from the White House's position, and they were particularly notable coming from one of the most high-profile women serving in Trump's administration.
“They should be heard, and they should be dealt with,” Haley said when asked on CBS's “Face the Nation” about the allegations other women have made against Trump. “And I think we heard from them before the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
The Trump administration has said before it views the issue as settled. When asked in October whether the White House's position was that all of the women are lying, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, Trump's press secretary, told reporters: “Yeah, we've been clear on that from the beginning, and the president has spoken on it.”
For women who accused Trump of sexual misconduct last year, watching other men felled by allegations has left them wondering why their claims did not have the same impact during the presidential campaign.
Trump has denied the allegations against him, vowing to sue their accusers and produce “substantial evidence” they said would disprove their claims. So far, they have not followed through on either promise.
One lawsuit has emerged from the allegations made against Trump: One of their accusers, Summer Zervos, sued them in New York for defamation over Trump's repeated comments that all of the women were liars.
Zervos, a former contestant on The Apprentice, said Trump kissed and groped them during a 2007 encounter at the Beverly Hills Hotel. In response, Trump said: “False stories. All made up. Lies. Lies. No witnesses. No nothing. All big lies.”
Trump's attorneys have decried Zervos's lawsuit, calling it “politically motivated” and based on allegations of something “that never occurred.” They have sought to have the suit dismissed, arguing that they were expressing a political opinion and saying a sitting U.S. president cannot be sued in state court.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 10:48 am |
In this file photo, President Donald Trump (L) speaks during a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House in Washington, including Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier (C) and Ford CEO Mark Fields. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File)
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (Reuters) - Merck's chief executive resigned on Monday from a business panel led by President Donald Trump, citing a need for leadership countering bigotry in a strong rebuke to the president over their response to a violent white nationalist rally in Virginia.
The departure of Kenneth Frazier from the president's American Manufacturing Council added to a storm of criticism of President Trump over their handling of Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, in which a woman was killed when a man drove their car into a group of counter-protesters.
Frazier did not name President Trump or criticize them directly in a statement posted on the pharmaceutical company's Twitter account, but the rebuke was implicit.
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy,” said Frazier, who is black.
President Trump immediately hit back, referring to a longstanding gripe about expensive drugs. Now that they had left the panel, Frazier would have more time to focus on lowering “ripoff” drug prices, Trump said in a Twitter post.
The outrage over Trump's reaction to the Charlottesville violence was for comments on Saturday in which they denounced what they called “this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.”
Under pressure to take an unequivocal stand against right-wing extremists who occupy a loyal segment of President Trump's political base, the administration sought to sharpen its message on Sunday.
The White House issued a statement insisting President Trump was condemning “all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups.” Vice President Mike Pence also denounced such groups on Sunday.
President Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions, tried to defend the president over their reaction, appearing on a series of morning talk shows on Monday.
Asked about the president's words and lack of direct condemnation of white nationalist groups, Sessions defended Trump's statement and said they expected them to address the incident again later on Monday.
Trump was scheduled to meet with Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray on Monday morning to discuss the Charlottesville incident, the White House said in a statement.
Today Mostly cloudy, then gradually becoming sunny, with a high near 48. South wind 7 to 9 mph becoming north northwest in the afternoon.
Tonight Mostly cloudy, with a low around 19. North wind 8 to 15 mph.
Tuesday Partly sunny, with a high near 28. Wind chill values as low as 4. North wind 11 to 16 mph.
Tuesday Night Mostly cloudy, with a low around 9. North wind 7 to 9 mph.
Wednesday Partly sunny, with a high near 26.
Wednesday Night A 20 percent chance of snow before midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 9.
Thursday Mostly sunny, with a high near 22.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This tale of the unexpected is a chilling whodunnit – and kicks off with a shocking death. Talented young cellist Tilly is about to go on stage to perform at the Royal Festival Hall.
But then their mother Janice – usually a real ‘stage mum' – turns up half-dressed, hands them a bunch of flowers and slits their own throat. It's the start of a rollercoaster ride where nothing is ever as it seems.
‘It's a psychological drama, but in a sneaky way,' says Lydia Wilson, who plays Tilly. ‘She's a girl from London in Converse trainers whose life suddenly spirals into this giant mystery. Requiem starts off with the banality of every day life in the city, then it suddenly goes, “Woah!”'
(Image: BBC)
After the death of Janice, daughter Tilly finds a shoe box on their mother's bed. It contains photos, a video tape and newspaper clippings about a little girl called Carys Howell.
Carys disappeared from a Welsh village 23 years before.
So with their friend Hal (Joel Fry) they leaf London behind and heads to Penllynith to speak to locals – but they couldn't be less welcoming.
Spookily, wealthy landowner Ewan Dean jumped off their roof the day before Janice (Joanna Scanlan) committed suicide. Even more spookily, they smashed all their mirrors first, and ghostly sounds were heard when they died. Tilly also realises she's having a recurring dream about finding a little girl in a creepy basement.
(Image: BBC)
The six-parter soon turns into part ghost story, part mystery.
‘It's going to keep people guessing right to the end,' promises Downton Abbey's Brendan Coyle, who plays the detective who investigated Carys's disappearance.
As Tilly starts digging up the past, suspicion falls on many of the villagers. It's an intense story, and took its toll on actor Lydia. ‘It was very tough,' they reveal. ‘I'd be crying on my days off.'
Viewers might find it all rather unsettling too. The first episode ends with a major reveal. It will leave you bewildered as you wonder what happened in Tilly's past, and eager for more.
Requiem is on Fri 9pm BBC1 then full series on iPlayer
When this media company found the big partners it needed to fulfill its mission at scale, it had to be strategic with its resources to meet their demands.
Nuria Santamaría Wolfe says they grew up feeling like they were living in two worlds. Born in El Salvador, they moved to Los Angeles with their family at age 3. Them childhood home life was filled with Latino culture, and Spanish is their first language, but living in the U.S. immersed them in the American mainstream. They learned how to transition between the two worlds, they say, and proudly grew up with a bicultural identity.
Even before graduating from high school, Santamaría Wolfe knew that they wanted to pursue a career addressing the ways in which Hispanic people were underserved and underrepresented. They decided to study economics in college at Stanford and minored in Spanish, despite their fluency, to ready themselves to use the language in a business context.
Eventually, they worked their way up to Twitter, where they headed up multicultural strategy for the social platform, identifying the market opportunities associated with long underrepresented and growing demographics.
“I got to the point where I realized, sometimes brands understand the opportunity and don't act on it,” Santamaría Wolfe says, “or want to act on it but don't know how to act on it.”
Related: How Lyft Goes Beyond Picking Up Drunk People From Bars by Giving Patients Rides to the Doctor's
Then, in 2015, they became a mother and saw a massive opportunity for more Latino culture in children's media. They co-founded Encantos Media Studios with the goal of creating products to the bridge gaps between cultures. The first brand under the Encantos umbrella is Canticos, which publishes Latino nursery rhymes in books, sing-along videos and interactive app formats.
“We weren't going to wait for Disney or another media company to do this,” Santamaría Wolfe, who also serves as Encantos CEO, says. “We were passionate about doing this not just because it was a business opportunity, but almost because of social good. We felt we had to do it -- for the culture, for the people.”
Santamaría Wolfe and their team have several goals for their self-funded media startup. They founded it as a public-benefit corporation and prioritize giving -- through in-kind donations, partnerships with charitable organizations, events, educational materials for kids and parenting resources.
They also want their products to appeal to more than just Latino families. The long-term plan is to create content for a range of cultures. For instance, Canticos stories, Santamaría Wolfe explains, are meant to make Latinos feel proud to see their culture represented, and give non-Latino parents an opportunity to expose their kids to diverse and bilingual content.
But the mass appeal the company had worked to cultivate would be much more powerful as a mass-market scale. Not to mention, financial growth would allow the public-benefit corporation to better fulfill its social mission. As partnership opportunities have arisen with big players such as Target, Nickelodeon and Burt's Bees, Encantos has worked to deliver new products quickly by leveraging existing smaller partnerships and in-house talent, when possible.
“When we think about going from a small, family-owned startup to scaling and playing with the big guys,” Santamaría Wolfe says, “it's about finding that balance of capitalizing on short-term opportunities while not sacrificing the long-term vision that we have.”
Here's how Encantos has stayed lean despite the demands of new distributors.
The fix
Target and Encantos began talks due to the retailer's hunger for more bilingual children's books. When Encantos first met with Target, it had four book titles out in market at the time. The problem was, they were not mass-market friendly and featured details such as a slip-cover and accordion-like expansion that made them more suited for boutique book stores. Encantos anticipated Target would want a smaller, pared-down version -- the existing one wouldn't fit on its shelves -- and brought a mock of a simpler version to the meeting. The companies worked together to retain the authenticity of the stories and the interactivity of the products that Encantos has prioritized from the day it was founded.
Image Credit: Encantos Media Studios, PBC
The challenge, however, was that Target wanted the new version of the books in a matter of three months, while Encantos had slated production for them a year out. Despite the magnitude of this deal, Encantos used its existing resources to handle it. The company called up its printer, a fellow startup, and explained the situation. The printer fast-tracked the process, and Encantos made Target's deadline.
Related: Productive Partnerships: How a 'David' Can Partner With 'Goliath'
This fall, Encantos has entered into another large partnership, with Nickelodeon. It had already been creating animated content for its own YouTube channel, which has more than 117,000 subscribers -- its singalong videos contain animated versions of the artwork in Canticos nursery rhyme books. Again, the company faced an aggressive timeline: The new content is slated to debut in spring 2018.
“We had to work on short-form, digital content that needed to live on Nickelodeon's platform,” Santamaría Wolfe says. “We had to up the ante of the quality and quantity. And we were not set up to do that.”
In this case, Encantos made the decision to call upon new help for aspects such as storyboarding and post-production, hiring animation studio Mercury Filmworks.
“It's about understanding where your limitations are going to be,” Santamaría Wolfe says of the decision, “and when it's time to bring in an additional partner.”
That said, Encantos relies heavily on its diversely talented in-house team. For example, the company's art director for Canticos books also designs the website and will soon work on additional consumer products Encantos and Nickelodeon has in the works, such as children's bedding. Encantos' CTO has a music background and consults on lyrics and translations, but the company's production work happens externally.
“You have to be self-aware, as an organization,” Santamaría Wolfe says. “It's great to wear all hats and be a jack-of-all-trades, but you have to know when it's not going to be enough and fill those gaps in talent.”
They also note that, when possible, companies seeking rapid growth should also look for jacks of all trades when hiring external talent as well, rather than seeking several one-off freelancers to build relationships with.
The results
Cantico books appeared on shelves of 400 Target stores in October 2017 after the three-month turnaround earlier this year.
“We remained working with a partner that we respected and appreciated,” Santamaría Wolfe says of Encantos' relationship with its printer, which has helped release six titles, four of which come in two book formats. “Small companies work well with small companies.”
Encantos sells its books across the U.S. as well as in Europe, Asia and Latin America. It recently added Costco Puerto Rico as a distributor.
Image Credit: Erica Rojas
The company will grow its digital reach from to 2.6 million when it hits Nickelodeon's platforms this spring. The studio that will have made this possible, Mercury Filmworks, is based in Ottawa, Canada, and Santamaría Wolfe explains that this was a strategic move: Canada offers tax credits for animation work, which is saving Encantos money -- money that it can allocate to public-benefit efforts.
“I think we've been really smart about the way in which we've used our resources, financial and people wise,” Santamaría Wolfe says. “We try to move fast, but very thoughtfully, in the way that we do things, and it's given us opportunities to start to give back very early on.”
Another take
When trying to decide whether to complete a project internally or with external help, companies should ask themselves what the costs of each option are, says Amy Blitz, a lecturer at Babson College who has led organizational research at IBM, McKinsey and other institutions throughout their career.
“A company might decide it wants to do something in-house if it decides that type of project is core enough to its strategy going forward that it needs to develop those kinds of capabilities,” Blitz says.
Related: 9 Ways to Recruit the Best Talent for Your Startup
They cite Apple's move into retail in the early 2000s as an example. The tech giant determined it would be beneficial to operate its own stores, rather than leave the sales of its products to third parties such as Best Buy. Similarly, Netflix and Amazon have been producing their own TV content, as well as streaming licensed works.
Companies should have insights into whether their direct competitors are building vs. buying certain aspects of their business, but know the same strategy may be right applicable for any number of reasons. A company that takes on a new project in-house may have to dial down efforts in another area. Because of this, Blitz says, it's important that a company knows where it wants to focus -- and plan ahead.
Other costs may involve managing the group that is completing the project, whether its longstanding employees or a freelancer or agency. Although outsourcing allows more flexibility for companies that don't need certain capabilities on a constant or regular basis, the tradeoff is building rapport and trust. Terms of a partnership such as each party's ownership and responsibilities inevitably come into play.
Blitz shares an anecdote of a pair of partners that built a technology solution to keep sensitive information such as intellectual property private. Other organizations may agree upon regular check-ins or surveys to make sure each is holding up its end of the deal, happy with the arrangement and seeking ways to improve it. Another idea is to have internal and external teams report to the same person to “force the two groups to see each other as collaborators, rather than competitors,” Blitz explains
Partnerships of any size have a bearing on a company's branding and its employees', customers' and suppliers' perceptions of its values, and opening the wrong door can cause others to close.
“Companies should ask, ‘Who are we? What do we do? How do we do it -- at a profit?” Blitz says. “And, what don't we do?'”
Related video: Filmmaker Ken Burns Explains How to Build a Team You'd Trust in Battle
USA TodayUSA Today
On Saturday night, Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme kicked photographer Chelsea Lauren while “in a state of being lost in performance.”
On Sunday, Homme apologized on QOTSA's social media accounts.
“I don't have any excuse or reason … I was a total d**k … I'm truly sorry, and I hope you're okay.” They continue, “I've made a lot of mistakes in my life, and last night was definitely one of them.”
View the full apology below.
Prior to Homme's apology, Lauren posted the following:
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif has said that poverty alleviation from South Punjab is the top priority of the government. It is for the first time that a colossal sum of Rs.213 billion has been earmarked for the southern Punjab which would herald new period of development and prosperity in that part of the province. They expressed these views while talking to elected representatives of southern Punjab. The Chief Minister said that a mega programme to provide clean drinking water has been launched at cost of Rs.25 billion. This programme would be completed in the beginning of 2018. Meanwhile, Khawaja Fareed University of Engineering & Technology has been established in Rahim Yar Khan, while funds have been earmarked for Muzaffargarh-DG Khan and Alipur-Punjnad dual carriageway. Work on Lodhran-Khanewal road has been started. Rs.45 billion have been allocated for development works in Bahawalpur division. Safe city projects will be started in Multan and Bahawalpur. The Chief Minister said that Zawar-e-Taleem Programme has been introduced to mitigate the problems being faced by girls areas in their studies belonging to less developed.
Senators centre Jean-Gabriel Pageau drops Bruins defenseman Charlie McAvoy to the ice on a hard check during Game 3 of their playoff series on Monday. ( Charles Krupa / The Associated Press )
BOSTON—Bobby Ryan scored the winner on a power play 5:43 into overtime as the Ottawa Senators beat the Boston Bruins 4-3 on Monday night to take a 2-1 lead in their Eastern Conference quarter-final series. Ryan tipped the puck past Rask off a pass from Kyle Turris. Ottawa was awarded the man advantage when Boston's Riley Nash was whistled for roughing 4:38 into overtime after throwing a punch at Ryan. It is the second straight game in the series that has gone to overtime, with Dion Phaneuf scoring 1:59 in Saturday's extra period to send the Sens to a 4-3 victory in Game 2. Mike Hoffman scored two goals and Derick Brassard added another for the Senators. Craig Anderson made 17 saves. Noel Acciari, David Backes and David Pastrnak scored for the Bruins while Tuukka Rask had 28 stops.
Article Continued Below
Game 4 is Wednesday in Boston. Hoffman polished off a breakaway after a lengthy saucer pass from Erik Karlsson to put Ottawa up 1-0 at 7:40 of the opening period. Brassard struck 25 seconds later, hammering home a tip from Ryan after Viktor Stalberg's pass from behind the net, making it 2-0.
The Bruins managed three shots on goal in the first and just one in the final 16:18 of the period, and neither side got off a shot in the last 9:47. Hoffman's power-play snipe 3:42 into the second put the Sens ahead 3-0. For the second straight game, the Bruins erupted for three goals in the second to bring a sold out TD Garden crowd of 17,565 to life. Acciari, making their playoff debut, scored on a redirect at 6:05 to cut the deficit to 3-1. Backes stole the puck and netted another goal 42 seconds later to make it 3-2. Pastrnak tied it with their first career playoff goal on a wrister seconds after the Bruins' 5-on-3 advantage ended at 13:51. Anderson stopped all nine shots Boston sent their way in the third and Rask brushed aside seven to send the game to overtime. David Krejci returned for the Bruins after missing the first two games of the series with an upper-body injury. Colin Miller skated during warm-ups but missed their second straight game after suffering a lower-body injury in Game 1. Notes: Sens D Ben Harpur made their playoff debut, replacing Mark Borowiecki after they suffered a lower-body injury in Game 2. ... Karlsson was not on the ice for Monday's morning skate. “He never needs to practice,” coach Guy Boucher said. ... Boston D Tommy Cross also made their playoff debut.
New Delhi: Actor Ranbir Kapoor and Abhishek Bachchan with other B-town celebs and TV celebs were in Singapore to play a charity football match. But the duo were seen grooving to Abhishek, Aishwarya Rai and Amitabh Bachchan's famous number 'Kajra Re'.
In the video posted by a fan, you can clearly hear 'Kaala Chasma' being played in the background but the guys decide to change the norm and do 'Kajra re' steps instead.
Check out the video full of bromance:
Abhishek replied to the Twitter user, ‘Hahaha. Ranbir and I just couldn't get the steps so we did one that we knew.”
The trailer of the most-awaited film 'Sanju' of Ranbir Kapoor was unveiled today.The teaser opens with a shot of Sanju stepping out of the Yerwada Jail. And the first glimpse of Ranbir in the teaser as Sanju showcases the actor's passion for their craft. Ranbir has not just sported Dutt's look but has also absorbed their body language to the T.
The teaser takes us through the timeline which shows Sanjay Dutt played by Ranbir as a twenty-two-year-old talking about drug addiction to a matured young man in their late twenties who work on their physique to build a body to die for; the teaser compiles significant and contrasting times the actor has seen in life - a luxurious life abroad and the darkness within the four walls of a prison.
The film has been produced by Vinod Chopra Films and Rajkumar Hirani Films in association with Fox Star Studios.
Christmas family fun has arrived at Yorkshire's Flamingo Land with its award-winning zoo and many attractions open throughout the winter.
The theme park's rides and attractions are now closed until mid March 2018 but there's still an action packed family day out in store for visitors - and the best way to see it all is a short winter break. Full details below and visit www.flamingoland.co.uk.
It is open daily except Christmas Day.
SAVE UP TO £140: Flamingo Land 2018 annual pass exclusive limited reader offer - CLICK HERE.
Added attractions to celebrate Christmas include Story Time with Santa - with The Exploratorium transformed into a spectacular grotto, complete with reindeer.
Santa with their elves entertain with a 45-minute festive tale, before meeting children with a traditional gift and a photo opportunity, now available Saturday to Sunday, December 16 to 24, at 11am, 1pm and 3pm.
Story Time with Santa costs £10 per child, in addition to Winter at Flamingo Land general admission. A parent or guardian can accompany each child during Story Time with Santa at no additional charge.
Flamingo Land Zoo remains open during the winter from 10am until 4pm, with attractions including more that 140 species of reptiles, mammals, fish, amphibians and birds.
Youngsters can also enjoy Peter Rabbit and Lily Bobtail's playgrounds, Children's Planet, Reptile River, Muddy Duck Farm, Treetop Walkway and The Aquarium.
The lemur and lorikeet aviary walkthroughs are open from midday until 2pm. These provide unrestricted views and the opportunity for up-close encounters. You can visit the Wallaby Walkway between 10am and 4pm.
Story Time with Santa
Access to the sea lion area is available from 12.30pm to 2pm each day.
There are Keeper Talks too, plus Meet a Creature session in the Education Centre at 3:15pm.
On Saturdays, Sundays and throughout the school holidays, further attractions and events have been added. These include a Sea Lion Show at 2pm and a Bird Show at 12pm.
The Peter Rabbit and Lily Bobtail characters are also out and about, with two meet and greet sessions available each day at the Peter Rabbit Adventure playground, at 12pm and 2pm,
Meet Peter Rabbit and Lily Bobtail
A small selection of rides for younger children are available too, including the Muddy Duck Tractors, Jungle Carousel, Mischief Mansion and Wacky Races. We're sure this will provide another great way to keep them entertained.
Animal lovers of all ages can enjoy Keeper Talks and a Meet a Creature session each day, all included as part of general admission. Simply wait by the meeting point sign located at each of the relevant enclosures, or make your way to our Education Centre at 3.15pm for Meet a Creature.
At Flamingo Land they are always looking for new ways to help you get even more out of your day. With their Animal Encounters, you can enjoy a 20 to 30-minute session that will provide first-hand experience of giraffes, lemurs, meerkats, penguins or sea lions from just £20. To book, simply visit our website in advance, call 0800 40 888 40 or visit the Zoo Shop upon arrival.
It is advised to pre-book your Animal Encounter and is subject to availability. Age restrictions apply, with a minimum age of 8 years. 8 to 12 year olds must be accompanied by an adult.
Enjoy lunch or afternoon tea at the Mansion House & Tearooms - pre-book by calling 0800 40 888 40.
Muddy Duck Café provides a mouth-watering range of freshly filled baguettes, sandwiches, sweet and savoury pastries, muffins and cakes, complemented by Costa coffee, speciality teas, rich hot chocolate, mulled wine and chilled juices.
Flamingo Land's award-winning zoo and many attractions open every day except Christmas Day
For those visitors who enjoy a little retail therapy, there are plenty of opportunities for you to indulge. Peter Rabbit™ Gifts and their Zoo Shop is packed with a great range of Christmas stocking fillers and mementoes of your day.
There's so much for all the family to do and see at Flamingo Land this winter that the best way to see it all is a winter break with luxury lodges, cottages and holiday homes available on site. Full details call 0800 40 888 or CLICK HERE.
Those staying over can enjoy the Splash Zone, an extensive leisure complex complete with its pool and gym, plus entertainment in the Zoo Bar on Friday and Saturday evenings, starting with a children's show at 6pm.
The parkland location provides easy access to spectacular Yorkshire countryside and for those who like to indulge in a little retail therapy, the delights of historic York are ideal for Christmas shopping.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
BASC (the British Association for Shooting and Conservation) are a strong and unified voice for shooting. BASC promote high standards in shooting through safety training and actively engage on legislative matters that may affect shooting, conservation and agricultural pest control interests.
Accessing remote offroad areas is all part of a day's work for BASC, and they have now joined with Isuzu and Subaru to offer BASC Member discounts across their best-selling ranges of 4x4 cars and pick-ups. The move is timed to coincide with the launch of the new Isuzu D-Max, which gets its UK public premiere at the Balmoral Show next month.
BASC Officer Jonny Orr said: “We're delighted to have the full ranges of Subaru and Isuzu available with very attractive terms exclusive to our members. There's an obvious affinity with these extremely capable 4x4 cars and pick-ups, their ability to go pretty much anywhere safely off road with a shooting party is immediately obvious when you get behind the wheel.
“The D-Max Huntsman is particularly attractive – trim items such as grille, mirror housings and door handles are blacked out to reduce reflections, inside the lockable canopy there's a slide-out drawer arrangement ideal for guns, cartridges or sharps, syringes and livestock drugs. It's cleverly concealed and simply accessed. There's a drop down flap to prevent gundog legs being snared by the tailgate, and ample room for optional accessory dog cages. Isuzu even offer a rear winch for hauling carcasses into the loadspace – handy for red deer stalkers and fallen livestock.
“Subaru have become very popular with vets and agricultural businesses, buyers keep them for many years and work them hard and long,” said Jonny. “Large cargo areas and their 4x4 functionality combine well with the ability to carry five occupants in superbly comfortable spacious interiors. There's a choice of economical diesel or petrol Boxer power units. On and offroad Subaru's high qualities shine through, it's a fantastic range of SUV's - all Japanese built, backed by a superb manufacturer warranty.
“We're delighted to have this new relationship with BASC,” said Alastair Kerr, Subaru and Isuzu's Regional Manager in Northern Ireland. “Many of our customers have real affinity with BASC's objectives. Subaru and Isuzu have a strong presence in farming communities and are a favourite choice of many rural businesses so it's a pleasure to strengthen these bonds further. Our newest D-Max launches at Balmoral Show and is available now to members to pre-order for May deliveries. Come and see us on Stand D8 at the show, we'll have the first UK showing of the full new D-Max range, and our best selling Subarus – the Forester, XV Crossover and Outback will all be on display.”
BASC have 140,000 members across the UK, their Northern Ireland office is on 0289 265 050. Full vehicle information is available at www.isuzu.co.uk and www.subaru.co.uk or any of six Isuzu dealers across NI and Subaru in Lisburn and Enniskillen. Be sure to tell them that Farming Life sent you!
In one of the most anticipated unions of 2018, just below Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding, PC Plus and Shoppers Optimum points became one starting Feb. 1.
Though we've had some notice, the change may still come as a jolt. Metro answers your burning questions:
Do I need a new card?
If you are already a PC Plus or Shoppers Optimum Member, you need to go online and set up a merged account at www.pcoptimum.ca. Or you can download the app. (Warning: there are already reports of glitches.) If that's too much, you can also go to a store and they will exchange your old card for a new one, according to the new PC Optimum website.
FIFA has cleared Pontus Jansson to join Leeds United on July 1 after resolving a complaint lodged by Torino over their pending transfer to Elland Road.
Torino placed the signing of Jansson in doubt by accusing Leeds of failing to pay a £3.5m fee on time, but FIFA have confirmed that its investigation had been settled.
Leeds – still to appoint a replacement for Garry Monk following their resignation as head coach three weeks ago – disputed Torino's claim that payment was due to be made when Jansson made the 22nd appearance of their season-long loan at Elland Road back in January, a match which activated a clause allowing United to sign them on a permanent basis.
Leeds moved to head off the dispute by paying an initial instalment last month, with FIFA confirming that the matter has been resolved.
Swedish international Jansson, who limped out of Tuesday night's friendly with Norway with a knee problem which is not thought to be serious, had already agreed and signed a three-year deal prior to Torino complaining to FIFA and will officially join Leeds on July 1.
Meanwhile, Rotherham United manager Paul Warne is confident that the signing of experienced MK Dons midfielder Darren Potter is a perfect fit for the Millers, set to complete further signings shortly, including ex-Fleetwood forward David Ball.
One-time Sheffield Wednesday schemer Potter, 32, has signed a two-year deal and worked with Millers No 2 Richie Barker at MK, who provided Warne with a glowing recommendation.
Warne said: “I want someone who can control the pace of the play and someone who will allow the front five or six to really attack.  They are the perfect fit for me.  They are an experienced professional who has played loads of games and they are a really good character.”
Kufre Ekanem (right), Corporate Affairs Adviser NB Plc handing over keys to a block of classrooms, library and toilet facilities built and equipped by Nigerian Breweries - Felix Ohiwerei Education Trust Fund for Egbuoma Secondary School in Imo State to Prince Eze Madumere, Deputy Governor of Imo State (left) to the admiration of Prof. Anthony Anwukah (middle), Honourable Minister of State for Education.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Negotiations over the terms of Brexit will take place in a £274m, psychedelic, multi-coloured 'space egg'.
Brussels' eye-popping new Europa building, designed by Belgian architect Philippe Samyn, will be the new home for both the European Council and the Council of the EU.
Both groups include heads of state and ministers from the member nations, and will be instrumental in the two-year tussle over the UK's departure deal.
And Europa has a carpet so technicolour only Joseph themselves could have dreamed it up.
Let's take a tour of the hilarious building in which Britain's future place in the world will be decided.
That's right, it cost £274 million
David Cameron described the project as a "gilded cage" for leaders, as their nations tightened their belts.
It's already been nicknamed the 'space egg'
And what hatches out of it will be down to Theresa May and David Davis ' negotiation skills.
It has 3,750 windows, as a symbol of transparency
Apparently the design came to Samyn in a dream, which is odd, because it'll be a nightmare for window cleaners.
But all the meeting rooms are in the central 'egg', and can't be seen from the outside
Not big on irony in Brussels, are they? You can't make an omelette...
The atrium is well space age, but the building has a history
Returning to the windows for a moment, the frames are all recycled from buildings across the 28 member states.
...in fact, it used to be a Nazi HQ
The rear part of the building has previously been a government ministry and a Nazi headquarters during the occupation of Belgium.
And on top of all the summits and arguments that will take place in these gloriously bizarre premises, there's a huge question...
What are they going to do with the UK's delegation rooms after we leave?
It also increases public confidence in the court system. No less an authority than McLachlin themselves has said that “many people, particularly women and visible minorities, may have less than complete trust in a system composed exclusively or predominantly of middle-aged white men in pinstriped trousers.”
The importance of this goes beyond symbolism, however. It has long been accepted that diversity on the bench improves the quality of justice by widening the range of perspectives brought to judicial decision-making.
The government should make it a priority to find the best-qualified Indigenous jurist to fill this crucial position. In 2017, as Canada marks the 150th anniversary of Confederation, it would be hugely symbolic for First Nations people finally to see one of their own on the high court.
Beverley McLachlin has just announced they will step down as chief justice in December. That will open up a vacancy and hand the Trudeau government another opportunity to shape the top court and Canadian law for many years to come.
It's time for the federal government to appoint an Indigenous judge to the Supreme Court of Canada – or explain why not.
Of course, many will argue that judges should be chosen strictly by merit, without regard for other factors. But it is beyond belief at this point that only white (and still mostly male) lawyers can meet the standards of professional skill, experience and integrity to qualify for appointment to the bench.
At the same time, Canada's judiciary has been slow to change, although the pace has picked up under the Trudeau government. A survey last year showed that a scant 1 per cent of judges in provincial superior and lower courts are Indigenous (indeed, only 3 per cent are from visible minorities). The courts simply don't reflect the country's population.
This is especially important for Indigenous people, who are hugely over-represented in the justice system. As Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould pointed out last year, while they form about 4.3 per cent of Canada's population, they make up more than a quarter of prison inmates. In some parts of the country, Indigenous people are up to 33 times more likely to end up behind bars.
And on the Supreme Court we have long accepted that other factors should be taken into account. The Constitution requires that Quebec, in recognition of its unique legal system, gets three seats on the nine-member court. And by convention and tradition, seats are allotted by region, as well.
This is the most outdated and superfluous requirement of all. Requiring that a judge be from the Atlantic region or the West ignores all other factors of diversity and should be seen a relic of the past. It would undoubtedly be politically difficult to ignore those conventions, but they don't serve the interest of making sure the top court embodies the true diversity of the country.
Bilingualism, too, should not be the deciding factor for all Supreme Court appointments. The Trudeau government added a requirement that all candidates for membership on the court be “functionally bilingual” when it revamped the appointment process last year, but that is a bar to many otherwise qualified judges, particularly from the West.
First Nations leaders argue that it also creates an unfair barrier for Indigenous candidates. They might well be bilingual in English and an Indigenous language, but adding French is a high hurdle.
The Supreme Court should obviously function in both official languages, and the chief justice should be bilingual. But it's not clear why every member of the court should be fluent in both French and English, especially since very little of the court's work involves oral arguments.
The final objection to appointing an Indigenous justice to the top court is that there simply aren't enough First Nations judges to pick from.
That ignores the obvious qualifications of some leading figures – such as Sen. Murray Sinclair, who led the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on residential schools and served as a judge in Manitoba. More to the point, it suggests that the solution to diversity on the bench is simply to wait for Indigenous and other minority people to work their way up through the legal profession. That's fine, as long as we're willing to wait years or decades for something approaching fair representation in the courts.
That's how it's mostly worked in the past, without great results. More than 20 years ago the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples advised the federal government of the time to appoint the first Indigenous jurist to the Supreme Court. Of course, nothing happened.
It's time for the federal government to seize the moment and make an historic appointment. Like Trudeau's decision to appoint the first gender-balanced cabinet, it may seem impossible – until it's done.
If, however, the government cannot find the right candidate this year, it should not pass over this moment in silence. It should explain why it was unable to appoint an Indigenous justice at this time and set out steps that will make it more likely for that to happen in the near future.
Most obviously, that would include appointing more qualified Indigenous lawyers to judicial positions and promoting more of those already on the bench to more senior levels. The government should make sure the pool of Indigenous candidates is deeper and ensure that future governments have fewer excuses not to select a First Nations candidate.
The Trudeau government has pledged to make reconciliation with Indigenous people one of its highest priorities. Few things would go as far as changing the face of Canada's highest court.
Longtime readers of this weekly column may remember that King Radio has always been one of my very favorite bands. So imagine my delight at learning that two of its members, main singer-songwriter Frank Padellaro and their partner Brandi Ediss, have a new side project named Simple Friend.
While King Radio mainly serves as a vehicle for Padellaro's gorgeous pop-rock, Simple Friend will feature a mix of Ediss' original songs . We play some of their original songs, some songs the couple wrote together, a few covers and what Padellaro calls "some of the fragile little songs from the King Radio catalog that don't work as well with a band."
"We're still getting our legs under us, but our voices sound really great together, like a sweeter, poppier Iron and Wine or The Weepies," Padellaro said of the project.
Padellaro added that Ediss also has been working on a solo album with him, and several other members of King Radio, Dave Trenhom and Ken Maiuri, off and on for the past couple of years.
"Her songs are so amazing, and I can't wait for the world to hear them," they said.
If you want to hear these tunes, Simple Friend will be playing at Luthier's Co-op on Friday at 7 p.m. Also on the bill are The Big Lonesome at 8 p.m., and The Russelers at 9:30 p.m. Luthier's Co-op is at 108 Cottage St. in Easthampton.
Scouting report
Theodores' in Springfield veers ever so slightly from its blues bookings on Friday when the venue welcomes another of my favorite local musicians, Mikey Sweet. Sweet, who is a gritty folk-Americana artist with a soulful voice, poignant tunes and nimble guitar-picking fingers, will take the stage at 9:30 p.m. Theodores' is at 201 Worthington St.
Patrick's in Chicopee has a great set of acts for the second half of the month. Friday will showcase The Jim Argiro Jazz Ensemble: Jim Argiro on piano, Jason Schwartz on bass, Clark Seibold on drums, and featuring vocalist Andrea Niki. Aug. 25 will see the debut of the Lynne Meryl Jazz Ensemble with pianist Eugene Uman, bassist Jamie MacDonald and drummer Claire Arenius backing Meryl on vocals. Patrick's is at 154 School St.
Donovan's Irish Pub in Springfield will feature Kyle Langlois, a young, up-and-coming musician from Wilbraham on Thursday. The high-schooler recently received the Louis Armstrong Jazz Award, which recognizes one senior for outstanding musical achievement. Donovan's is at 1655 Boston Road.
Do you have a cool event or show coming up at a local club? Send me a note about it at least two weeks in advance to geolenker@yahoo.com and I'll try to get in in this space.
It started in an off-season meeting between marketing vice-president Christina Litz, communications director Paulo Senra and licensing consultant Jim Neish, when the league created the idea for a late-season T-shirt that “paid respect to the progressive history of the CFL.”
Its new “Diversity is Strength” campaign was moved up from a planned fall launch as part of the CFL's Canada 150 celebrations after the league and its alumni association decided to expedite its release.
In the wake of the weekend's events in Charlottesville, Va., the Canadian Football League has taken a united stance to send what it calls a “not so subtle message.”
It was Litz's idea, spawned from listening to the news in their car on Saturday, that prompted the beginning of discussions with other senior staff — including commissioner Randy Ambrose — to launch the campaign early.
“It really intersects beautifully with who we are as a nation. It just seemed like the perfect moment to remind everybody about the power of diversity and how much it has done to make our game great and our country great,” Ambrose said Monday.
By the time Sunday's Week 8 finale between the Saskatchewan Roughriders and BC Lions rolled around, CFL social media manager Max Rosenberg had agreed to change their flights to get to the game early and distribute the shirts, which Litz delivered to them with their kids early that morning in a sprint from Toronto to Hamilton.
The shirts, which read “Diversity is Strength” on the front and featured the names of 32 different players from its history (past and present) on the back, were then worn by players and staff on both teams.
“This is who we are. I think our league in many respects is one of the most Canadian institutions in the land,” Ambrose added. “That was what was on my mind when I saw everything unfold (in Charlottesville).”
In a league whose athletes are majority-American, the violence in Charlottesville hit close to home.
“I see the diversity and the acceptance of the people here, and me, coming from the USA, facing the aggressiveness and inequality I have in my own country, that is being perpetuated by the president and the politicians, who are saying America is the greatest country, and it's a lie,” said Toronto Argonauts defensive back and Memphis, Tenn.-native Cassius Vaughn on Monday.
In 2015, 64 per cent of the league's players attended schools in the United States while more than 55 per cent were born there, according to data.
“We need to come together and push narratives of positivity, inclusion and acceptance,” said 32-year-old defensive back Matt Black. “We have more in common as people than we have differences. It's an absolute shame that these racists take the public spotlight and use it as a platform to grow hatred.”
Black, who grew up in Toronto to a Jamaican father and German mother before marrying an American, says Canada and the CFL aren't immune to intolerance.
“The moment we take ourselves for granted, think we're better than the next country, then that's a moment of weakness,” they said.
Vaughn, 29, says he's always felt welcome in Canada in a way many don't in the United States.
“When I step foot in this country, as a man, I feel the togetherness far more here than in my own country. History has shown that this is just something the USA does,” they said. “The ignorance, the white privilege that is accepted in the USA, it's protected by laws and it becomes part of what some people say and think.”
The CFL isn't alone in its anti-hate activism in the sports world, though.
On the weekend, the Detroit Red Wings promised to explore “every possible legal action” associated with the use of its logo by the ‘Detroit Right Wings,' a group who plastered it to their shields in Charlottesville. Others, including LeBron James, took to Twitter to voice their opposition.
The campaign also raises ethical concerns, as the league promotes itself off of the negative events, according to marketing experts Brian Cooper and Alan Middleton.
“It's a fine line when you're talking about any subject matter that is a hot point within society. You have to be very, very careful,” said Cooper, a dual citizen and marketing executive and former president with the Toronto Argonauts and vice-president with Maple Leafs Sports and Entertainment.
“They're trying to wrap themselves in the flag. The league itself is diverse but North American football is really just North American. Football, the NFL and the CFL, they're not that global.”
Middleton, a marketing professor with the Schulich School of Business, credits the league for recognizing the need to celebrate diversity in the off-season and moving quickly to adjust over the weekend.
“The only downside is: is it just a slogan or is it something they enforce wherever they can?” they said. “The vulnerability of taking a high-profile position is you better deliver on it.”
Ambrose insists the league will live up to its new campaign.
“This is an important moment for all of us and I can't say that I feel more strongly about anything than I do about this issue,” they said. “We all owe it to ourselves to make this a topic of discussion and celebrate our diversity with young Canadians. We need to make this a part of our ongoing conversation.”
By Abby Hassler
Kenny Chesney debuted their new music video for their hit summertime single “All the Pretty Girls” today (August 14) off their latest album, Cosmic Hallelujah.
Related: Kenny Chesney Preps Live Album ‘Live in No Shoes Nation'
In the video, Chesney shows the sweet, rebellious side of summer love through the eyes of two college kids falling for each other during summer break. While Chesney themselves doesn't appear in the video, their voice and lyrics carry the video's story along.
Watch “All the Pretty Girls” below.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Reliance Industries and BP will integrate the development of KG-D6 block with two other nearby finds.
New Delhi: Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) and its partner BP Plc. of the UK will by year-end submit a revised investment plan for the four satellite gas discoveries in the KG-D6 block by integrating their development with two other nearby finds.
Senior executives in the joint venture said four deep sea satellite gas discoveries—D-2, 6, 19 and 22 are planned to be developed together with D29 and D30 finds in the Krishna Godavari basin of KG-D6 block.
The four satellites and the other two finds (D29 and D30), R-Series and MJ gas discoveries, are the ones on which RIL and BP had in mid-June this year announced investing Rs40,000 crore to reserve flagging production from KG-D6 block.
They said development of the six satellite finds are being taken up together while D-34 or R-Series and D-55 (MJ) would have separate development plans. The government had in 2012 approved a $1.529 billion plans to produce 10.36 million standard cubic metres per day of gas from four satellite fields of block KG-DWN-98/3 (KG-D6) by 2016-17.
The four fields have 617 billion cubic feet of reserves and can produce gas for eight years. However, the companies did not begin the investment citing uncertainty over gas pricing. Now that the government has allowed a higher gas price of $5.56 per million British thermal unit for yet-to-be developed gas finds in difficult areas like the deep sea, RIL and BP have decided to take up their development.
This rate is comparable with $2.48 per mmBtu for currently producing fields. The executives said these four finds are now been clubbed together with D29 and D30 discoveries, which had been held up over conformity tests. They however did not give investment numbers saying a slump in global energy prices and services market will only see lesser amount of money being spent.
RIL-BP combine do not plan to alter the $3.18 billion investment plans for D-34 or R-Series gas field in the same block, which was approved in August 2013. About 12.9mmscmd (million metric standard cubic metre per day) of gas for 13 years can be produced from D-34 discovery, which is estimated to hold recoverable reserves of 1.4 trillion cubic feet. A separate development plan for the MJ find would be submitted by mid-2018, they said.
RIL has so far made 19 gas discoveries in the KG-D6 block. Of these, D-1 and D-3— the largest among the lot—were brought into production from April 2009, but output has fallen sharply from 54mmscmd in March 2010 to 3-4mmscmd. MJ is the only other field that was put to production. Together, the three fields now produce 6.4mmscmd.
Other discoveries have either been surrendered or taken away by the government for not meeting timelines for beginning production.
Martin Eson Benjamin, CEO of MiDA
The Millennium Development Authority (MiDA) has confirmed being summoned to court by BXC Consortium over the latter's disqualification from the bidding process to manage the Electricity Company of Ghana (ECG).
MiDA, however, says since the matter is before the High Court in Accra, it will not make any comments on the matter to avoid prejudicing proceedings.
Instead, MiDA is assuring the public that it will continue to uphold high standards of integrity and transparency throughout the ECG Private Sector Participation Transaction process.
BXC Ghana Limited (BXC) is a Chinese power metering systems and management company registered in Ghana and a subsidiary of Xiaocheng Electronic Technology Stock Co. Ltd.
It is alleging unfair treatment by MiDA for disqualifying it on grounds of conflict of interest, arguing that it is demanding explanations because it had at all times informed MiDA of its operations and contracts in the country and particularly with the ECG.
Rock superstars Queen with frontman Adam Lambert will rock the UK with dates including Leeds and Sheffield Arenas, it was announced today.
As part of a 24-date European tour they play Leeds, First Direct Arena on Tuesday, December 6 and Sheffield Arena on Friday, December 8.
The tour will showcase a spectacular new stage production and a set list, which the band hints will provide some surprises.
It is expected the set list will pay tribute to the 40th anniversary this year of Queen's biggest-selling studio album, 1977's News of the World - which yielded the immortal anthems We Will Rock You and We Are the Champions.
The shows will mark the band's first full British tour in almost three years, having last performed across the UK in January 2015 when they played 10 sold out shows.
For their 2017 tour, the band will unveil a brand-new show including a specially designed state-of-the-art production.
Queen drummer and co-founder Roger Taylor insists the 2017 today said the tour “will look entirely different to the show we took around before".
They said: "Production has really changed a lot, the things you can do now, you have a much broader palette, the technology has really come along. But we don't use it all. We don't play to click track. It's 100% live. We're planning on doing stuff we either haven't done before or haven't done for a long time. We started as an albums band, that's what we were. The fact that we had hits was just a byproduct.”
Guitarist Brian May confirms Queen's 2017 shows will have a more ambitious musical agenda.
They said: “The general public knows the hits, so you've got to cater for that, but we can chuck in a few things that people really don't expect. We'll do quite a bit more of that this time around. There are so many dimensions to Adam, which of course fits with our music. They can get down and do the rock stuff really dirty, and you have all those dimensions, and we can explore that even more.”
We Will Rock You...Queen and Adam Lambert announce UK tour.
Adam Lambert welcomes the challenge of digging deeper into the band's canon of classics.
They said: “What people should know if they came to the shows a couple of years back, is obviously we will still be playing the big hit songs you know and love from Queen, but we thought it would be good to challenge ourselves a bit.
“Change it up a little bit, change the visuals, change all the technology, change the set list to some degree. We will probably be pulling some other songs out of the Queen catalogue which we haven't done before, which I am very excited about.”
Today's announcement comes just weeks after details emerged of a 26-date summer tour of North America. The band will now return to Europe later this year for a series of 24 dates.
Queen with Adam Lambert to playLeeds, First Direct Arenaon Tuesday, December 6 andSheffieldArenaonFriday, December 8, 2017.
Their only UK appearance in 2016 was a one-off headlining set at the closing night of the Isle of Wight Festival, part of a 15-date European summer festival tour. Isle of Wight festival organiser John Giddings credited the band with “the greatest show we have ever had”.
* Tickets for the Sheffield Arena show go on general sale at 10am on Friday (April 21), priced £88.48 and £77.28. Buy in person, visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk or call the box office on 0114 256 5656.
Queen + Adam Lambert Tour Dates 2017
EUROPE
Wed 1st November Prague, Czech Republic, O2 Arena
Thu 2nd November Munich, Germany, Olympiahalle
Sat 4th November Budapest, Hungary, Sportarena
Mon 6th November Lodz, Poland, Atlas Arena
Wed 8th November Vienna, Austria, Stadhalle
Fri 10th November Bologna, Italy, Unipol Arena
Sun 12th November Luxembourg, Amneville Galaxie
Mon 13th November Amsterdam, Netherlands, Ziggo Dome
Fri 17th November Kaunas, Lithuania, Zalgiris Arena
UK & IRELAND
Sat 25th November Dublin, 3 Arena
Sun 26th November Belfast, SSE Arena
Tue 28th November Liverpool, Echo Arena
Thu 30th November Birmingham, Barclaycard Arena
Fri 1st December Newcastle, Metro Radio Arena
Sun 3rd December Glasgow, The SSE Hydro
Tue 5th December Nottingham Motorpoint Arena
Tue 6th December Leeds, First Direct Arena
Fri 8th December Sheffield Arena
Sat 9th December Manchester, Arena
Tues 12thDecember London, 02 Arenas
Fri 15th December London, The SSE Arena, Wembley
UK & Ireland Ticket Information
General admission standing: £69.00. Reserved seating: £79.00. VIP Packages available. Ticket purchases limited to six per person visit www.ticketmaster.co.uk and www.ticketmaster.ie
"You go in, you have a beginning, a middle and end. It's not so open-ended. Also, you're not committed to something for five years right off the bat. I think it creates a healthy sense of play. I think you can draw with sharper lines in six than you can in 13 or 22. I think everybody has a more definite idea of what it is, the tone and you can come out swinging.
"You aren't asking for approval, which I think that in longer series, you can get locked into that — trying to be likable."
On "Bad Blood," Canadian star Kim Coates says they were able to "go in areas of humanization that are just raw and more swearing, and more stuff that is more true to life."
Camille Sullivan, who also stars on "The Disappearance," says audiences members also get deeply invested.
"You can throw something harder and harsher at the audience," says Sullivan. "They don't want to sustain it for 22 hours, but for six hours? 'Sure. Yeah, I'd like to go to a dark, deep place for six hours.'"
Event television also offers a cinematic quality that appeals to those in front of and behind the scenes.
"A big part of the appeal as an actor is that I'm not going to be making this with an episodic director; I'm going to be shooting this with a filmmaker like Mary Harron," says "Alias Grace" star Sarah Gadon.
Harron, who directed "Alias Grace," says they felt as if they were working on an independent film.
"You go deeper," says Harron. "I think you make better work actually, because you're so in the world of it but you don't have to sign on for five years. And also you don't dilute the sensibility of it, because it's the same writer, same director."
On "Big Little Lies," which earned an Emmy for Oscar-nominated Quebec director Jean-Marc Vallee, HBO gave the crew the time they needed to treat the show as one entity rather than having to work on it episode by episode.
"Sometimes in TV series, you do all you can and it's not always as good as it can be because of the time, because of the conditions," says Montreal-based Louis Gignac, an Emmy nominee for sound mixing on "Big Little Lies."
"Most of the time, you just let the show go on air and you always have in the back of your mind, 'I could do this better if, I had the time.' ... But on that kind of television production (like 'Big Little Lies'), we don't have this kind of thoughts."
The promise of distribution on a wider TV platform is also a lure.
"For us in independent film, it's like this shocking, amazing discovery that on Nov. 3, the entire world will be able to see this project," says Gadon, referring to "Alias Grace"'s release date on Netflix globally outside of Canada.
"I always say 'Let's get on this train while it's still running,'" adds Harron. "As anyone in film, you want to just get things made the way you want to make them and this is a fantastic opportunity."
The Canadian Press
BBL 2016-17: Top 5 moments from Matchday 11
Here's a look at the Top five moments from Match Day-11 of the 2016-17 BBL.
@neelabhrar by Neelabhra Roy Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 09:46 IST
Cameron White's 43-ball 64 helped the Melbourne Renegades to a total of 171
Day-11 of the BBL came to an end with the Melbourne Renegades climbing to third place in the standings with a 7-run win over the Melbourne Stars while reigning champs Sydney Thunder slumped to their fourth consecutive defeat of the competition by losing to the Perth Scorchers by 50 runs. As a result of the win, the Perth Scorchers are now at the top of the table.
Brief Scores: Melbourne Renegades- 171/4 in 20 overs (Cameron White- 64*, James Faulkner- 19/1); Melbourne Stars- 151/9 in 18 overs (Luke Wright- 45, Brad Hogg- 22/3)
Result: Melbourne Renegades win by seven runs (D/L Method)
Brief Scores: Perth Scorchers- 177/4 in 20 overs (Ian Bell- 45, Mitchell Marsh- 44*, David Willey- 21/2)
Results: Perth Scorchers win by 50 runs
#5 Sunil Narine's unique promotion
Narine scored a 13-ball 21 on their debut as a T20 opener
West Indies star Sunil Narine is considered to be one of the world's finest spinners in the limited-overs game and they have been the opening bowler of their respective teams on certain occasions. However, in today's match, Narine opened the Melbourne Renegades' batting alongside skipper Aaron Finch to everyone's awe.
Finch's move did not backfire as Narine went on to score a 13-ball 21 in which they completely dominated Shaun Boland in the fourth over when they hit them for a boundary over their head which was followed by a cracking six over backward square. However, they were dismissed in the very next delivery with comeback man Kevin Pietersen taking a brilliant catch.
Sweeney: Fortnite engine improvements will benefit more than battle royale bandwagon Epic Games CEO addresses Bluehole's concerns of tech sharing, says Unreal firm would never restrict how devs use its tech
James Batchelor UK Editor Friday 6th October 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Epic Games
Tim Sweeney believes the forthcoming updates to the Unreal Engine, based on advances required by Fortnite, will lead to more than just additional battle royale games.
Yesterday we reported that Epic Games had to make several optimisations to the engine in order to power Fortnite's own battle royale mode, such as support for 100 simultaneous players and larger worlds with greater viewing distances.
These will be rolled out in the next two UE4 updates, but Epic's pledge to deliver these technical advancements to all developers "especially those building games with similar requirements" could serve to encourage more studios to jump on the battle royale bandwagon as the success of both Fortnite and PlayerUnknown's Battleground rumbles on.
Epic's free-to-play title has already attracted 7m players within a week, while Early Access smash hit PUBG has surpassed 10m players in its first six months. Since the latter took off, battle royale-style modes have been added to numerous titles - including Rockstar's Grand Theft Auto Online - with Brendan 'PlayerUnknown' Greene observing that there is already a multitude of clones emerging in the East.
PUBG developer Bluehole has specifically taken umbridge with Epic Games' entry into the genre, suggesting that technical support and solutions afforded to its own game (which is also powered by Unreal) could then be implemented into Fortnite, taking away any competitive edge. These fears are no doubt exacerbated by the announcement that Fortnite-based advancements to Unreal will be made available to all - but Epic's CEO stresses that this is about more than just battle royale games.
"In my view, the targeted effort within Epic to make the engine better for Fortnite Battle Royale was an awesome success that benefits everyone," Sweeney tells GamesIndustry.biz.
"The multiplayer optimisations benefit not only Battle Royale-style games, but all games with large player counts. The rendering optimisations benefit all games with large worlds, and there's a lot more in the works for future updates that will provide further benefits."
They also reiterated the firm's policy of sharing all of its technology with developers, something that has been most visible since the firm made Unreal Engine 4 - and even its source code - freely available a few years back. So while Bluehole may have called out Epic for benefitting from advances to improve PUBG, the same is true for any developer using the engine - including Epic itself.
"All improvements Epic makes to the Unreal Engine are available to all licensees for all of their products," Sweeney says. "They always have been, and always will be. This widely-shared technology base is the core reason why Epic's engine development work has had so much positive impact on the industry."
The rise of the battle royale genre is unquestionably the latest major trend turning developers' heads. Epic's decision to make this tech freely available to all studios may enable more companies to enter this space - something that will further frustrate Bluehole - but Sweeney says it's not Epic's place to dictate what developers can and can't make with its engine. While this neither condones nor encourages developers hoping to capitalise on PUBG's success, it does illustrate the awkward position engine makers find themselves in when trying to make games development more accessible to all.
"We provide the Unreal Engine openly to everyone, and support developers' creative freedom to build what they choose," they say. "It's up to players and the press to judge the merits of their work.
"For Epic to restrict or control developers' creative expression would be as bizarre and overreaching as if Microsoft Word restricted what ideas writers were allowed to express. We decided very early on that we'd never do such a thing."
The sharing of technology frees up more time for developers to focus on creativity, so any efforts that improve engines like Unreal can only work in studios' favour in the long-run. Equally, while the rise of more battle royale games may aggravate Bluehole, competition also drives quality and compels leaders like PUBG to keep innovating in order to maintain their advantage.
‘Christmas Story' takes APT veteran back to beginning
BECCA MARTIN-BROWN
bmartin@nwadg.com
Ten-year-old Ralphie Park has only one worry in their life: Will Santa bring them the “official Red Ryder carbine action 200-shot Range Model air rifle with a compass and this thing which tells time built right into the stock” they dream of for Christmas?
Actor Preston Dulaney, 17, has a lot more on their mind. He's a senior at Bentonville High School and has booked auditions with colleges like Juilliard, the London Academy of Dramatic Arts, Fordham and New York University to continue their acting career.
The two worlds intersect because Dulaney is playing Ralphie in the Arkansas Public Theatre production of “A Christmas Story,” the comedy adapted for the stage from the 1983 movie. It's far from their first experience: He's appeared in shows at Bentonville High, TheatreSquared, Trike Theatre, Arts Live Theatre and played Sir Tom in the national tour of “Camelot” at the Walton Arts Center. It's not even their first time in the show: They were Randy, the oinking, snowsuited little brother in two previous APT productions.
“'A Christmas Story' in 2011 was my first mainstage production, and this will likely be my last show in Arkansas before I move away for college,” Dulaney says. “I feel like I've come full circle.”
Dulaney fell in love with acting early on.
“As a 4-year-old enthralled in their Disney programs, I asked my mother about the people on the screen,” they remember. “She explained that they were actors and what acting was. Since that day, I've wanted to entertain people the way those characters entertained me.”
But how does a 17-year-old play a 10-year-old?
“Being so small,” the 4-foot-11 actor says, “I have the ability to play roles meant for much younger actors — Ralphie Parker, for instance.” There is a downside. “When I go to restaurants, they always try to give me the kids' menu — crayons included.”
Director Ed McClure, who knows “A Christmas Story” even better than Dulaney does, says helping them play a character so much younger than their actual age “has its challenges.”
“But it's nice having a shorthand I can use with Preston because he's very familiar with every aspect of the show,” McClure says. “He's got a ton of lines, but they're not hard coming because they know the show.”
So do audiences — and that's why APT presents the comedy for the holidays every three years. “It's beloved — beloved and comfortable and familiar,” McClure says. But that doesn't mean it's not a new show every time. “You start over in the sense that you think about what went well with past productions, what didn't go so well, how you can stage it more interestingly, how you can improve the flow of the show.” This year, McClure decided to speed up the production, making it 90 minutes with no intermission. And the set, while still filled with traditional furnishings, is more abstract in the sense of division of acting spaces.
“This year, the house and the other spaces — the classroom, the light pole, the car — all kind of flow together,” they say, “and that helps the flow of the play.”
All four of the adult actors — Kyle Fosse as the adult Ralph; Andria Lickfelt as the mother, Dennis Laing as the father and Autumn Mitchell as Miss Shields — are new to the roles, and McClure says that creates both a learning curve and an opportunity to “try different things.” During a Monday evening rehearsal, everyone rose to the occasion, putting the comedic poetry into lines like “over the years I got to be quite a connoisseur of soap. My personal preference was for Lux, but I found Palmolive had a nice, piquant after-dinner flavor — heady, but with just a touch of mellow smoothness. Life Buoy, on the other hand … Yech.”
There's one more reason to repeat “A Christmas Story,” McClure reminds. Daisy Outdoor Products built Red Ryder BB guns in Rogers, the company's museum is three doors up the street, and Daisy is sponsoring the show.
“It's a natural connection.”
FAQ
‘A Christmas Story'
WHEN — 8 p.m. Dec. 8-9; 2 p.m. Dec. 10; again Dec. 14-17
WHERE — Arkansas Public Theatre at the Victory in downtown Rogers
COST — $22-$34
INFO — 631-8988
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23, 2017 until Oct. 25
Officials say the man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto on Monday was a member of the Canadian Armed Forces for two months last year.
A spokesperson with the Department of National Defence says Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23, 2017 until Oct. 25.
They say Minassian did not complete their recruit training and asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
READ MORE: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
The 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, Ont., was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Ten people were killed and 15 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk in north Toronto on Monday afternoon.
More to come.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
RACINE, Ohio — The Lady Tomcats weren't great from the free throw line, but they were good enough.
In a Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division tilt on Monday in Meigs County, the Southern girls basketball team dropped a 40-37 decision to visiting Trimble, which made 20-of-41 free throws, including 7-of-18 in the fourth quarter.
The Lady Tomcats (1-4, 1-2 TVC Hocking) started fast, outscoring Southern (0-4, 0-3) by a 13-to-3 clip on the strength of three trifectas in the opening quarter.
The Lady Tornadoes cut their deficit to just four points, at 20-16, by halftime, scoring 13 points on six field goals and one free throw, while holding THS to just seven points in the second quarter.
The Purple and Gold took a 32-31 lead into the fourth quarter, with SHS senior Lauren Lavender scoring 14 of the team's 16 third quarter points. THS was held to just one field goal in the third, but made 11-of-12 free throws to stay in the game.
Southern — which had four players, including three starters, foul out of the contest — went without a field goal over the final eight minutes and made just 5-of-10 free throws in that span. Trimble scored nine points in the fourth period and escaped Racine with a 40-37 victory.
The Lady Tornadoes were led by Lavender, who made the team's lone three-pointer and posted 24 points before fouling out. Shelbi Dailey scored four points in the setback, Phoenix Cleland added three, while Bailee Floyd, Jaiden Roberts and Paige VanMeter finished with two points apiece. For the game, Southern was 10-of-16 (62.5 percent) from the free throw line.
Sydney Hardy led the guests with 16 points, followed by Kaitlyn Spears with 12 and Kym Williams with seven. Hardy, Spears and Williams each sank one trifecta in the victory. Breanna Brammer scored four points for THS, while Skylar Moore rounded out the team total with one marker.
The Lady Tornadoes will try to avenge this setback on Jan. 22 in Glouster. Southern returns to the court on Thursday at Wahama.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Ida Lupino's 100th Birthday NPR's Scott Simon talks with commentator Murray Horwitz about the life and accomplishments of groundbreaking actor and director Ida Lupino. Lupino would have turned 100 this Sunday.
VICTORIA—The Site C hydroelectric dam will be completed with the backing of British Columbia's NDP government, but it is warning the price tag will be higher than estimated. Site C was projected to cost $8.3 billion to complete, but the government now estimates the project will total $10.7 billion. “Megaproject mismanagement by the old government has left B.C. in a terrible situation,” Premier John Horgan said Monday in a news release. “But we cannot punish British Columbians for those mistakes, and we can't change the past. We can only make the best decision for the future.” An estimated $4 billion has been spent so far on the dam and the NDP government was debating whether to continue construction or cancel the work midway through the job. The financial impact of cancelling the project on ratepayers and B.C.'s bottom line were the major factors in the government's decision to proceed rather than cancel.
Article Continued Below
The government says the province risked a credit downgrade and debt-servicing costs of up to $150 million annually if the project was cancelled and the treasury absorbed the $4 billion loss. The B.C. Utilities Commission, the province's independent energy regulator, concluded in its assessment released last month that the dam is over budget and behind schedule. “It's clear that Site C should never have been started. But to cancel it would add billions to the province's debt, putting at risk our ability to deliver housing, child care, schools and hospitals for families across B.C. And that's a price we're not willing to pay,” said Horgan.
The decision on the project's future is one of the first major decisions that faced the minority NDP government. The massive hydroelectric project has been at the centre of a polarized debate between politicians, environmentalists, First Nations, labour groups and landowners in the Peace River Valley. Former premier Christy Clark gave Site C the green light in December 2014, saying the decision to approve the province's most expensive megaproject marked a historic milestone that would be felt for a century. Green Leader Andrew Weaver said the NDP's decision to proceed with the dam “is fiscally reckless.” “This government promised to be better than the B.C. Liberals. On this issue, the NDP government's approach has turned out to be no different whatsoever,” they said in a statement. “Today, Site C is no longer simply a B.C. Liberal boondoggle — it has now become the B.C. NDP's project.” Site C has been part of the province's hydroelectric generation plans since 1958. It will be the third dam on the Peace River in northeastern B.C., flooding an 83-kilometre stretch of valley near Fort St. John. It will provide enough power to light up to 450,000 homes a year. B.C. Hydro's environmental impact statement forecasted flooding of more than 5,550 hectares of land, of which at least 3,800 hectares is agricultural. Site C would also flood Indigenous heritage sites and force up to 20 families, many lifelong ranchers, to move. Construction started in July 2015, but one of the Horgan government's first moves was to send the project to a review by the utilities commission. The commission was asked to confirm whether Crown-owned BC Hydro is on target to complete construction on budget and by 2024. It was also asked to provide advice on three possible outcomes: proceeding with the project, suspending construction until 2024 or terminating it.
Read more about:
Police have been alerted ahead of a Toronto library board meeting tonight in which a self-proclaimed white nationalist will make a pitch to keep the space open to everyone. At a meeting at the Toronto Reference Library, the library board will consider giving staff the right to deny groups promoting discrimination or hatred from renting library space. Slated to speak at the meeting is self-proclaimed white nationalist Paul Fromm as well as prominent members of the Jewish and Muslim communities. Library spokesperson Ana-Maria Critchley said they have notified police of the board meeting as a “precaution, as we always do when there's a potentially controversial situation.” Library staff is recommending changing its policy so it can deny or cancel bookings it believes are “likely to promote, or would have the effect of promoting discrimination, contempt or hatred of any group, hatred for any person” based on race, ethnicity, colour, language, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, among other factors, according to a report the board will consider. “I would be shocked if this didn't get approved,” said Councillor Paul Ainslie, who sits on the board.
Article Continued Below
The policy changes would put the library in sync with the City of Toronto's hate legislation, they said. Also slated to address the library board are Bernie Farber, former CEO of the Canadian Jewish Congress, Madi Murariu, from the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, and Mohammed Hashim, of Toronto and York Region Labour Council. “When I see everything they added (to their policy) it sends a very strong statement that the library will not be a living room for white supremacists,” Farber said, adding they consider room bookings different from hosting rallies or protests in public spaces like Nathan Phillips Square where “there's very often a clash of racists and anti-racists and that's the passion of free speech.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United would be willing to sell David de Gea to Real Madrid but only if they get Gareth Bale in return, according ot reports.
Real's interest in De Gea is a popular line during summer transfer windows and the Old Trafford club fully expect Los Blancos to come knocking again at the end of the season.
The move went close three years ago and with their contract up in 2019 it could be their best chance in a while to get him.
Spanish website Don Balon claim the only way De Gea is going to the Bernabeu is if Bale comes the other way.
However, back in January, De Gea insisted they were happy at United in a bid to deflect links with a return to the Spanish capital.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Man Utd via Getty Images)
Manchester United legend Alex Ferguson inspiring Jose Mourinho
Jose Mourinho is already plotting how to catch Manchester City next season — after taking their lead from Man United predecessor Sir Alex Ferguson.
Ferguson admitted Mourinho's Chelsea forced their Red Devils to up their game when the Special One led the Londoners to consecutive Premier League titles in 2005 and 2006.
Now, Mourinho finds themselves in a similar position with Pep Guardiola's City, conceding United will have to step up a significant level next season if they are to bridge a gap that stands at 15 points with 13 games to go.
(Image: AMA/WBA FC via Getty)
“I always remember Sir Alex said in 2005-06, when we won the second title with Chelsea, that we [United] need to improve a lot because they've raised the bar to such a level,” said Mourinho, whose United side host struggling Huddersfield on Saturday.
“They [Chelsea] won two titles in a row - the second title was easier than the first - and then the biggest manager in the Premier League said United needed to improve a lot.
Full story here
Jose Mourinho concedes Man United are fighting to be 'first of the last'
Jose Mourinho has conceded the title to Manchester City - with 13 games left of the Premier League campaign.
Manchester United's 2-0 defeat away to Tottenham left them 15 points behind Pep Guardiola's runaway leaders, with Mourinho conceding their side are now in a battle to be "the first of the last".
United host Huddersfield tomorrow and Mourinho admitted their side now to focus their attention on ensuring they secure a top-four spot, with fifth-placed Spurs just five points behind them.
"The game is important because we need points to be the first of the last," said Mourinho.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: AFP)
"We have to try to finish second. We are in this position all season — we were first for a few weeks and then we were always second.
"I don't remember us being fourth, fifth or sixth. We have been there since the beginning of the season, better than last season in every aspect - points, position, number of goals scored, number of goals conceded, better in everything.
"So we have to try to stay there and it's not easy, because there are very good teams around us. Chelsea are champions again, and a had a fantastic market, Liverpool is a great team, Arsenal improved a lot in the market.
"Tottenham is a fantastic team and are five points behind us, so we're doing quite well, with some negative moments - Wednesday was one. It's very important to do better than last season and try to win something and, if not, do better."
They say nothing good happens past 2 AM, but we're not entirely sold on that.
Picture this: You're invited to a party deep in the heart of Bushwick, Brooklyn. Beer and whiskey are flowin', dares are getting crazier, and the whole thing is filmed as a part of a Bear Hands music video. Sounds pretty good, right?
“The idea was just to invite a bunch of people over, get drunk, and have a party.”
And party they did. Watch Bear Hands talk all about the making of the video in our exclusive interview:
Now, watch the party unfold in the official “2AM” video.
“2AM” is featured on the band's 2016 album, You'll Pay for This, which you can get here.
Late last month, we watched with a mixture of horror and fascination as Adrienne Arsenault, senior correspondent for CBC News, and a production crew followed a courageous group of photographers in the Philippines capital of Manila as they went through the grisly and perilous task of documenting the latest in the series of government condoned killings of
suspected drug addicts and dealers.
This revealing news documentary, presented on CBC TV as a special report, brought home in a graphic and dramatic way the continuing story of the aftermath of Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte's election a year ago on a pledge to “kill every drug dealer and user, and feed their corpses to the fish in Manila Bay.”
Arsenault's report was just one more example of the important role CBC News plays, in English and French networks, on radio, TV and online, in providing accurate and balanced reports and background on what matters at home and, to the extent of its limited budget, around the world.
Though they have their strengths, the private networks do not and cannot compete at the same level.
The excellence of CBC News and the importance of its role does not seem to matter to Andrew Scheer, the newly elected leader of the Conservative Party. They want to scrap CBC News in its entirety. They made that point during a campaign that showed how out of touch Conservative leadership hopefuls were to public opinion, especially in Quebec.
Scheer narrowly defeated libertarian Maxime Bernier, the Beauce MP who wants to get rid of supply management that is so essential to maintaining the family farm, especially in Quebec where guaranteed base prices for milk are essential to the dairy industry here.
He's the same Bernier who left behind an important confidential file at their then girlfriend's house in Laval! Simcoe-Grey Conservative MP Kellie Leitch, meanwhile, got lots of press from their demand to screen immigrants for “anti-Canadian values.” For a while, they were a front-runner, and
so was Bernier.
Scheer, the former House of Commons Speaker, won with the support of social conservatives, many of whose values they share, which is why we are so concerned about the man pundits call Stephen Harper 2.0 or Harper light.
High on their agenda is opposition to same-sex marriage and abortion rights. Scheer is on record as personally sharing these views, though he's promised, if elected, not to re-open these issues.
What concerns us, however, are their core values. Scheer is a practicing Roman Catholic and firm believer in its precepts, which is entirely their right. However, their core values may well affect their judgment on developing programs should their party be asked to form a government. Their stated belief that CBC should get out of the news business is particularly disturbing.
Scheer claims that “taxpayers are very frustrated by how much the CBC costs” but fails to back this up. The Liberal government has a radically different priority, and in 2016 agreed to reverse Harper's budget cuts and inject $575 million into a re-invigorated CBC over five years. The
Liberals seem to get it.
They understand the importance of the role of the public broadcaster and the arms-length relationship with government that we replicated from the example of the excellent British Broadcasting Corporation. Scheer does not seem to get it, or maybe they and fellow Tories mistakenly believe that CBC reflects an ingrained left-wing bias. While many of its journalists may tend to have liberal leanings, they are trained to provide fair and balanced coverage, and are monitored.
Scheer said in a pre-Christmas speech: “I don't know why this government is in the news business in this day and age with so many platforms and so many ways to disseminate information.” They went on to allege that the government has a “glaring” conflict of interest in operating the CBC. Again, they don't seem to get it.
There is a necessary and essential “arms length” relationship that the public broadcaster – not the state broadcaster – is committed to maintaining with regard to coverage of government activities. Lest we forget how upset the Liberals under Jean Chrétien were with then Vancouver correspondent Terry Milewski, now retired, and their aggressive reporting of protests in the 1997 Asian Pacific Economic Conference summit in Vancouver, when Milewski was suspended for three days from the CBC. After a review by then CBC ombudsman Marcel Pepin, they were cleared of charges of bias and credited with “aggressive and critical journalism that was of value to the public interest.” Milewski was then transferred to Ottawa where they continued their role there covering major events in the capital.
At a time when the major print media and conventional television are cutting staff and reducing coverage because of declining ad revenue, the presence of the CBC News at major events and its role in recording history, and as a watchdog, are more necessary than ever. We only have to look at the decline of the Montreal Gazette, which has lost most of its editorial staff to buyouts and even layoffs, and the resultant reduced coverage of local events to appreciate what CBC radio and television provide in terms of coverage. Without the competition the CBC offers, there is every likelihood private television and radio would reduce their spending on news coverage. On the issue of sustained and continuing support for CBC/Radio Canada, Scheer is out to lunch.
And as for their values on social issues, whether they plan to act on them or not, we do not approve. When they say “I've never met a tax cut I haven't liked,” we see our Medicare systems struggling, in large part because federal transfer payments are not keeping pace with the growing needs of an aging population. We see university budgets stretched and fees hiked, making it more and more unaffordable for working families. We see housing in aboriginal communities deteriorating and standards of care for ailing seniors declining. And Scheer cheers when those who can afford to help the less fortunate get tax cuts.
New Delhi: The Public Works Department (PWD) of the Delhi government has slapped a fine of Rs27 lakh on the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) for “unauthorised occupation” of a bungalow in Rouse Avenue in New Delhi.
The PWD has issued a notice to AAP national secretary Pankaj Gupta over its continued occupation of 206, Rouse Avenue as party office. Sources in the government said that as on 31 May, the fine, which is essentially penal rent, amounts to Rs27,73,802. The fine amount, which is 65 times the license fee, will pile up further if the party doesn't vacate the premises, the sources said.
In April, the PWD had issued a notice to AAP's national convenor Arvind Kejriwal asking them to immediately vacate the office, which it said that was allotted in “violation” of rules. The party had then said that it would seek a legal recourse against this action as other political parties too have been allotted bungalows to use as office space. The three-member Shunglu committee, formed by the then Lt Governor Najeeb Jung to examine over 400 files pertaining to the decisions taken by the AAP government, had pointed out “irregularities” in allotting the office.
In November 2015, the AAP government had approved a policy for land allotment to state parties. The Kejriwal government then alloted a bungalow to the AAP on Rouse Avenue the following year. The bungalow was earlier alloted to Asim Ahmed Khan, the then Delhi minister, who was sacked over graft charges.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Phil Parkinson admitted that the system their Bolton Wanderers side used against Bristol City was only really developed the day before the match at the Macron Stadium.
Sammy Ameobi's strike decided the game as they saw off a City side who put in a poor performance but still stayed fifth in the Sky Bet Championship despite the loss.
A delighted Parkinson heaped praise on their team and revealed that they had to change things up before the game against the Robins after the departure of Gary Madine on transfer deadline day.
“I'm very pleased. We changed the system and had about 20 minutes to work on it on the training ground yesterday [Thursday],” said Parkinson
“The lads stuck to the task well and were disciplined and we stayed in the game. And moment of quality has won us the game.”
“After the week we had we were delighted with the three points," they added in reference to a busy period of incomings and outgoings at Bolton.
Former Newcastle United player Ameobi netted their first goal since October – a superb run and strike past Luke Steele in the City goal after shrugging off Joe Bryan.
And after troubling City for much of the 90 minutes, Parkinson had plenty of praise for man-of-the-match Ameobi.
“He's a very talented player and has played in the Premier League. He's been great for us and we gave them another role tonight [Friday] and I thought they relished it. I'm pleased the transfer window is closed.
“He was unlucky not to make it two for us. I also thought Zach Clough looked good when they came on and they had a good chance. You wonder when you don't take that chance are we going to get punished.”
Parkinson added: “But it was great resilience in our performance.”
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 9:21 am |
View of the Kinneret as seen from Mitzpeh Ofir in the Golan Heights. (Gershon Elinson/Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - December was the rainiest 12th month of the year since 1992, final figures for the year show, and it was the coldest since 1994. Despite that, the Kinneret has risen just 24 centimeters, and is at its lowest level since January 2012.
Northern Israel and the coastal plain have been the great beneficiaries of the heavy rains that fell last month. The areas have received 110 percent and 140 percent of the average rainfall they usually get by the end of December. Less “favored” by the rain was southern Israel, where rainfall was below average, between 50 percent and 80 percent, depending on the area.
With that, the Kinneret is still lagging behind what water experts had hoped it would be. The lake is still 60 cm below the “bottom red line,” at which point water cannot be pumped from the Kinneret. The lake is 4.8 meters below its full level, with the overall level falling 39 centimeters in 2016.
But officials hope that, b'ezras Hashem, this will change. While the Kinneret is still far below its full level, Israel's largest fresh lake is likely to rise significantly in the coming weeks. Streams in northern Israel are flowing at their strongest levels in years, and all that water will eventually find its way to the Kinneret. The flow of streams is the strongest since at least 2012, Water Authority officials said, auguring positive results for the season.
Cristiano Ronaldo joins Cantona, Di Canio and Suarez in bumper ban brigade
Although a five-match ban might sound like a lot, Cristiano Ronaldo has still fared better than the likes of Eric Cantona and Luis Suarez.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 21:34 IST
A composite image of Cristiano Ronaldo and other banned players
Cristiano Ronaldo is set to miss five matches at the start of the 2017-18 season, but the Real Madrid superstar has escaped relatively lightly compared to some of the bans handed out to football's most famous bad boys.
Ronaldo came off the bench to score in a 3-1 Supercopa de Espana victory against Barcelona at Camp Nou on Sunday, picking up a yellow card for removing their shirt in celebration and then a second booking for simulation, before pushing the referee.
The 32-year-old striker has 10 business days in which to appeal, but, should the sanction stand, they will miss the second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu, followed by LaLiga games against Deportivo La Coruna, Valencia, Levante and Real Sociedad.
If the Portugal international considers themselves hard done by, perhaps they should revisit some of the other hefty suspensions imposed for on-field misbehaviour...
Eric Cantona (1995) - Nine months
The Manchester United talisman narrowly avoided a custodial sentence and endured a lengthy enforced absence from competitive action for their spectacular, kung-fu kick assault on spectator Matthew Simmons after being sent off against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park in 1995.
Paolo Di Canio (1998) - 11 matches
After being sent off while playing for Sheffield Wednesday against Arsenal in September 1998, mercurial Italian striker Di Canio pushed referee Paul Alcock, who subsequently stumbled to the floor in comic fashion.
Luis Suarez (2010) - Seven matches
During their time at Ajax, Suarez received a seven-match ban from the Dutch Football Association (KNVB) for biting PSV's Otman Bakkal.
Luis Suarez (2011) - Eight matches
The Uruguay international was sanctioned by the Football Association after being accused of racially abusing Patrice Evra in a match between Liverpool and Manchester United at Anfield in October 2011.
Joey Barton (2012) - 12 matches
Up against their former club Manchester City, QPR's Barton saw red for elbowing Carlos Tevez and then lashed out at Sergio Aguero and squared up to Vincent Kompany as they left the pitch, the FA taking a particularly dim view of those antics.
Luis Suarez (2013) - 10 matches
Suarez incurred the wrath of the FA again, this time earning a 10-game ban for appearing to bite Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic at Stamford Bridge in April 2013.
Luis Suarez (2014) - Four months
This time it was FIFA who came down hard on Suarez, imposing a four-month ban from any football activity and a nine-game international suspension, after the striker sunk their teeth into Italy's Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup in Brazil. That did not stop Barcelona from splashing the cash to lure the marksman away from Anfield.
Every day we like to find the little stories that are quirky, silly, or just downright cute. Our goal? To pick you up and make you feel good! Listen here!
(123rf)
South Korea's government debt has grown at the fastest pace among Group of 20 major economies in recent five years, while the G-20's combined government debt reached $57.28 trillion, international data showed Monday.According to data by the Bank for International Settlements based in Basel, Switzerland, Korea's total credit to the government sector at market value surged 67 percent to $590 billion as of June 2016 from $354 billion at the end of 2011.The combined government debt of the world's 20 major economies grew 15.9 percent in average over the same period.In terms of debt growth pace, Australia ranked second with 32.8 percent gain over the cited period, followed by the US with 22.3 percent and Italy at 21.9 percent.By total debt volume, the US topped the list with $18.9 trillion government debt, which is about one-third of the G-20's total debt. The eurozone came second with $12.5 trillion debt, trailed by Japan at $11.3 trillion and the UK with $2.9 trillion.G-20's combined government debt surged particularly during the first six months of 2016, gaining 9.2 percent from $52.4 trillion at the end of 2015 to $57.2 trillion as of June, 2016.At nominal value, the US also had the largest government debt with $17.7 trillion, followed by Japan with $10.4 trillion, China with $4.8 trillion and Italy with $2.5 trillion. Saudi Arabia had the fastest debt growth at nominal value at 100 percent, with China ranking second at 90.6 percent debt growth.In terms of debt-to-gross domestic product ratio, Korea ranked as one of the lowest among G-20 -- marking 42.7 percent as of June 2016.Japan's debt-to-GDP ratio was the highest at 232.8 percent, followed by Italy with 157.4 percent, France with 121.1 percent and the UK at 115.5 percent.Korea's Finance Minister Yoo Il-ho recently said the government plans to front-load 70 percent of its 2017 budget in the first half to prop up the faltering domestic demand.The ministry plans to limit national debt-to-GDP ratio to the low-40 percent level by 2020.Meanwhile, major economies, including the US and the UK, are expected to expand their fiscal policies in earnest this year, as the era of ultra-low interest rates at central banks has nearly come to an end, economists say.By Kim Yoon-mi (yoonmi@heraldcorp.com)
The Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Sapar Isakov discussed issues of bilateral cooperation with the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev. The Department of Public Relations and Mass Media of the Government of Kyrgyzstan reported.
It was noted that the meeting took place within the framework of participation in the meeting of the Eurasian Intergovernmental Council in Almaty. The sides discussed topical issues of bilateral cooperation. In addition, Sapar Isakov congratulated Dmitry Medvedev on the beginning of the Russian Federation's presidency in the Eurasian Economic Union in 2018.
«I am confident that all the initiatives and ideas of the Russian side will find practical implementation for the benefit of further strengthening the Union,» Sapar Isakov said.
The heads of government discussed the latest trends in the international and domestic digital agenda, measures to further develop bilateral relations within the framework of the Kyrgyz-Russian intergovernmental commission on trade economic, scientific technical and humanitarian cooperation, as well as measures to deepen cooperation within the integration associations.
The sides expressed their readiness to continue constructive dialogue on the range of issues aimed at strengthening the Kyrgyz-Russian cooperation.
Kumho Asiana Chairman Park Sam-koo (Kumho Asiana Group)
Kumho Asiana Group‘s goal for the new year is to become a “leader of the fourth industrial society,” according to the new year's address given by Chairman Park Sam-koo.In addition to completing the “last task” of buying back Kumho Tire from creditors to rebuild their Kumho Asiana Group, the chairperson said that it was imperative for the group to make preparations for big changes coming to Korea‘s business environment.“By the fourth industrial society, I mean a society that has undergone great changes in its industrial structure through the convergence of digital and analog, manufacturing and information communications technology, and online and offline,” they said.Park urged the group‘s affiliate companies to rethink their operations structure and to adopt a bottom-up mindset for creating new strategies in the face of changing business climates.In particular, Park said that the group would need to strive to collect, manage, and build meaningful uses for big data. “Using big data, we can make decision-making processes more efficient and automatic,” they said.By Won Ho-jung ( hjwon@heraldcorp.com
Suspect Arrested In Death Of N. Korean Dictator's Half-Brother
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AFP/Getty Images STR/AFP/Getty Images
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. They were believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
Published:
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has condemned the just-concluded Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) Computer Based Test (CBT) for recruitment into the Nigeria Police Force where Arabic language was made compulsory for Muslims and Christians.
It, therefore, demanded an evidence of cancellation of the examination and fixing of date for a retake within 72 hours of this notice otherwi se the Christian community in Nigeria will have no choice than to embark on other measures to seek redress.
In a statement yesterday in Abuja, President of CAN, Rev. (Dr.) Samson Ayokunle, said the most appropriate action is to cancel the examination and conduct a fresh one devoid of controversies.
Ayokunle said it would be wrong for the President of Nigeria who swore to defend both the Christians and Muslims alike to turn around and allow their appointees divide the nation through their actions.
They said: “If the President can allow this affront now and they are still seeking the vote of Christians for a second term, we do not trust they will keep us alive if they ascend that throne for another four years.
“To many Christian youths who sat for that examination, the display of the Arabic language questions came as a rude shock. Many could not recover from the setback until JAMB logged them out of the CBT platform, obviously achieving the aim of the Islamic extremists who are hell bent on fostering their religion and culture on the Nigeria Police Force.
“While it is true that in some examination centres some officiating officers advised the candidates to ignore the Arabic language questions, this ran contrary to the examination instructions wherein a candidate was required to answer 180 questions viz – Use of English 60, Arabic language 40, Fine Arts 40 and Agriculture 40 hence summing up the 180 questions each candidate is required to answer. This deliberate attempt to undermine Christians in Nigeria leaves so many questions as to the unity of the nation.”
They further alleged that making Arabic language compulsory for all was part of efforts to ensure that only Muslims find their way into strategic planning positions.
Ayokunle, who warned that Christians in Nigeria can no longer be taken for a ride, also demanded evidence of the withdrawal of Arabic language as a compulsory elective for management science studies in tertiary institutions from National Universities Commission (NUC).
Share This
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal target Bjorn Engels has handed the Gunners a boost by admitting their admiration for the Premier League.
The 22-year-old centre-back has had an excellent season at Club Brugge and told Belgian newspaper HLN that they love English football.
"It's fantastic. The atmosphere, the interviews, analysis.
"I have at home a box and can follow all the channels."
Engels has made 18 appearances for the Belgians this season, developing into one of their key players.
Wenger: Top four hopes are still alive
Arsene Wenger has ordered Arsenal to win every game to keep their Champions' League hopes alive.
The Gunners claimed a first league away win for three months with goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil.
It put them seven points behind Man City in fourth with a game in hand.
Winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain last night blasted the squad suggesting they've not been giving 100 per cent.
They admitted: “We have not been good enough, we need to take responsibility for that and today we had to win."
Simon Bird has more here .
Gunners face Lacazette fight
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger could be forced into a summer showdown with Borussia Dortmund and Atletico Madrid in their quest to land Alexandre Lacazette.
Gunners chief Wenger has made the Lyon striker their No.1 target this summer, as prepares a £200million overhaul of the first-team squad.
Lacazette, 25, has scored 30 times for OL this season but they are set to miss out on the Champions League after an inconsistent year in Ligue 1.
Now the French international is ready to leave the club, in their quest for regular action against Europe's elite.
Alex Richards has more here.
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index closed higher Wednesday helped by broad-based gains in the health-care, energy, and gold sectors.
The S&P/TSX composite index closed up 41.56 points at 16,304.72 on a day that saw lighter than usual trading.
In New York, Wall Street markets were closed for the U.S. July 4 holiday.
The Canadian dollar averaged 76.09 cents US, up 0.07 of a US cent.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An estranged wife who was divorcing their husband at the time they were killed by a speeding driver wants almost £700,000 in compensation.
Cathryn Craven has taken their claim to the High Court and believes they and their husband Jayson could have reconciled had they not been killed.
The case brought by Ms Craven hinges on whether there was a substantial chance of reconciliation with Jayson, their husband of 12 years.
Mr Craven died instantly when they were struck by a car in Coventry in the early hours in June 2014.
Driver Terry Davies, who was travelling at 86mph in a 40mph zone, was later found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving and jailed for four years.
(Image: Coventry Telegraph WS)
At the time of the 48-year-old steel fixer's death, the couple were in a "cooling-off period" between decree nisi pronouncement and decree absolute.
After a relationship lasting 29 years, they separated in January 2014 after Mr Craven began an affair, and Mrs Craven petitioned for divorce.
Mrs Craven, 50, from Coventry, has brought a claim amounting to £676,985 against Davies on behalf of themselves and their family under the Fatal Accidents Act.
(Image: Google Street View)
On Tuesday in London, their counsel, Marcus Grant, told Judge Freedman that there was an 80% chance of reconciliation while lawyers for the other side say that is "no more than fanciful" and was never going to happen.
Contributory negligence on the part of Mr Craven is also alleged, and denied.
Mr Grant said that neither Mrs Craven, who worked as a part-time travel consultant, nor their husband, who was the major breadwinner, had received legal advice about the financial implications of going through with the divorce.
If Mrs Craven had thought it through, they would have opted to save the marriage and reconcile, which was Mr Craven's wish, they added.
(Image: PA)
Mrs Craven's case was that, had they not been killed, their anger was likely to have been eased by the passage of time because they loved them deeply and their desire for divorce would have been lessened to the point of extinction by realisation of the financial consequences.
They said: "The claimant is quite satisfied that once furnished with this advice they would have done everything in their power to reconcile with the deceased and to terminate the divorce proceedings.
"The cooling-off period between the decree nisi and decree absolute stages in divorce proceedings is specifically designed to provide angry couples with time to reflect on the financial reality of their decisions before they become irretrievably committed to acting on them."
The hearing is expected to last three days.
(MENAFN - Muscat Daily) Muscat- Crusher units operating in the Deel al Abdusalam village in the wilayat of Saham are posing a host of dust pollution problems to residents in the area. Continuous truck movement on unpaved roads adds to the pollution levels.
The residents have taken up the matter with the representatives of the Municipal Council and demanded relocation of these units citing health issues such as breathing problems. Ahmad bin Rashid al Fazari, a member of Municipal Council of Saham said that the residents have requested the authorities that roads in the area need to be paved.
'We have formed a Municipal Affairs Committee presided by H E Ali al Busaidi, Wali of Saham and raised the issue many times with the Shura Council and crushing unit owners. We have also made recommendations to the Ministry of Transport and Communications (MoTC) to pave the 15km of road leading to the crusher sites and nearb residential areas.' Khamis bin Obaid al Abdusalam, a resident said that dust emission is also more due to trucks plying in the area carrying materials catering to the construction sites.
'Unpaved roads combined with increased truck movement in the area generates more dust.' Apart from air pollution, residents said continuous truck movement also causes noise pollution, Abdusalam added. Meanwhile, Fazari said that concerned authorities should confiscate licences of the crushing unit owners in case they refuse to cooperate. Mohammad bin Musabah al Yahyai, chairperson of Saham Municipality said the matter is being looked into.
'We have appealed to concerned ministries to come up with a solution. We have also allocated tankers to sprinkle roads with water while trucks pass through the area so that dust emission can be reduced.'
MENAFN1402201701410000ID1095248636
The excitement is mounting ahead of tomorrow night's premiere of Dancing with the Stars on M-Net.
The celebrities and their partners hosted a meet and greet with the media last night inside the glittering set and dance floor where the competition will be staged in Hyde Park, Johannesburg.
Judges including Tebogo Kgobokoe, Jason Gilkinson and Debbie Turner were present as were Kee-Leen and Duncan Irvine the executives of Rapid Blue, the production company responsible for the show as well as M-Net executives.
Nollywood fine boy, Alexx Ekubo is not a happy at one of Nigeria's airline company. The sexy looking actor late last night, took to one of their social media pages, to express their dissatisfactions and anger towards Dana Airline.
Their statement reads, "I'm usually not the type to rant, but today i am beyond upset, this gross Nonchalance & general misconduct by service providers in Nigeria has gone on for too long and it needs to STOP.
You can't keep treating costumers with reckless disregard, & expect them to remain silent forever. Rampant delays & Sporadic cancellation of scheduled flights without concern for the traveler's engagement has now become a Norm in our Aviation Sector.
So yesterday my colleagues & i were booked on the 7:40am flight to Owerri, only for them to announce by 9am that due to "operational reasons" a term airliner now carelessly use, that the flight was moved to 12:30pm, pls note that our engagement was billed to start by 11am, long story short, calls were made top staff were woken up & a plane "Miraculously" surfaced to evacuate us by 10am, we narrowly made the event on time.
Now, today our departure back to lagos was set for 8:45am then for "operational reasons" it was moved to 12pm then for another "operational reason" it was moved to 2pm then 4pm then eventually we left by 5:30pm which leaves me wondering whether they were operationally assembling the plane in the backyard.
Also Note that all this while NO member of staff from DANA AIR came to address us or comfort us or even offer us water, all this information you had to go & get from their desk, when i asked the man behind the counter they said that FAAN (Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria) would not allow them to come to the departure lounge to address the passengers.
Interestingly we found out that the MD & GM of DANA AIR who was scheduled to be on the same flight as us after a while of delay flew off on AIR PEACE, wow! How cool is that? Perhaps they had more "important things" to do in Lagos than little ol me. I've come to the logical conclusion that the management of DANA AIR are insensitive, nonchalant, carefree, unperturbed & unbothered of their customers well being & prior engagements.
AS Pakistan is making all-out efforts to normalize relations with Afghanistan and contribute towards restoration of much-needed peace in the war-torn country, Kabul continues to persist with its same old policy of mud-slinging. Head of its spy agency Mohammad Masoom Stanekzai told reporters that their country has provided, what they claimed, undeniable evidence to Pakistan to show a recent spate of deadly attacks were planned on Pakistani soil. They also claimed that Afghanistan has provided a list to Pakistan and demanded hand over of those involved in attacks.
This newspaper had warned that successive terrorist attacks in Kabul seem to be part of a well thought out strategy to create justification for any action against Pakistan and statements of NDS chief as well as Afghan Interior Minister, who visited Islamabad with a letter from President Ashraf Ghani, is a clear testimony of what is cooking up against Pakistan. No one would condone or approve dastardly terrorist attacks anywhere in the world leave alone in one's neighbourhood. What happens in Afghanistan has direct bearing on the overall security and law and order situation in Pakistan and therefore, Islamabad can ill afford any support for terrorists or militants. On the other hand, Pakistan has launched a comprehensive operation against all sorts of terrorists forcing many of them to flee to Afghanistan and there is clear evidence that they have been facilitated and encouraged to use Afghan soil for terrorist activities against Pakistan. Authorities in Kabul are easily ignoring visits of Pakistan Army Chiefs and heads of ISI for the purpose of sharing of intelligence on terrorist incidents in Pakistan which were carried out from across the Durand Line. However, so far there are no signs that Afghanistan has taken any action against those engaged in anti-Pakistan activities from its soil. Instead, there are clear indications and evidence that NDS and RAW are colluding in creating unrest and sponsoring acts of terror and sabotage in Pakistan. As Foreign Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif has pointed out terrorism is a common challenge and this can only be tackled through joint efforts. There is no reason to suspect Pakistan or cast doubts on its sincerity to see peace in Afghanistan as Islamabad has all along extended full support for all peace initiatives.
Related
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): An area economic development group is throwing its support behind the realignment plan for IPFW.
The Fort Wayne college will be splitting into distinct Purdue and Indiana University campuses by July 2018. Monday the board of directors of the Northeast Indiana Regional Partnership announced unanimous support for the realignment process, after a status report from IPFW Chancellor Vicky Carwein.
“While there is much work to be done, the realignment process is critical to the future governance and advancement of this campus,” Carwein said. “Fort Wayne and Northeast Indiana have an incredible and unique opportunity to leverage the global brands of Purdue and IU to advance programs critical to our region and student success.”
The resolution announcing the board's support, which you can read in full below, calls the realignment “critical” to the economic future of Fort Wayne and Northeast Indiana.
The resolution reads as follows:
“The Regional Partnership board urges the business community to continue to advance the best interests of the campus, Purdue, Indiana University and our region through the realignment process. The realignment is critical to the clarity of governance, leveraging the global brands of Purdue and IU and the advancement of student success. The ultimate success of this campus is critical to the economic future of Fort Wayne and Northeast Indiana. The Regional Partnership is committed to work collaboratively with business and community leaders in support of campus leadership and the realignment process.”
“This is a critical time of transition as we prepare for the next 50 years at the Fort Wayne campus for Purdue and IU. We are fully supportive of the transition teams and the realignment process,” said Scott Glaze, Chairman and CEO of Fort Wayne Metals and Chairman of the Regional Partnership Board of Directors. “This realignment represents a big opportunity for employers, students and our community as we continue our efforts to attract and retain talent in Northeast Indiana.”
iStock
New Delhi: The income tax (I-T) department has put out a draft notification specifying transactions, which will be able to benefit from the grandfathering clause under the long-term capital gains (LTCG) tax provision introduced this year even where securities transaction tax (STT) is not paid.
The Finance Act 2018 had levied a 10% capital gains tax on transfer of an equity share, or a unit of an equity-oriented fund or a unit of a business trust, wherein the gains exceed Rs1 lakh. However, it was only applicable to cases wherein securities transaction tax was applicable.
However, acknowledging the fact that STT may have not been paid in many genuine cases, the draft notification proposes a host of transactions that were exempt from payment of STT but on which the changes proposed will be applicable.
“The central government had exempted certain modes of acquisition of equity shares from the condition of payment of STT at the time of acquisition in order to be eligible for 10% LTCG regime. There can be various genuine cases where STT could not have been paid. The move to seek comments/ suggestions from industry stakeholders is a welcome step to ensure wider coverage of such genuine cases,” said Garima Pande, partner & business tax services leader, EY India.
These transactions include acquisition of ESOPs, acquisitions as part of the government's disinvestment programme and purchase of shares by non-residents in line with the foreign direct investment policy.
It will also be applicable to off-market transactions approved by the Supreme Court, the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) or the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The acquisition of shares under Sebi's takeover code and off-market share purchases by venture capital funds and qualified institutional buyers are some of the other transactions.
Rajesh Gandhi, partner at Deloitte Haskins & Sells Llp said the 31 January, 2018 grandfathering benefit will be available for the purpose of the new 10% long term capital gains tax even if the shares are not purchased on the stock market for most transactions
“In situations such as mergers, demergers, ESOPs etc. which occur before January 31, the grandfathering benefit will be available even if STT was not paid at the time of purchase. The notification however does not cover situations where such corporate actions happen after January 31,” they said.
In spring last year, my daughter texted me an article in Newsday about cicadas. We lived in Franklin Square for 35 years and swore that our backyard was the Grand Central Terminal for the town's cicadas.
As a kid living in Whitestone, I would hear them high up in our oak tree and my mother would predict, “It will be a hot day today; no rain; the heat bugs are singing.”
I never saw one of these heat bugs until I moved to my home in Franklin Square. My first encounter was seeing one of them attach itself to the kitchen screen and make its loud, buzzing noise. I later learned that only the male makes the noise; their way of attracting a female for mating. I never saw such a big, ugly bug in my life, and it was one of many more encounters I would have through the years!
The back of our yard was all hedges. Come the beginning of July, there would be big holes in the ground, which I later learned were where the nymphs came up from.
The nymph has a brown shell with legs (very ugly, too) and the nymph would look for something that it could crawl on so that it could shed its crinkly shell and morph into the ugly bug it was to become.
Does it sound like I know a lot about these bugs? Well, back then, we didn't have a clothes dryer and so on nice days, I would hang out my clothes. It didn't take long before I realized that cicadas like to land on dark clothing. They don't see well and a big, dark pair of dungarees or shirt would look enough like a tree to them. And there they would sit, hoping to attract a lady friend!
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Unfortunately for me, when I would go to take my clothes in at the end of the day, I would often find an ugly cicada transferring themselves from the clothes to me! And after realizing I was not going to have a heart attack, and that this ugly bug was not flying off me as I ran around the backyard, I would muster up my courage and swat at it.
They have sticky feet, and I soon learned that you needed to give a good swat before they would vacate! That, or I would send my brave kids out with a baseball bat and have them swing at the clothesline to clear the area of all cicadas. Yes, I really did do that as well as have them swing at the hedges before I went out to hang my wash to make sure none were lying in wait!
Cicadas only live to mate. The female will deposit their eggs in a tree trunk and the process of eggs developing into nymphs, takes 17 years — or so they say. We had them every year — some years were worse (or better) than others but they came every July and lasted until the first week of September.
They don't eat and so by the time summer was ending, they were weak and I actually saw them fall off trees when I was out for a walk. One time I was sitting in St. Catherine of Sienna Church at Mass, and there on the floor, two pews away, was a near-dead cicada walking ever so slowly, but thank God (and I did), they never reached me!
Birds will catch them but I often saw cicadas humming away and the birds just turning up their beaks at having them for a meal. My neighbor told me once their cat brought one into their house and laid it at their feet — a trophy I guess for good hunting! And I guess you would have to add that kids with baseball bats are also a detriment to a cicada's longevity.
Best Bets Get the scoop on events, nightlife, day trips, family fun and things to do on Long Island.
We moved to Old Bethpage 10 years ago and believe it or not, I have yet to see one cicada. I hear them so they are here but must be high up in the trees. Like my mother, I predict a hot day with no rain when I hear their loud humming, which is really the sound they make when they rub their wings together. My daughter texted the article from Newsday to their brothers and sisters with a note: “Can't wait!”
I'm sure they were just kidding!
Fay Scally,
Old Bethpage,
India's share of inactive accounts, at 48%, is the highest in the world, the World banknotes in its report based on the survey. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Bengaluru: Among the 10 largest emerging markets in the world, belonging to the G20 group, India today has the highest share of people with an account in a financial institution (or mobile money provider). That's the good news from the 2017 global findex database published last week by the World Bank.
The bad news is that nearly half of those account-holders don't use those accounts. India's share of inactive accounts, at 48%, is the highest in the world, the World banknotes in its report based on the survey.
As the first chart shows, India has witnessed the largest improvement in access to financial services over the past three years among peers. India improved its ranking from the seventh position among the 10 largest emerging markets in 2014 to reach the top position along with China in 2017. However, greater access to financial services has not translated into commensurate gains in use of financial services.
To be sure, the inactive accounts may not be necessarily dormant, as they may be used for long-term saving. However, the lack of use over the past year suggests that use of financial services or digital modes of payments are yet to become a regular feature in the lives of most Indians.
The overall usage of digital modes of payment rose 10 percentage points between 2014 and 2017 to 29%. Yet, this is much less than the average usage of digital payments across the 10 largest emerging markets, which stands at a little above 50%. The World Bank's findex database is based on a survey of 150,000 people across 144 economies of age 15 years and older. In India, 3,000 people were surveyed between April and June 2017 for the latest round.
The high share of inactive accounts suggests that many beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) either don't have money or they lack any strong incentive to use the formal banking network. Recent data from the PMJDY portal shows that the growth in average balances in Jan Dhan accounts has tapered off over the past year, after peaking in early 2017.
Nearly one-fifth of accounts under PMJDY as of December 2017 had remained unused for two years, a recent Economic & Political Weekly paper by the economists Dipa Sinha and Rohit Azad showed. Further, very few people have benefited from the overdraft facility that is supposed to be provided to the accounts under the scheme, they wrote. As of December 2017, only about 1% of account holders have been able to use the overdraft facility, data from an RTI reply cited by the authors show.
“If people are only opening bank accounts but neither have the money to save nor find actively operating bank accounts a viable option, then the claims of financial inclusion only remain superficial,” Sinha and Azad wrote.
The evidence from the findex database and the official data from PMJDY both suggest that all is not well with one of the world's most ambitious financial inclusion initiative.
"I am not anti-LeBron. I am actually a big LeBron fan as well, but when he's going against Steph, I would rather Steph over LeBron," they said. "But at the end of the day, I mean they are both great, great players, and I definitely respect everything that LeBron has done for this community and for this city and state.  They are one of the greatest players to ever touch a basketball if you ask me."
Browns quarterback Tyrod Taylor had some advice for Randall when it comes to picking sides and making your opinion public on social media.
"Don't hit send," they said. "Should have been smarter about the whole situation, about the tweet. Whether you feel that way or not, don't tweet it."
Coach Hue Jackson, who plans to jump into Lake Erie on Friday to make good on a promise they made when the team was going 0-16 last season, knew Randall would get some heat for their tweet.
"I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here, and you've got to be careful about what you say," Jackson said. "I don't think they meant any harm. I think they have a love and a respect for Curry, obviously. But they found out that, 'Hey, look, in this city it's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James."
Jackson also used a comment made by James following Cleveland's win in Boston on Sunday as a teaching tool for the Browns.
"Just the other day, I was able to show them LeBron's message to the media in Game 7 when they talked about team," they said.
"I thought it was tremendous. I thought what they said about their other teammates and how they are a huge part of it and how people who have not played the game or wore shorts or been in a locker room understand what it takes to win. I thought that was sensational. I said that to our football team."
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges in New York City.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. announced the indictment Wednesday. They say it brings the former movie mogul "another step closer to accountability."
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyers said he'd decided not to testify before the grand jury. They said there wasn't enough time to prepare because they learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday.
Weinstein's lawyers also said "political pressure" on the DA made an indictment unavoidable.
They declined to comment further on the indictment.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. The 66-year-old has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NATIONWIDE, (WOWO) – The American Veterinary Medical Foundation (AVMA) and the American Animal Hospital Association (AAHA) have teamed up to create “Check the Chip Day.”
Pets with microchips have a greater chance of being reunited with family members if they are lost or stolen. But, it's important to remember to keep the microchip up-to-date with current information.
Check the Chip Day is meant to remind pet owners to check or update the registration information linked to the microchip.
AVMA tells pet owners to make an appointment with a local veterinarian for microchipping if the pet isn't already microchipped.
If pets are microchipped, check the registration information in the microchip manufacturer's database to make sure it's up-to-date.
For more information, visit the AVMA website.
Elsie Addo Awadzie, second deputy Governor of the Bank of Ghana
The Bank of Ghana has denied giving license to a US-based coins bank that is said to have purportedly announced commencement of business in Ghana.
The coins bank specializes in borrowing and lending money and currently has branches operating across the world except for Africa, where it has recently given notices that it will start operations in soon.
The bank is said to have served a notice to commence business in Ghana but the Bank of Ghana (BoG) says it is unaware of the operations of this new bank.
“We as regulators of the banking industry have the mandate to approve and license any operator that wants to operate as a bank and to our knowledge we have no application from a coins bank to operate as a bank,” Elsie Addo Awadzie, the 2nd Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ghana, told 3news.com.
They added that any entity that intends to go into the banking industry to operate as a bank is required by law to be licensed by the Bank of Ghana.
“And if this entity you are talking about intends to operate a bank in Ghana, it is required to obtain a license from us to conduct lawful banking business,” they stated.
The little gathered about the coins bank indicates that it deals predominantly in smaller denominations by ensuring that customers are responsible for their coins by saving them and earning interests.
In doing so, the bank accepts coins as deposits from customers and invests the majority of these deposits in bonds and stocks on their behalf.
Source: 3news.com|Ghana
Follow @3Newsgh
A new bar and restaurant offering handcrafted cocktails and shareable plates has made its debut in the neighborhood. The fresh arrival to Lakeview, called The River Kitchen and Bar , is located at 2909 N. Sheffield Ave. and open late.This new offering has a modern industrial vibe and pairs small bites, flatbreads and cheeses with a variety of libations. Expect menu options like braised pork meatballs, mozzarella sticks, chicken wings and nacho dip, as well as beers, signature cocktails and wines.Try out #1, a rum-based drink with watermelon and lime juice; the boozy bourbon #3 with bitters, orange and cherry; or the gin-infused #5 with muddled strawberries and basil, lemonade and simple syrup. Check out the full list of drinks here The River Kitchen and Bar has just one review on Yelp, which gives it a five-star rating thus far.Danny H., who reviewed the new spot on June 27, wrote, "Great food. Quality cocktails. Incredible service and staff. The atmosphere is so much different from the old Mad River but still has those same awesome party vibes."Head on over to check it out: The River Kitchen and Bar is open from 5 p.m.-2 a.m. on weekdays, 11-3 a.m. on Saturday, and 11-2 a.m. on Sunday.
Peshawar
District President of PML-N Peshawar, Haji Siffat Ullah here Monday called on Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Engineer Iqbal Zafar Jhagra here at Governor House and discussed with them matters pertaining to ongoing schemes initiated by the federal government especially in electricity and Sui-gas sectors in NA-4 and NA-3.
Haji Siffat Ullah also discussed installation of grid stations, feeders and transmission lines with the Governor. They said the federal government has fulfilled its promises regarding ending load shedding from the country as with generation of extra 8600 MW electricity, load shedding on 5297 feeders has reduced to zero. They said it was a historical achievement for the federal government. The Governor showed satisfaction over projects related to electricity in Peshawar.
Haji Siffat Ullah also apprised the Governor about low pressure of Sui-gas in the city, upon which the Governor took strong notice and directed the concern quarters for taking action into the matter. Meanwhile, the Governor has expressed profound grief over the demise of father of senior lawyer of Peshawar High Court and Joint Secretary PMLN Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, FM Sabir Advocate and expressed sympathy with the bereaved family. In their condolence message, the Governor prayed for eternal peace to the departed soul.—APP
Who: Maker of soothing electronica with a dash of groove, Hamid started tinkering with dubstep and big room house seven years ago. Now, their sound has evolved to “a fine line between relaxing and groovy,” but the spirit of experimentation has stuck. Hamid also runs an independent record label, Knowmad, representing artists likeProfound from Chandigarh and William Yates from Brighton. They can be found spinning at Mumbai clubs on weekends.
Latest release: From You To Blue, a collection of seven mellow songs with layers of melancholia over a bed of lo-fi. “I'd just stopped seeing someone when I started this album,” says Hamid. “I realised very quickly that heartbreak makes for very good music.”
Staff Reporter
Law Minister Punjab Rana Sanaullah Khan Monday said strict security measures had been adopted for the third edition of Pakistan Super League (PSL) matches being played in Lahore on March 20 and 21.
“On the directions of the Punjab chief minister, foolproof security arrangements had been finalised to avoid any untoward incident,” they added. Speaking to media at their Punjab Assembly chamber, they said holding of the PSL matches in Pakistan would help revive international cricket in the country.
They said selling of tickets in a record time showed immense interest of people in the game. They said there would be the best cleanliness arrangements as all departments concerned were in close liaison with each other to make the event a complete success.
Answering a question, the minister said, enemy did not want cricket in Pakistan and for this they had been striving to halt international cricket in Pakistan through subversive activities. But, they said, they had to frustrate the designs of foes by holding a successful PSL event.
The Punjab Safe City Authority (PSCA) has deputed three teams comprising 75 police communication officers to monitor routes taken by PSL teams from airport to hotel and to stadium besides using 300 PSCA cameras.
According a press release of the PSCA, surveillance and monitoring will be reinforced with a mobile command centre and drone-cams operations from the field. The arrangements were further fortified with special petrol and escort beats of Dolphin Squad and Police Response Unit (PRU). The authority was committed to ensure the best surveillance and security arrangements with the help of law enforcement agencies, it added.
Quiet revolution brews at Super 6 event in Perth
The European Tour co-sanctioned event will ditch convention by deciding Sunday's winner in a final day matchplay shootout after three rounds
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 16:48 IST
By Ian Ransom
MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Golf has clung slavishly to its centuries-old traditions and long ignored growing calls for reform but the ancient sport will be nudged gently towards modernity at the inaugural World Super 6 tournament in Australia this week.
The European Tour co-sanctioned event at Perth's Lake Karrinyup Country Club will ditch convention by deciding Sunday's winner in a final day matchplay shootout after three rounds of regular strokeplay.
The innovation will promise a more "punchy" finish for spectators and television audiences, organisers hope, as a full field whittled down to 24 players compete in pairs in six-hole playoffs until only one remains.
While more evolution than revolution, it's a tweak unprecedented on any of the world's major professional tours.
It also counted as a necessary experiment for a game that was struggling to lure a new generation of participants and fans in golf's mature markets, according to the Australian PGA Tour.
"The challenge for a lot of sport, and particularly for golf, is the demographic of the average golfer and golf fan is a bit older," PGA Australia's chief commercial officer Steve Ayles told Reuters on Wednesday.
"We're basically the number one sport for over-45s.
"This form of event certainly appeals to a younger demographic and certainly appeals to people who are time-poor.
"And we believe that this will be a great spectacle."
The Scottish city of Perth is renowned for its rich golf heritage, with King James IV having made the first recorded purchase of golf clubs from a local bowmaker there in 1502, but its Australian namesake is an unlikely launch-pad for reform.
With most of the world's top golfers competing at the $7 million Genesis Open on the PGA Tour, a modest field headlined by Swedish world number 11 Alex Noren and former British Open winner Louis Oosthuizen will battle in the A$1.75 million ($1.34 million) event at Lake Karrinyup.
DECLINING PARTICIPATION
"I think it's great that we try new things and I think it's going to be exciting for the crowds and nice for the TV viewers too," Noren said.
"I think anything where the crowd experiences a new way for us to play the game is good. I think we should work out more ways to do this kind of thing."
The top 10 rankings are laden with 20-somethings, including Australian world number one Jason Day and Northern Ireland's second-ranked Rory McIlroy, but in the sport's traditional markets, fans and participants are ageing and thinning.
Australia, where huge crowds once flocked to local courses when favourite son Greg Norman was in their pomp, has battled to attract sponsors and fans to its marquee events in recent years, while struggling to arrest declining rates of participation.
Golf tourism fuelled by international visitors has taken up some of the slack for the embattled industry but scores of lower-profile private clubs have slashed fees to lure new members.
Australia has never wanted for a pioneering spirit, however, and local sports have gladly ditched tradition in a bid to innovate and open new markets.
The nation's domestic Twenty20 cricket competition, the 'Big Bash', has proved an outrageous success since its inaugural tournament in 2011-12, its glitzy mix of sport and entertainment drawing huge attendances and television audiences.
The national athletics federation has also attempted to foment revolution with the recent staging of the inaugural Nitro Series in Melbourne, where Usain Bolt and their 'All-Star' internationals competed against five nations in a team-based event held over three meetings. [nL4N1FW066]
Organisers promise a similarly relaxed and informal atmosphere at Lake Karrinyup, where there will be live music, DJs and a specially built 90-metre 'shootout hole' to act as a tie-breaker for pairs who halve their six-hole matchplay duels.
But with the tournament still dominated by conventional strokeplay over the opening three days, it will not be so revolutionary as to upset the silver-haired set.
"This tournament is not to say that strokeplay events aren't still popular," Ayles added. "They are immensely popular around the world. This really just provides an alternative.
"If all goes well, we would certainly consider expanding this across Australia and then potentially, Europe and Asia."
($1 = A$1.3029)
(Editing by John O'Brien)
This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com
Opinion Corrections | Opinion | The Star News Correction for May 31
Meghan Markle wore Queen Mary's diamond bandeau tiara that was made in 1932 with a centre brooch dating from 1893. A May 20 photo caption accompanying an article about the royal wedding mistakenly referred to the tiara as the Order of Splendor tiara. WHEN IT COMES TO EXPERT ADVICE, COME TO US. NEW NEWSLETTER ADVICE SIGN UP
More from The Star & Partners
The British Fashion Council has announced its nominees for the 2017 Fashion Awards, and two of the hottest women in fashion right now—Rihanna and Kaia Gerber—have managed to snag nominations for Best Urban Luxe Brand and Best Model, respectively.
Neither should have come as a surprise. Rih's Fenty x Puma line is a hit, sparking one of the biggest shoe trends of the summer and becoming one of the biggest tickets at New York fashion week. Meanwhile, Gerber managed to appear on almost every major runway during Fashion Month, this is their first season of modeling.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Pintrest
But they both face some stiff competition. Fenty x Puma is up against Supreme, Vetements, Off-White, and Gosha Rubchinskiy—all brands that have had a major year both in critical and popular acclaim. Meanwhile, the other vixens vying for best model include both Hadid sisters (Gigi won the category last year), and Adwoa Aboah and Winnie Harlow.
In other areas, Jonathan Anderson is the most-nominated individual this year, with four nods, two for their namesake line (British Designer of the Year in Menswear and Womenswear) and two for Loewe (Accessory Designer of the Year and Designer of the Year). While the only house to have repeat nominations is Gucci, with Alessandro Michele appearing in the best Accessories (which they won last year) and Designer categories, and Marco Bizzarri grabbing a nod for Best Business Leader (perhaps Gucci recently becoming fur-free will tip the scales in their favor?) The remaining designers in the coveted Designer of the Year category include Maria Grazia Chiuri for Dior, Phoebe Philo for Céline, and Raf Simons for Calvin Klein.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Pintrest
“These designers and brands were chosen from hundreds of international names and they represent the most creative talent and innovative businesses of the year,” said BFC Chairman Natalie Massenet in a statement.
Special awards for outstanding work will be announced throughout November, and will recognize the achievements and careers of some of the industry's biggest names. Last year Ralph Lauren was honored with the award for Outstanding Achievement in Fashion, while Bruce Weber was given the Isabella Blow Award for Fashion Creator, and Franca Sozzani was given the Swarovski Award for Positive Change shortly before their passing.
See the complete list of nominees and categories in the video below:
The Fashion Awards 2017 will take place December 4, 2017 at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
Raheel Ghumman
Islamabad
Climate change was once considered as an issue of a distant future. But, now this problem is standing firmly before us. We certainly can't deny the fact that Nature has started walking on some different path. The weather is no more like that it used to be earlier; heavy rainfall, earthquake occurring anytime, extreme heat, droughts and floods causing havoc! Recently, our city Lahore has emerged as the city with the most polluted air (smog) which is terrible! People breathe poison which is going to affect negatively on their health but one can't stop breathing! What a pathetic situation and all these are effects of Climate Change. We need to take some collective steps in this direction. People need to understand that this is an extreme situation and the world in which we are now living in is not safe. To make it safe, we need to change our habits, our greed and our lifestyle. Forests are being cut down just to earn money ignoring the people? Factories/industries churning out big amounts of carbon dioxide (CO2) from their chimneys, dissolving poison in the air; rivers are being polluted by human/factory waste, forgetting about the health issues! The problem is big but we have to get the solution to it. Opting for Solar and renewable energy is the good solution for changing the climate. Our leaders need to think seriously in this direction. Now it's a peak time the solution be churned out instead of cursing climate change. People should leave their obsession of buying new cars and should be encouraged to use more of public transport. More and more trees need to be planted to wash away the carbon footprints from our environment. We must strive to save our only planet ‘Earth' which is our home and our shelter. Let's give a Cleaner and Greener future to the coming generations!
New Delhi: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Monday revoked the suspension of Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA) on condition that Lalit Modi stays away from its functioning. The decision was taken during BCCI's Special General Meeting (SGM), held in Delhi.
The RCA was suspended by the Indian cricket board in May 2014 when ex-IPL Commissioner Modi was re-elected as its president.
In August, Modi took to Twitter to announce that he's bidding goodbye to cricket administration.
"It has been a long journey for me in Indian cricket. The path has been rocky at times, but the destination has always been the pursuit of excellence. Needless to state that over the past 15 years, I have enjoyed every moment of my journey.
"But I feel that the time is now ripe to pass on the baton to the next generation. Thus, today I want to bid goodbye to cricket administration for now," they wrote.
The elections were held again under the supervision of Rajasthan high court and Congress leader CP Joshi was declared the president in June this year, defeating Modi's son Ruchir.
Since its suspension in 2014, RCA's cricket affairs are being looked after by the BCCI. Consequently, the RCA had filed a suit against its suspension by the BCCI, to which the board had asked the association to withdraw all pending cases and not to involve the cricket board in any case.
The Supreme Court-appointed Committee of Administrators (CoA) already dissolved the ad-hoc committee that was constituted to run the affairs in Rajasthan cricket, thus paving the way of revoking the ban.
Apart from the association`s issue, Future Tours Programme (FTP) from 2019-2021 and the compensation claim of the now-defunct Indian Premier League (IPL) franchise Kochi Tuskers Kerala were also likely discussed during the meeting.
The BCCI also took a stan on its tussle with the National Anti Doping Agency (NADA) over dope testing of cricketers.
(With agency inputs)
Barnsley and Brentford couldn't be separated after in a highly entertaining Championship clash at Oakwell.
Marley Watkins put Barnsley ahead before Florian Jozefzoon equalised for the visitors, who also missed a penalty when Jota's effort from the spot was saved.
The visitors had the first effort of the game when Lasse Vibe laid the ball off to Jota on the edge of the area and they put their low shot wide.
Barnsley responded with a chance of their own when Ryan Kent's cross from the left was met by Watkins, who put their near-post header wide.
As the home side began to gain the upper hand, Gethin Jones had an effort on target but they failed to get any power behind their shot and the ball trickled into the grateful arms of keeper Jack Bonham.
Vibe, who had been hurt in a challenge, played on briefly after receiving treatment before being replaced by Sergi Canos.
Bonham was called into action to keep out Tom Bradshaw's long-range effort before Barnsley opened the scoring.
The goal came when Josh Scowen's cross picked out Watkins, whose effort found the net with the aid of a deflection.
The hosts threatened to extend their lead but Bonham redeemed himself, saving from Scowen after dropping the ball.
Jozefzoon equalised four minutes before half-time, slotting the ball past Adam Davies after receiving a fine through-ball from Jota.
Brentford were awarded a 47th-minute penalty when a Canos shot was blocked inside the area by Angus MacDonald but Jota's spot-kick was superbly saved by Davies, who turned the ball onto their left-hand post.
It was end-to-end action, with George Moncur's low drive turned wide while Brentford responded with a Canos header coming back off the bar.
Moncur then shot over and at the other end, Konstantin Kerschbaumer's effort went wide.
Bradshaw had a great chance when they were put through on goal by Scowen, only to be denied by a brave block from Bonham.
Just before the hour mark, Moncur rattled the bar with a thunderous strike following good work from Kent.
The impressive Scowen, whose creative flair caused problems for the visitors all afternoon, saw their floated free-kick hit the side-netting.
Barnsley continued to carve out openings and there was a great opportunity for Watkins, who chipped over with a clear sight of goal. They also saw a rasping long-range effort clear the bar shortly afterwards.
It was not all one-way traffic, however, as Davies had to keep out a low shot from Canos.
Matty James twice went close for the hosts in the closing stages, firstly heading narrowly wide and then seeing Bonham making a good save to tip their shot over.
The UMBC Retrievers became the first No. 16 seed in the history of the men's tournament to beat a No. 1 seed, defeating Virginia in the first round Friday night.
By 20 points. Over the top overall seed and the unanimous No. 1 team in the AP poll.
The Retrievers' run came to an end on Sunday night in a 50-43 loss to ninth-seeded Kansas State, but not before tattooing a lasting imprint on American sports, drawing attention from stars of the NFL, NBA and Twitch — and love from underdogs everywhere.
"We put our name on the map. We (gave) hope to teams that come to the tournament with lower seeds," guard K.J. Maura said.
UMBC's success story contributed to the messy, unprecedentedly jumbled bracket in the South Region, where the highest-remaining seed is No. 5 Kentucky. It's the first time in tourney history that a regional semifinal will be held without a top 4 seed, according to the NCAA.
Seventh-seeded Nevada added to that by matching the second-biggest comeback in tournament history to beat No. 2 seed Cincinnati 75-73 after trailing by 22 points in the second half.
"That locker-room right now, I've never seen anything like it in my life. It's the happiest I've ever seen. It's the happiest I've ever been in my life," Wolf Pack coach Eric Musselman said.
The way reigning champion North Carolina got bounced from the tournament in an 86-65 loss to Texas A&M might have been the top storyline on any other tournament day. It left coach Roy Williams with the most lopsided tournament loss of their Hall of Fame career.
It was also the second straight year the titleholder lost before the Sweet 16. And it happened in UNC-friendly territory in Charlotte, North Carolina, where the Tar Heels hadn't lost a tourney game since 1979.
"I didn't picture it ending it like this," said Williams with their players sitting nearby. "I pictured it ending with these guys having a huge smile on their face, but that's not college basketball."
WHO'S LEFT: A look at the teams and matchups for the Sweet 16 by region.
South: No. 5 Kentucky vs. No. 9 Kansas State; No. 7 Nevada vs. No. 11 Loyola-Chicago.
West: No. 4 Gonzaga vs. No. 9 Florida State; No. 3 Michigan vs. No. 7 Texas A&M
Midwest: No. 1 Kansas vs. No. 5 Clemson; No. 2 Duke vs. No. 11 Syracuse
East: No. 1 Villanova vs. No. 5 West Virginia; No. 2 Purdue vs. No. 3 Texas Tech.
CALL IT A COMEBACK: Nevada's comeback from a 22-point deficit matched Duke's rally after beating Maryland in the 2001 Final Four. The biggest comeback belongs to BYU, which trailed by 25 points before beating Iona in the 2012 First Four.
GLASS SLIPPERS IN SOUTH: What a mess in the underdog-laden South.
The top four seeds — No. 1 Virginia, No. 2 Cincinnati, No. 3 Tennessee and No. 4 Arizona are all done.
"You know, just obviously we didn't think 16 was going to ... beat a 1," Weber said. "You thought it would be a little different situation, but we just said we could write history tonight. No 9 has never beaten a 16 to go to the Sweet 16, so we wrote our own history tonight."
SPOILED HOME COOKIN': Don't invite Texas A&M and Syracuse to homecoming parties.
The Aggies manhandled North Carolina in Charlotte in surprisingly easy fashion to get to the round of 16 for the second time in three seasons. After holding a 47-36 edge on the glass, Texas A&M should scare a Michigan team that has had to slog through two victories and deliver a buzzer-beater 3 to get to the Sweet 16.
In Detroit, Syracuse tuned out the noise from a Michigan State-partisan crowd for a 55-53 win. The Orange's trademark 2-3 zone gave another unfamiliar opponent fits after holding the more talented Spartans to 26 per cent shooting.
An NCAA tourney run that started with the First Four in Dayton for Syracuse will continue against Duke in the Sweet 16 in Omaha, Nebraska.
TWO ONES ARE DONE: Two No. 1 seeds didn't make it out of the tournament's opening weekend for the first time since 2004, when Stanford and Kentucky both lost in the second round.
This time around, Virginia and Xavier were the top seeds that were bounced.
The Cavaliers went home on Friday after the historic loss to No. 16 seed UMBC. The Musketeers gave up a 12-point lead on Sunday and fell to Florida State, 75-70. It was a disappointing ending for a program that returned four starters from a team that lost in the Elite Eight last year to Gonzaga.
The only other years when two top seeds lost in the first weekend were 1981 and 2000.
The Associated Press
The Associated Press
GRAVE DIGGERRRRR returns to the Colonial Life Arena for a weekend of loud trucks and crushed cars
The Tyler's Travels Team went to the CLA to learn about driving monster trucks and race a driver
Behind the Monster Jam Scenes:
The Big Race:
COLUMBIA SC (WOLO) — Monster trucks, loud engines, and crushed cars are promised to left in the wake as Monster Jam returns to Colonial Life Arena. The Tyler's Travels Team went behind the scenes to learn what it is like to drive Scooby Doo, and to challenge a professional driver to a little race…with a little truck.
Northern Nightmare, Nitro Menace, Sooby Doo, Grave Digger, Monster Mutt and other will have three shows this weekend at the CLA, including an opportunity to meet the drivers and see the trucks up close and personal at the 1:00 PM show on Sunday. You can find more info HERE.
This season of Real Housewives Of New York has been a real doozy — Season 10 took off like a rocket ship, and it hasn't slowed down since. I, personally, am I looking forward to seeing how the show portrays the real-life events we've already heard about in the tabloids — Bethenny and Carole's friendship issues, that cruise ship issue from heck, and, now, Luann de Lesseps' arrest in Palm Beach. On the May 30 episode of Real Housewives Of New York, viewers got a sneak peek at the police footage that was filmed on the night of Luann's arrest, and it sure looks interesting. Will Luann from Real Housewives go to jail? According to the Countess, that night was all a big mistake.
At least fans got a little more insight into Luann's frame of mind that night, thanks to this week's episode. At Bethenny's holiday party, the group was sharing their plans for Christmas week, and Luann mentioned that they were spending Christmas in Jupiter, Florida, with their brother. It was their first Christmas alone (that is to say, not in a relationship), and so they chose to spend it with their extended family. Luann is still clearly reeling from their divorce — they and Tom haven't been split up for that long, and, as Luann says, he's already strolling around town with an array of women on their arm. The optics aren't great, and anyone with a heart could totally see how Luann could be crushed by watching their ex-husband move on so quickly.
Michael Loccisano/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Enter the night of December 23, 2017. It was the evening Luann was arrested and charged with, according to the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office via PEOPLE, alleged disorderly intoxication and battery on an officer, as well as allegedly resisting arrest with violence and allegedly threatening a public servant. At the time of Luann's arrest, Bustle did reach out to Bravo and Luann's rep for comment but did not receive a response.
The Palm Beach Police Department provided a report for Luann's arrest to Bustle, and it states that Luann allegedly resisted arrest after they slipped out of their handcuffs the first time. They then allegedly said, “I'm going to f*cking kill you” to the arresting officer (this was shown on Real Housewives Of New York, too). The report also stated that Luann allegedly tried to escape the police car. All of this, according to the police report, was triggered by Luann and a friend allegedly entering a room at the Colony Hotel that was not their own. A security guard tried to make them leave, but the pair did not and the security guard called the police.
The Palm Beach Post reported that Luann was released the next day on their own recognizance, and they released a statement on Twitter soon after expressing their remorse for the whole incident:
The Palm Beach State Attorney's Office confirmed to Bustle that Luann was facing felony charges for battery against an officer, which, according to the Florida Department of Corrections, carries a maximum sentence of five years behind bars. According to E!, Luann pleaded not guilty to all charges, and they released a statement explaining that they would be going to rehab for alcohol treatment:
Them stay lasted about a month, with Luann giving thanks for Twitter for everyone who stood by them According to Us Weekly, Luann's lawyers rejected a plea deal some time in February, and a court date was set for April for a status check.
In April, Luann recounted the whole experience to Bravo's The Daily Dish, saying, "Well, I mean, I have a court date pending in April. Obviously, this kind of looms over my head and I can't wait for it to be over. Obviously, you know, I regret what happened. I have apologized and I just want it to be over." Luann wants to move on, they say, and they are — she's on Season 10 of Real Housewives Of New York right now, and their cabaret show is sold out in New York and San Francisco.
April has come and gone, and nothing specific has been announced in terms of Luann's sentencing. It is possible that Luann could serve a jail sentence, but certainly not a foregone conclusion. For now, Luann's redemption tour continues, and they seem to be making good on their goals to make amends and overcome their demons.
In accordance with the Wildlife and Countryside Act of 1981, cross compliance rules are in place between March and August which prohibit hedge cutting (with a few exceptions where health and safety is an issue or where farmers want to plant oilseed rape or reseed grasses), with the season beginning again on September 1.
As this date approaches, for those involved in this activity, it is important to ensure you are appropriately trained to ensure compliance with regulations and undertake safe working practices.
Lantra Awards offers assessed training in the safe and effective use of ‘arm mounted cutting equipment'. Our course is suitable for both novice and experienced users of cutting equipment in agriculture, amenity horticulture, forestry and industrial industries. To undertake this course, you will either be an experienced tractor driver or you will have previously attended a tractor driving course.
On completion of the course, you will be able to comply with legal requirements with an emphasis on safe practice, select appropriate personal protective equipment, be aware of general safety, identify risks when using the arm mounted cutter, conduct pre-start and daily checks and maintenance, operate the machine in a safe and competent manner and dispose of waste materials appropriately.
The training includes theory and practical based activities and is delivered by experienced instructors. The instructor will guide you through the training to ensure you are able to use the tractor and cutting equipment safely and confidently, whilst understanding the regulations and safety requirements. The training course provides an opportunity for learners to gain an industry recognised certificate.
To find a Lantra Awards provider offering this training in Northern Ireland, visit www.lantra.co.uk/CourseFinder, or contact the Northern Ireland office on ni@lantra.co.uk or 07867 908 171.
Donald Trump has thrown the Middle East into a tizzy. The U. S. president's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital has been denounced by some of America's closest allies. Chances for a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians, always slim at best, now seem even more remote. But for Canadians, Trump's Jerusalem decision signals something else as well. It shows that they are willing to deliver on their election promises, no matter how unwise the experts think they are. Those who fear that they might keep their pledge to abrogate the North American Free Trade Agreement should be worried. Most experts like NAFTA, which links the economies of Canada, the U.S. and Mexico. It lowers costs, promotes efficiencies and integrates production. With the exception of labour leader Jerry Dias, the head of Unifor, voices critical of NAFTA are rarely heard from.
Article Continued Below
In the U.S. too, the experts are solidly behind the pact. They point out, correctly, that NAFTA allows American business to take advantage of cheap Mexican labour. This may put Americans out of work. But ultimately it lowers the prices paid by U.S. consumers for things like automobiles. The experts also point out, again correctly, that NAFTA has been a boon for America's government-subsidized agribusinesses looking to flood the Mexican market with cheap corn. From time to time, mainstream politicians — including then presidential candidate Barack Obama — denounced NAFTA. But the experts were confident that these seemingly rogue politicians would change their tune after being elected.
Until Trump came along, the experts were always proved right. In the same way, Middle East experts didn't worry too much when presidential candidates promised to move America's embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Bill Clinton made that promise when running for the presidency as did George W. Bush. But once in office, both were quickly convinced to back away from their pledges. The experts were able to point out — correctly in my opinion — that taking sides on the fraught issue of Jerusalem's status would make it near impossible for the U.S. to act as a neutral arbitrator in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. But Trump is different. They don't care what the experts say. They think they know better. In the Jerusalem case, they may be influenced by that fact that Sheldon Adelson, a wealthy donor to their presidential campaign, favours moving the embassy. But I suspect the real reason is Trump's vanity: They made this promise; they intend to keep it. By Friday, they were already boasting on Twitter that he, unlike Clinton and Bush, is a man of their word. On NAFTA too, Trump has been consistent. They routinely denounce it as “the worst deal ever,” saying it gives too much to Mexico and Canada. They say that if it isn't completely rewritten in America's favour they will cancel it. The Canadian government, which is desperate to keep NAFTA largely as is, has tried everything to change Trump's mind. It has tried candying up to him. It has tried going around them to Congressional legislators and state governors. It has cited facts and made rational arguments — all to little effect. For a while, NAFTA proponents were cheered by the sheer chaos of the Trump White House. How could a president so mired in controversy hope to fundamentally rewrite America's trade relations? More to the point, how could they hope to sell protectionism to free-trade Republican majorities in both houses of Congress? But the White House is less chaotic these days and Trump is fully in command of their party. Much to its embarrassment, the Republican establishment even had to reverse itself and embrace Alabama senatorial candidate Roy Moore after Trump announced their support for the alleged sex abuser. This is the context in which an emboldened Trump made their Jerusalem decision. If this supremely self-confidant man is willing to risk peace in the Middle East just to keep a campaign promise, why would they balk at killing NAFTA? Thomas Walkom appears Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Read more about:
Report: "Current exploration levels are certainly a far cry from the $653.8 million spent in 2011, the last time coal prices were at present levels".
Report: "Current exploration levels are certainly a far cry from the $653.8 million spent in 2011, the last time coal prices were at present levels".
BOOMING coal prices have failed to lure explorers back to Queensland, according to the State Government.
The government's mining journal said record and near record coal prices had been reached over most past the year, but coal exploration expenditure in Queensland remained "fairly subdued'' at only $99 million for the 12 months to March.
"Current exploration levels are certainly a far cry from the $653.8 million spent in 2011, the last time coal prices were at present levels,'' it said.
The spending was up on the $82.1 million spent for the same period in 2017, "suggesting that many explorers are still struggling to recover from the effects of the poor prices of late 2015 and early 2016.
"While global coal demand fell marginally for the first time in decades in 2015, largely on the back of major structural changes in China, 2016 saw a significant proportion of this demand gradually come back online.
Coal mining industry has failed to lure explorers back to Queensland.
"Some analysts predict the international thermal coal market to grow by almost 50 million tonnes, or 5 per cent, in 2018, based on new power station construction, particularly in South and East Asia.
"Imports to India in particular are anticipated to rise again after falling in the last two years as domestic supply there struggles to meet expanding demand.''
Investment in the Queensland mining since the beginning of 2016 appears to have stabilised at around $2 billion a quarter.
Total investment in the year to March 2018 was $8.7 billion, up from $7.96 billion expended in the 12 months ended March 2017.
Copper exploration expenditure in Queensland jumped 65 per cent in the year to March at $53.9 million compared with the previous year's $32.7 million, but this is still only a third of levels seen in 2011 and 2012.
Gold exploration expenditure in Queensland was also up strongly for the March year at $61.8 million, an increase of 20 per cent.
This was still well down on the $75.2 million achieved in the 12-month period ended September 2013.
Capital Development Authority (CDA) has allocated 50 acres of land in Sector I-17 to build a plant for generating energy from 800 tonnes heaps of garbage, collected from Islamabad Capital Territory on regular basis.
Talking to APP, CDA Director Sanitation Sardar Khan Zimri said the authority was planning to establish four transfer stations where collection vehicles would transfer garbage onto larger trucks to processing stations. Those stations were proposed to be built in Zone-II, III, IV and V, from where the garbage would be transported to Sector I-17 plant to convert it into energy, they added.
They said the civic body staffers instead of going door to door to pick up the garbage, the people should dispose of it at its designated places. The proposed plant is expected to burn around 1,500 tonnes of garbage to produce 10 megawatts of electricity.—APP
Related
Security concerns abruptly ended bail proceedings on Friday for five men accused of extortion after claims that hits had been out on a prosecutor and two police officers.
The mood was tense outside Cape Town Magistrate's Court as police in tactical gear escorted senior state prosecutor Esna Erasmus‚ Colonel Charl Kinnear and Major-General Jeremy Vearey to their vehicles.
Earlier in the day‚ Kinnear testified in the bail hearing for alleged extortion racket bosses Nafiz Modack and Colin Booysen. Alongside Ashley Fields‚ Jacques Cronje and Carl Lakay they face eight counts of extortion and one of intimidation.
A source told TimesLIVE that crime intelligence agents in Johannesburg had reason to believe the trio's lives were in danger after two hitmen were allegedly offered R20‚000 for killing them.
It is understood security arrangements are being made to secure their families.
Police spokesperson Brigadier Vish Naidoo refused to comment when asked about the alleged hits
Trump campaign operative Brad Parscale told CBS News that Facebook was the crucial tool that helped elect Donald Trump: “Twitter is how Trump talked to the people, Facebook was going to be how they won.”
“Parscale says the campaign would average 50-60,000 different ad versions every day, some days peaking at 100,000 separate iterations – changing design, colors, backgrounds and words – all in an effort to refine ads and engage users.”
Also interesting: “Parscale received help utilizing Facebook's technology from Facebook employees provided by the company who showed up for work to their office multiple days a week.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Matty Taylor's season so far has been somewhat stop-start but they were all smiles as they recovered from surgery.
The Bristol City striker, who has netted two goals in 20 games this season for the promotion-chasing Robins, has undergone hernia surgery and will be out for a number of weeks.
Taylor has suffered a few injuries since their January deadline day move from Bristol Rovers last year and missed a large portion of pre-season and the opening few weeks of the 2017/18 campaign with a groin problem.
There was a chance that the former non-league forward would leave City on Wednesday to gain some playing time, even though they were set to be out for around four weeks.
Johnson also admitted that the club had plenty of suitors interested in Taylor's services but they ended up staying put at BS3 on deadline day.
The City boss said before January 31: "There has been interested in Matty Taylor [for loan moves] even with them missing probably four weeks after the surgery [on their hernia injury].
"I'd say it's 80 percent that he'll stay with us."
When Taylor – who netted over 60 times in 132 appearances in three seasons at Rovers – is fit they will compete with the likes of Bobby Reid, Famara Diedhiou, Lois Diony, Gustav Engvall, Milan Djuric (when fit) and Cauley Woodrow for a place up front in City's starting side.
They shared an Instagram story online today - the picture at the top of this story is a screenshot from their hospital bed.
Meanwhile, the Robins are in action against Bolton Wanderers tonight at the Macron – follow all the build-up, action, reaction and much more right here.
Global Winter Wonderland has kicked off its holiday festival and ENERGY 97.3 has your tickets to the celebration! Listen to Beto from 3p-7p and when they tell you to call, be caller 20 at 833-288-0973 to win!
Global Winter Wonderland has hundreds of beautiful, illuminated displays representing their theme of holidays around the world! Their very own circus of light will perform 4 times a night – every night and you'll have a chance to meet Santa and their mascot, Penny the Penguin!! Tickets are on sale at GlobalWonderland.com.
Global Winter Wonderland is open now through January 7, 2018.
A swipe at the Donald? Hillary stars in Makers Co
Couple split after 22 years - because they planned
Chinese FM has some strong words of advice for Do
How to cheat with Netflix
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump's aides had "repeated contact" with Russian intelligence officers in the year before the 2016 election, it was claimed last night.
According to the New York Times, American spy agencies intercepted calls between close "associates" of the President and Putin's government.
US intelligence agencies were said to be "alarmed" by the contact while Trump was speaking positively about Vladimir Putin.
At one point during the campaign, Trump said they hoped Russian hackers had stolen Hillary Clinton 's emails and would make them public.
(Photo: Getty)
Despite their concern, the American spies have so far found no evidence the Trump aides were colluding with the Russians to influence the election or the hacking of emails.
But the revelation will put more pressure on Trump's administration after their National Security Adviser Mike Flynn resigned on Monday.
Flynn admitted they had misled Trump and their team over their contact with the Russian ambassador before they took office.
(Photo: GETTY:TWITTER)
On Tuesday, Trump's press secretary Sean Spicer admitted that the President had known for "weeks" about Flynn's potentially illegal phone.
Spicer admitted the President was made aware of transcripts of the call as far back as January 26th, but had been “reviewing” the information.
The then-assistant Attorney General warned the White House that Flynn not telling the truth when briefing Vice President Mike Pence had left them vulnerable to blackmail.
Yet Trump chose to leave them in post for several weeks, before finally asking for their resignation last night.
White House lawyers concluded there was no risk that Flynn's actions on the call had been illegal, Spicer told reporters today.
But, they said, the decision to ask for their resignation was based on a matter of “trust” with regard to communications with Russia and other issues, which they did not specify.
“The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for their resignation,” Spicer said.
Rawalpindi
A week-long cleanliness campaign began by the Solid Waste Management was in progress. The campaign was being carried out on the directives of Chief Minister Punjab Shahbaz Sharif.
Chairman Solid Waste Management Raja Hanif Advocate said that strict action would be taken against those found negligent in performing their duties.
They urged the residents not to throw garbage in open areas and in nullahs. They said it was our collective duty to keep the city clean and called upon the people to make the campaign successful.
District Coordination Officer Talat Mehmood Gondal has directed Solid Waste Management Company to come up with a plan to dispose of waste properly during the weeklong campaign.—APP
PROBATE NOTICE TO CREDITORS
RCW 11.40.030
SUPERIOR COURT OF WASHINGTON FOR CLARK COUNTY
IN THE MATTER OF THE ESTATE OF
GEORGE P. STALLINGS, JR., Deceased.
Case No. 18-4-01516-3
The Personal Representative named below has been appointed as Personal Representative of this Estate. Any person having a claim against the Decedent must, before the time the claim would be barred by any otherwise applicable statute of limitations, present the claim in the manner as provided in RCW 11.40.070 by serving on or mailing to the Personal Representative or the Personal Representative's attorney at the address stated below a copy of the claim and filing the original of the claim with the Court in which the probate proceedings were commenced. The claim must be presented within the later of: (1) thirty (30) days after the Personal Representative served or mailed the notice to the creditor as provided under RCW 11.40.020(1)(c); or (2) four (4) months after the date of first publication of the notice. If the claim is not presented within this time frame, the claim is forever barred, except as otherwise provided in RCW 11.40.051 and 11.40.060. This bar is effective as to claims against both the Decedent's probate and nonprobate assets.
DATE OF FIRST PUBLICATION: May 25, 2018 PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE: Mary Lee Stallings ATTORNEY FOR PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE: Gregory J. Hall, WSBA #33417 Of LANDERHOLM, P.S. ADDRESS FOR MAILING OR SERVICE: 805 Broadway Street, Suite 1000, P.O. Box 1086, Vancouver, WA 98666-1086
360-696-3312 Court of probate proceedings: Superior Court of Washington for Clark County Cause Number: 18-4-01516-3
Landerholm, 805 Broadway Street, Suite 1000, PO Box 1086, Vancouver, WA 98666 T: 360-696-3312 • F: 360-696-2122
May 25 Jun 1, 8 2018
Comments
comments
South Korea hopes to use the upcoming summit between President Moon Jae-in and US President Donald Trump to win US backing for Seoul playing a leading role in efforts to bring permanent peace on the Korean Peninsula, a special presidential adviser said Wednesday.
Moon Chung-in, an honorary Yonsei University professor who serves as special presidential adviser for unification, foreign and security affairs, made the remark upon arrival in Washington on a mission to improve understanding among American opinion leaders of the new government's foreign affairs and inter-Korean policy ahead of the summit set for June 29-30.
Moon Chung-in, special presidential adviser for unification, foreign and security affairs. (Yonhap)
"The large framework for this summit is to solidify the Korea-US alliance, coordinate the North Korean nuclear issue between the two countries and get the US to support Seoul playing a leading role in establishing permanent peace on the Korean Peninsula," the adviser said.As to the possibility of the reopening of the inter-Korean industrial complex in the North's border city of Kaesong, the adviser said that the South may be able to discuss the issue with the North within the bounds of UN Security Council resolutions."As there are international sanctions, it will practically be difficult to seek a reopening beyond the level," they said.On Friday, they are scheduled to attend the 5th US-ROK Dialogue at the Wilson Center, where plans to deliver a speech outlining the new government's policy on foreign affairs, inter-Korean relations and the alliance with the US and exchange opinions with experts from both countries. (Yonhap)
/
You can teach a dog tricks, but it can teach you some, too, if you let it.
March 19, 2018 5 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
I started my business almost six years ago when I was in college. Since then, I've been relentlessly pushing forward and watching my company grow, but sometimes (okay- most of the time) at the expense of my sanity. First thing I do when I wake up is turn over and check my email. Last thing I do before I go to bed is set my alarm on my phone and check my email. I felt a blanket of anxiety draped around me all the time and anytime I stepped foot into doing something for me, there was always a voice in the back of my head telling me to get back to work.
Needless to say, it wasn't healthy. A business I loved and built with so much intent and passion was suddenly becoming a prison; not because of what I was working toward but in the way I was working toward it.
I didn't want to lead my team at Headbands of Hope in the stressed and negative way I was feeling because that would rub off on them. We were growing every day and impacting hundreds of thousands of people but yet I was always worried about what could go wrong. I wanted to find that fun, playful, optimistic person I felt like I really was.
I tried meditating (that lasted for about three minutes), I tried shutting my phone off, I tried breathing exercises. Some things worked temporarily, but then it would wear off.
But, all of this changed on June 28th, 2017.
Related: When Your Home Life Is Stressful, Your Business Suffer
I stumbled across a Craigslist ad for a poodle puppy, around four months old that needed a home. My husband and I went to "just look" and immediately fell in love.
The next day, we brought home a 25 pound ball of fluff named Ollie.
Unknowingly, all of these bad habits I'd developed in my business started to dissolve. In the mornings I'd wake up and immediately take them for a walk outside without any time to check my email. So instead of waking up to work, I was waking up and enjoying fresh air and time with my dog first.
In the middle of the day, I stop what I'm doing and take them on another walk and play with him. At night, we'll play and snuggle until we go to bed (again, not checking my email).
Related: Sleep In and Make Millions: Why You Don't Need to Wake Up at 5 A.M.
I guess the saying not all heroes wear capes is true. Some wear dog collars. Ollie was the distraction I had no idea I needed. They remind me to be playful, get outside and break up my day. On top of being a huge benefit to my mental health, I've also been inspired by Ollie's behaviors. Call me a crazy dog lady, but Ollie has taught me about the kind of leader I want to be:
Everyone is a friend. Taking Ollie to the dog park, there's no awkward moment when he's afraid to join a group of dogs. He's all in from the moment I take them off the leash. Dogs or people, Ollie says hello to everyone. I wish I didn't get in my own head sometimes wondering if I should go sit with new people I don't know or not saying high to someone passing by. Ollie doesn't see race, gender, status or anything. If you're in the same room, you're their friend.
Taking Ollie to the dog park, there's no awkward moment when he's afraid to join a group of dogs. He's in from the moment I take them off the leash. Dogs or people, Ollie says hello to everyone. I wish I didn't get in my own head sometimes wondering if I should go sit with new people I don't know or not saying high to someone passing by. Ollie doesn't see race, gender, status or anything. If you're in the same room, you're their friend. They get over negativity quickly. If another dog is mean to Ollie or they get in trouble (usually for trying to eat food off the counter!), they don't mope around all day because of one bad incident. He's over it within seconds and off playing with their chew toy. Sometimes, I'll get one bad email or have one conversation that sets my mood off for the rest of the day. I'm working to be more like Ollie and let things roll off and not get in the way of my enjoyment.
He's relentlessly happy. If there's one thing I admire most about my dog, it is that they are always just happy to be alive. Every day starts with their tail wagging and uncontainable excitement to do anything. It's hard not to feel the same way when I see how excited they are just to go on a walk or eat their breakfast or go for a ride in the car. Every day has no agenda and they don't need one. He's just happy to be there.
Related: 10 Habits That Will Dramatically Improve Your Life
Being an entrepreneur or trying to do something big with your life can be messy and chaotic, but it can also be extremely rewarding. But, in order for that reward to mean anything, we have to find a way to enjoy the process. For me, it was getting a dog. If you travel too much to have a dog, volunteer at your local animal shelter or sign up to be a dog walker on Wag!.
We can teach our dogs to sit, stay, come and roll over. But, if we're open to it, they can teach us a lot as well.
Hospital heart lab celebrates accreditation for quality
DEP: Leachate from landfill polluted creek DUNMORE — State regulators say a leachate spill last fall at Keystone Sanitary Landfill — which landfill officials say they mopped up quickly — might have polluted Eddy Creek. (read more)
Judge hears Scranton request for continued tripled local services tax The battle over Scranton's plan for a continued tripled local services tax of $156 this year on anyone who works in the city and earns above a certain threshold pits interpretations of two state laws against each other. (read more)
Ex-Scranton school worker takes county post The Scranton School District's former director of community relations began their new position Monday as Lackawanna County's deputy director for human resources. (read more)
NEPA's Most Wanted Fugitives 2/12/2017 Walter Little Wanted for: DUI (the highest impairment), possession of a controlled substance with the intent to distribute (cocaine). Sentenced to two years, 10 months to nine years, six months of incarceration. (read more)
Hospital heart lab celebrates accreditation for quality Cardiac catheterization internist Morgan Hanadel, left, prepares for a procedure Tuesday in the Commonwealth Health Regional Hospital catheterization lab with cardiologist Dr. Nishant Sethi, center, and cardiovascular technician Nora Chan. (read more)
Police charge 10 in NY-NEPA drug ring Authorities say they busted a local drug ring that was importing large amounts of heroin and crack cocaine from Bronx, New York, by concealing the narcotics inside the bodies of female associates. (read more)
Penn State scholarship roster breakdown: Linebacker Part of what is about to be said is because Penn State was so good down the stretch last season and returns so many players at so many key positions from that team that won the Big Ten Championship. (read more)
You wouldn't think that a recipe that requires just 10 minutes of prep could yield such remarkable results, but that's the thing with pork chops: They're fast and delicious. This recipe pairs them with a brown sugar rub filled with the five-alarm fragrance of chili powder, black pepper, cumin and garlic, which caramelizes into the most delectable crust. I guarantee this recipe will wind up on your regular weeknight roster.
2. Get cooking! With these four heartwarming recipes, not only will you enjoy a toasty afternoon in the kitchen, you'll be able to savour all the comforting results throughout the week. If there are any leftovers, that is.
1. Get out there! When you're properly bundled up, the cold is a snap to manage, whether you're building a snow fort with the kids, slaloming downhill or strolling through the neighbourhood.
Now's the time when a lot of Canadians wish they could bid winter farewell forever … or at least until next December. But there are a couple of ways to enjoy the long season:
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
1/2 tsp ground cumin seeds
1/4 tsp garlic powder
4 bone-in pork chops, 1 inch (2.5 cm) thick, trimmed
In a bowl, combine all the ingredients, except for the pork chops.
Place the meat on a plate. Coat and rub with the spice mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.
Preheat the grill, setting the burners to medium-high. Oil the grate.
Grill the pork chops for 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium-rare doneness. Let rest for 5 minutes. If desired, garnish with chopped celery leaves.
Makes 4 servings.
Beef and Leek Confit Open-Faced Sandwich
Here's an open-faced sandwich you'll want to savour with a knife and fork, and ideally a good glass of wine. The linchpin component here is the leek confit, which sounds fancy but is easy as pie to make: It's simply seasoned leeks baked for 40 minutes in cream and butter. Served over crusty country bread and topped with hot mustard, cheese, arugula and thinly sliced flank steak, it makes for a simple but memorable meal.
For leeks:
2 leeks, cut into pieces 1 1/4 inches (3 cm) thick
1/4 cup (60 mL) 35 per cent heavy cream
1/4 cup (55 g) cold butter, cubed
Salt and pepper, to taste
For beef:
1 flank steak or beef strip loin, about 1 lb (450 g)
2 tbsp (30 mL) olive oil
For sandwiches:
4 slices country bread
2 tbsp (30 mL) Dijon mustard
8 oz (200 g) firm cheese (Marechal, Comté, Gruyère), cut into 4 slices
1 cup (25 g) baby arugula
Pepper, to taste
To make the leek confit, with the rack in middle position preheat the oven to 400F/200C.
In a baking dish, spread the leeks in an even layer and cover with the cream and butter. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and bake for 40 minutes. Uncover and continue baking for about 5 minutes. Set aside.
Meanwhile, to prepare the beef, heat oil in skillet over medium heat. Add meat and brown on both sides until desired doneness. Set aside on a plate and let rest for about 15 minutes. Thinly slice the meat.
To make the sandwiches, move oven rack to the highest position and preheat broiler.
Place bread slices on a baking sheet. Spread with mustard and cover with cheese. Broil for about 5 minutes or until cheese is melted and bread begins to toast. Garnish with sliced beef, leeks, and arugula. Generously season with pepper.
Makes 4 servings.
Cheddar and Broccoli Soup
Broccoli is a hard sell for some kids, but not in this recipe, which includes so many other favourite flavours: cheddar cheese, cream, chicken broth, even ham! The result is a hearty soup that's creamy, salty and smoky, and the embodiment of wintry comfort food. Make a double batch and you'll have enough to warm your soul every day for lunch this week.
1 shallot, finely chopped
1 clove garlic, finely chopped
3 tbsp (40 g) butter
4 thin slices ham, finely chopped
1/4 cup (40 g) unbleached all-purpose flour
1 pinch ground nutmeg
3 1/2 cups (875 mL) chicken broth
1/2 cup (125 mL) 35 per cent heavy cream or 15 per cent cooking cream
1 tsp (5 mL) whole-grain mustard
2 1/2 cups (225 g) grated mild orange cheddar cheese
4 cups (1 L) cooked broccoli florets
In a saucepan over medium heat, soften shallot and garlic in butter. Add ham and cook for 2 minutes. Sprinkle with flour and nutmeg and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly.
Add broth, cream and mustard. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring with a whisk. Simmer gently for about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cheese until it is melted completely. Add broccoli and heat through, without boiling. Lightly season with salt and pepper.
Transfer to serving bowls.
Makes 4 servings.
Warm Caramel and Pecan Pudding Cake
This decadent recipe has its roots in Quebec's pouding chômeur — with a few creative tweaks, of course. I wanted to add another dimension to the traditional caramel, so I threw in pecans to mimic the filling of another classic dessert: pecan pie. The batter, too, got an upgrade thanks to ground almonds, which impart a nutty flavour and wonderful texture. Serve this dessert hot, à la mode, and you won't wish for warmer weather at all.
For the pecan caramel
1 1/2 cups (315 g) sugar
1 cup (250 mL) water, warmed
2 cups (500 mL) 35 per cent heavy cream, warmed
1 1/2 cups (150 g) toasted pecans, chopped
For the batter
1 cup (150 g) unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 cup (65 g) almond flour
1 1/2 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
1/2 cup (115 g) unsalted butter, softened
1/4 cup (55 g) sugar
1 egg
2/3 cup (150 mL) milk
For the pecan caramel, in a saucepan over medium heat, bring sugar and ¼ cup (60 mL) of water to a boil. Cook without stirring until the caramel turns an amber colour. Turn off heat and add remaining water. Gradually add cream — beware of splattering. Add pecans and mix thoroughly. Over medium-high heat, bring mixture to boil, stirring to melt any caramel that has solidified, and pour into 8-cup (2-L) soufflé dish or square pan. Set aside.
For the batter, with the rack in the middle position preheat the oven to 350F/ 180C.
In a medium bowl, combine the flour, almond flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar with electric mixer. Add egg and mix thoroughly. Add dry ingredients alternately with milk. Using an ice cream scoop, form balls of batter and place on the pecan caramel.
Bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the centre of the cake comes out clean. Serve warm or cold.
Makes 8 servings.
Gilhooly said D'Amico had been involved in their community and close to their family. Them grandmother, parents and brother had all been volunteers, too, according to Tennis Canada. It was part of the family legacy, particularly with the Rogers Cup, where they had a combined 84 years of service.
"Anne-Marie was voted volunteer of the year in 2016. They were always smiling, had the biggest heart and always put other people's needs ahead of them own," their press release said.
Tennis Canada and the Rogers Cup are making plans to honour their memory at this summer's event.
For now, to honour their friend, Gilhooly suggested simple gestures, like offering up a seat to someone on the subway or offering a hand to someone carrying bags down the street.
"The best way to honour Anne Marie is to go out and have some additional act of kindness today, because that's exactly what they would have done if they were on the other side of this," Gilhooly said. "I hope their kindness and generosity can live through everyone else."
At a special city council meeting Tuesday, Councillor Cesar Palacio rose to speak about D'Amico, the daughter of constituents Rocco and Carmela, who live in their Davenport ward.
D'Amico was one of three children and a friend of Palacio's daughter.
"When my daughter called me last night to share that particular news, it was so devastating," Palacio said in the council chamber as they offered condolences to the family.
The councillor said they spoke to D'Amico's father, Rocco, on Tuesday morning.
"It was clear that part of their life is gone," Palacio said. "As they noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever in their life."
To share your stories about the individuals impacted by Monday's events, the Star's news desk can be reached at 416-869-4301 or at city@thestar.ca .
Fights at practice between a team's offense and defense are a normal part of any NFL offseason, but this one came just a little bit ahead of schedule.
Today at the Carolina Panthers' mandatory minicamp the offense and defense clashed on more than one occasion and several players had to be separated to prevent a brawl from breaking out.
The events started with a more spirited than usual kind of practice:
This is a great, competitive practice. Hoo yeah. — Jourdan Rodrigue (@JourdanRodrigue) June 14, 2017
Things came to a head when cornerback Captain Munnerlyn got into quarterback Derek Anderson's grill.
Jeremy Igo from Carolina Huddle tells the tale:
Derek Anderson struggled to find an open receiver. . . Typically when this happens, the Carolina Panthers defense will let up and allow the quarterback to make a throw. . . Captain Munnerlyn had different plans. Instead of giving Anderson room to throw, Munnerlyn smothered Anderson giving them no room to move. The play ended with a frustrated Anderson throwing the ball at the feet of Munnerlyn. Words were exchanged, shoves were given by both sides, and arms begin flailing as the two exchanged not-so-pleasantries with one another.
That wasn't the only scuffle at today's practice, either.
At another point later on, linebacker Thomas Davis and quarterback Cam Newton got into a war of words:
Thomas Davis and Cam in an ongoing yelling match. Training camp could be interesting. — Joe Person (@josephperson) June 14, 2017
It seems the tension may have been mostly the result of frustration on the part of the offense.
Accounts of the day's practice show that the defense made several big plays:
Kuechly made an amazing tip on a ball intended for Curtis Samuel. Just enough finger on it to alter the ball. PS. Luke is fast. — Jeremy Igo (@CarolinaHuddle) June 14, 2017
Nice few breakups by Worley, Bradberry and a diving pick from the latter. Then Corn gets some action on the outside and knocks one down. — Jourdan Rodrigue (@JourdanRodrigue) June 14, 2017
James Bradberry with a nice diving interception of Derek Anderson. With one arm in a cast. — Joe Person (@josephperson) June 14, 2017
Carolina's defense is trying to re-establish itself as one of the league's best after a dismal 2016 season. That they're playing this chippy in June could be a sign they're on the right path.
Danny Garcia said on Friday they want to fight Conor McGregor, and that if the two did step in the ring, they would defeat The Notorious in fewer than five rounds.
“He ain't going 10 rounds with me, I'm a seek and destroy type fighter, I'm one of the type of fighters you want to run from when you fight, it ain't going past four,” Garcia said.
“I know I can knock them out. I can knock anyone out I step in the ring with.”
McGregor, of course, made their boxing debut Aug. 26 against Floyd Mayweather Jr. in a 10th-round TKO loss at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas after holding their own through the fight's early stages.
To their credit, Garcia would be an intriguing opponent considering they hold a 33-1 record with 19 wins by knockout.
But with the Philadelphia native fresh off a split-decision loss to Keith Thurman, it's hard to envision McGregor, who has shown a penchant only for the most grandiose showdowns, being interested in a clash with Garcia.
Rather, McGregor appears headed back to the Octagon in some shape or form after they told reporters they would return to UFC following the loss to Mayweather, according to MMA Fighting's Ariel Helwani.
A firm date and opponent remain elusive, but buzz has started to surface regarding a rubber match between McGregor and Nate Diaz after they split their first two meetings at UFC 196 and UFC 202.
However, UFC President Dana White has downplayed those rumors as fans eagerly await Conor's next move.
HIGHLIGHTS Two of four young men slain attended Bellport High School, relatives said
Local resident: ‘This hits home and it's sad'
The South Country school district increased its security presence on Monday, the first day of classes since the bodies of two students were found among those of four young men in a Central Islip park — all believed to be victims of MS-13 gang violence.
The district added two security guards to Bellport High School and two full-time school resource officers from the Suffolk County Police Department, school officials said.
The district also activated a crisis team to help students at the high school, school officials said. Officials said that the district has “increased its security measures.”
The moves come after last week's suspected gang-related killings of four young men whose bodies were found in the park at Clayton Street and Lowell Avenue. Two of those slain — Justin Llivicura, 16, of East Patchogue, and Jorge Tigre, 18, of Bellport — attended Bellport High, according to relatives.
“We are deeply saddened by the news, and our thoughts and prayers go out to the families,” South Country Superintendent Joseph Giani said Friday.
The district has “planned for student and staff support services for Monday and throughout the week,” they said, adding that those services also will be available in schools that the victims' siblings attend. It was unclear which other schools are included.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Counselors, psychologists and social workers are included on the school-based crisis team. Bellport High had an enrollment of about 1,300 students in grades nine through 12 in 2015-16, the most recent state figures available.
“I am both proud and confident that our students, staff and school community will demonstrate compassion and the unconditional support needed as a result of this senseless tragedy,” the superintendent said.
Classes in many of Long Island's 124 systems resumed Monday after public schools were closed last week for spring break.
Several families and residents in Bellport said Friday they were caught off guard by the news that two of the victims had gone to the high school.
The Mann family, who live on South Village Drive, where Tigre lived, said they had a conversation Friday morning with their daughter, Amber, 16, an 11th-grader. They shared lunch period with Tigre.
“It's so sad,” said Debra Mann, 59, the teenager's mother. “I can't believe it's been happening in Brentwood and now it came over here, to our own backyard.”
Amber Mann said the presence of MS-13 gang members seems to have grown since they have been in the high school, and they aren't aware of any gang prevention programs offered there.
Peter Mann, 69, said they have taken precautions to keep their family safe, such as putting an alarm system in their home. They called the location “a quiet block” and said the family hasn't had any issues since they began living there several years ago.
“We keep close tabs on them We trust her,” Peter Mann said of their daughter. “But we've been talking about it since this morning and we'll keep talking to them These gangs used to be far away from us, but now it's just right down the street. This hits home and it's sad.”
Last year, officials in the Brentwood school district adopted security and crisis protocols after four Brentwood High School students were among those killed in slayings that law enforcement officials said were committed by gang members.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
School officials there increased their vigilance for suspicious activity. In addition to using metal detectors for random checks of classes, they approached students who were seen wearing bandannas, especially in colors associated with gangs, or flashing hand signs to identify their affiliation.
Those students were told to change their clothing or correct their behavior or were sent home. Counselors also were brought into the district to help students who may have known the victims.
With Scott Eidler
Vatican City, July 4 - Pope Francis will say a Mass for migrants on Friday July 6, the fifth anniversary of their visit to Lampedusa on July 8, 2013, the Vatican said Wednesday. The Mass will start at 11:00 in St Peter's. Vatican Spokesman Greg Burke said "it will be a moment of prayer for the deceased, for the survivors and for those who assist them. "The presence of around 200 people, including refugees and people taking care of them, is envisaged". Admittance will be by ticket only, but the tickets will be free, Burke said.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:19 Grinch steals gifts, but Arlington officers buy new ones
2:59 Cullen Davis on meeting with John Farr
1:59 Cullen Davis on the murder victims: 'That's ancient history'
2:37 Cullen Davis recalls the mansion murders
New York (ABC Live); Global Food Prices : Global food prices rose slightly in September, as firmer prices of vegetable oils and dairy products offset declining prices for staple cereal grains, the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) said today.
A news release said that the FAO Food Price Index – tracking the monthly change in international market prices for five key commodity groups – averaged 178.4 points for the month of September, up 0.8 per cent from August and marking a 4.3 per cent increase from a year earlier.
Vegetable oil prices increased by 4.6 per cent, driven primarily by palm oil, although values for soy, rapeseed and sunflower oils also rose.
Dairy prices rose by 2.1 per cent from August, driven by butter and cheese prices at a time of supply constraints in Australia, New Zealand and the European Union. Meat prices were broadly unchanged.
Cereal prices declined by 1.0 per cent, as maize and wheat quotations fell in step with strong supply and harvest prospects. FAO expects the current growing season to yield record worldwide cereals output.
Sugar prices was unchanged for the month, but it was about 33 per cent below its year-ago level – a decline due to oversupply in world markets and a slowdown in demand.
Cereal inventories head for a new high
FAO updated its global cereal production forecast for 2017, raised to 2,612 million tonnes, or almost 7 million tonnes above the record set in 2016, according to the Cereal Supply and Demand Brief, also released today.
September's forecasts were raised on account of robust wheat production trends in Europe and Russia and expected maize outputs in China and the United States.
FAO now forecasts 750.1 million tonnes of wheat to be harvested in 2017 and 1,361 million tonnes of coarse grains, as well as 500.7 million tonnes of rice.
To some people, the thought of just walking up Park Street is a daunting one.
But on Saturday a section of it will be part of a makeshift race circuit for hundreds of professional and amateur road cyclists as Bristol gets a taste of the Tour de France.
The increasingly-popular Bristol Grand Prix Cycle Road Race will return to the heart of the city for the third consecutive year and it's set to be the biggest yet, with a record number of riders and spectators expected to turnout.
A 1.3km course will be in place starting next to College Green and taking riders on a figure-of-eight circuit including parts of Denmark Street, Frog Lane and St George's Road, before finishing back at College Green to form a high-octane racetrack with plenty of twists and turns.
Over the course of the day there will be a number of different races including the Masters Race for riders aged 40 and above, the Youth Race, different category races for both men and women, the Sponsor Relay race and the Men's Elite Race, which will see some of the speediest riders from across the UK go head-to-head.
Last year the event attracted 15,000 spectators and with more expected to watch on from the roadside this year, a series of city centre road closures will be in place.
The closures will be in place from 5am on Saturday and will be lifted no later than 23.59pm.
Spectators are strongly encouraged to travel to the event by public transport.
There will be full closure along:
- College Green
- Unity Street
- Park Street – hard closure at junction with Charlotte Street, access for residents between this junction and the B4051
- Deanery Road
- College Street
- Frog Lane
- Frogmore Street
- Denmark Avenue & Denmark Street
- Hobb's Lane
There will be part closure along:
- St George's Road – from Park Street to junction with Deanery Road
- Orchard Street – between Denmark Avenue & Orchard Lane
- St Augustine's Parade (Anchor Road) - In-bound traffic lane closed only from College Green to junction with Denmark Street; in-bound traffic from Anchor Road to use out-bound
- Park Street lane and then rejoin inward bound carriageway after Denmark Street
For more information about the event, click here.
One of the most inspirational and uplifting shows on the county's theatrical calendar returns to Leamington this week.
Warwickshire's Side by Side Theatre for adults with and without learning difficulties presents its 29th annual show, Ready to Go, at the Spa Centre on Tuesday, November 21, and Wednesday, November 22.
The show is an annual extravaganza of dance, music, drama, mime, poetry and comedy, with the emphasis placed on ability over disability. It aims to challenge common misconceptions, with every member of the company given the chance to have their moment on stage.
The show has won many plaudits in the press down the years, being described as “theatre that breaks the rules” and “a wonderful and unforgettable evening”.
Artistic director Andy Bayliss said: In Side by Side there is no one star – everyone in the company is a star, always looking out for each other, caring, wanting to help, succeeding.
“Side by Side is more of a family than a company. It makes a very real difference to people's lives.”
And Andy believes everyone involved benefits from the extensive rehearsals and the shows themselves.
They said: “Throughout the year, Side by Side members gain independence, but they are also interdependent team players working for each and helping each other.
“Side by Side is a theatre group like no other. It is a real honour to work with them. The enthusiasm and sheer joy of being on the stage comes across very strongly to the audience.
“It engages with the audience and really gives everyone a fantastic experience which they will remember forever.”
The show takes to the stage on the Tuesday at 7.30pm and on the Wednesday at 2pm and 7.30pm. Free tea and coffee will be provided at the Wednesday matinee performance.
Tickets cost £9, £9.50 and £7.50, £8 for concessions. Discounts are available for groups.
Visit www.royalspacentreandtownhall.co.uk or call 01926 334418 to book.
See www.sidebysidetheatre.co.uk for more information about the company.
45 years ago today my father went to the racetrack to bet on the ponies while my mother gave birth to their sixth child, little ‘ol me. They came back broke, took one look at me, shrugged their shoulders and said, “stick them in the back of the station wagon so we can get you home to make me supper.” A classier start to life could not be had. For the record, the first and third sentences are the only ones that are actually true, but I wouldn't be surprised if the second one was too.
If you had asked me what 45 would be like when I was 25 I would have spun a yarn about spinning yarn most likely. Old people like to knit, don't they? At 25, 45 is ooooooolllllld, my friends. I would have talked of saggy boobs and early bird dinners and membership to AARP. Watching reruns of Murder, They Wrote and going to bed at 8:30. There will be gray hair and wrinkles and having one's toe right at death's door because 45 is oooooolllllllld.
Truth be told, I was spot on with some of those things, but 45 from the perspective of a 45 year old is a little bit different. So, in case you're unsure of your age, here are a few signs that you are 45.
Your beauty routine has evolved from simple face wash and toner to using every lotion known to man to simultaneously fight crow's feet, acne, and incoming chin whiskers.
There is also an inordinate amount of time spent eradicating neck wrinkles.
Even though the skin you live in is less taut than in your youth you're far more comfortable in it than ever before.
You can't see anymore. Not up close, nor far away. You're blind unless you can find one of the 15 pairs of reading glasses you own that you are currently unable to find anywhere in the house.
They're on your head. The reading glasses you were looking for. On your damn head the whole time.
You're actually kind of pissed to discover that you can't join AARP until you're 50. That free tote bag looks useful.
Children, unless they are yours, are a scourge upon society and need to get the hell off your lawn before you turn the hose on them.
Your children don't know how easy they have it because BACK IN MY DAY…….
That early bird special is looking mighty tempting, but you're not quite there yet because YOU. ARE. STILL. YOUNG.
I guarantee you're funnier now.
Suddenly all the joints on your body sound as if they are made of Rice Krispies.
For absolutely no good goddamn reason, you can't stay asleep for more than an hour and a half at a time.
You have gray eyebrows now. This is your life.
You don't have two fucks to give about anyone's thoughts on your life.
Is it hot in here?
Holy hell, it's cold. Get me a sweater!
You have no idea who all these people at the Grammys are, but hot damn the music they play at the grocery store is taking you down memory lane.
You can now have a 30 minute conversation on the life changing effects of the lumbar support on your car seats.
Joy comes from simple things.
You just gained five pounds thinking about cupcakes.
I know I came in this room for something. What was it again?
You may not watch Murder, They Wrote, but you have seen every episode of Snapped at least 5 times.
Cause you ain't taking no one's shit no more because you are the badass you were always destined to be.
In elastic waist pants. Every pair of pants you own has an elastic waist. It aids in the badassery. I swear.
And since my experience with 45 may be different from your experience with 45, please, please, please feel free to add to or amend this list in the comments section below.
The lone white cross marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532 Anzac Day: How the war memorial movement began
The lone white cross marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532 Anzac Day: How the war memorial movement began
THE wound was the size of a penny, and it was over their heart.
It didn't take long for Ivor Margetts to die in the end. They never saw who killed him. A shell burst, a piece of shrapnel, and their part in the Great War was over.
They called to one of their men, Private George McKenzie, who had been with them since they left Hobart, and through every day of the Gallipoli campaign.
Now, cradling them in their arms on a war-ravaged road in Pozieres, France, on July 23, 1916, Captain Margetts told them that they had "got one at last".
As soon as McKenzie saw the wound, they knew there was no hope.
It didn't take longer than 20 minutes for Capt Margetts to die. The 24-year-old's final words to Pte McKenzie were: "If you get through this stink lad, which I hope to the God above you do, let my people know how I got hit and died thinking of them."
And then they were gone.
Later, Pte McKenzie would write to Captain Margetts' parents back in Launceston of their son's death, which was reprinted in Les Carlyon's book The Great War. They wrote: "There was never a better officer living than Capt Margetts. They were the most popular man in the Batt and they have never done a bad turn to anyone since we left Hobart Shore. It is the worst shock the 12th Batt has had since war started. Any one would of gave their lives for to save their little toe."
The lonely cross on the barren landscape at Pozieres, marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532
It was Pte McKenzie who buried their beloved Captain close to where they were hit. It was they who placed the little white cross which draws our eye in this iconic picture.
Two days later, the Germans blazed through and destroyed the cross. Now no one knows exactly where Ivor Margetts is buried.
AN ORDINARY BLOKE
By all accounts, Margetts was a genuinely nice guy. The kind of bloke you'd want to be mates with. And they were my ancestor - my grandmother's first cousin, making them my first cousin, twice removed. They were a legend in my family. Their friends called them Margo, but in my family, they were always referred to as Captain Ivor.
They were tall - 6ft 3 - tanned and cheerful. They grew up in Launceston, the second of five boys, and when war broke out they were working as a school master at a boys' school in Hobart, keeping the students in line and coaching the sports teams. They were one of the first to join up as war broke out, and the Hutchins school held a party in their honour, the teachers chipping in to present them with a pipe.
"In making the presentation, Mr Bullow spoke of the happy disposition Mr Margetts possessed, and their power of keeping the masters' study in harmony by their ability for turning everything into a joke," a report of the party in the Hutchins school magazine of September 1914 said.
Captain Ivor Margetts was affectionately known as ‘Margo' by their friends and school. Picture: Australian War Memorial/H15808
"Mr Margetts suitably responded, saying that, if their nature was a happy one, they couldn't help it, they had been born like it."
On the weekend, they played Aussie rules. They were as professional as you could be in those days, playing for Lefroy Football Club.
At Gallipoli, they played footy too. One game in particular is described in Les Carlyon's book Gallipoli. "In December they played Australian football against the 10th Battalion. 'Beautiful match. Led at three-quarter time, lost by seven points.'"
ANZAC DAWN
Ivor was a month off their 23rd birthday when they joined up to the First Australian Imperial Force (AIF) in August 1914. Starting as a lieutenant, they endeared themselves to their men, just as they had gained the love of students and fellow teachers at the school where they worked.
A report in the North Western Advocate in September 1916 said fellow Hobartian, W H Facy, received a letter from their younger brother in which they described Margetts.
"A gentleman and a soldier - and I think that covers a great deal. The men simply worshipped him, and what's more they had that knack of knowing how to treat their men. They always got the best out of us without any trouble."
The Lone Pine monument in Gallipoli, Turkey. Picture: Bradley Secker
They left with the 12th Battalion on October 20, 1914, headed for Egypt and then Lemnos, unaware that the same time the following year they would be fighting for daily survival in the horrors that awaited them all in Turkey.
Their battalion was among the first ashore at Gallipoli on April 25, 1915. Margetts would later write an account of that day. They described how the captain gave the order to man the boats; how the first tow headed for the beach under heavy fire; how just as they were getting the second tow ready to go, a man right in front of them was hit in the head and dropped dead.
Survival was a game of chance - standing a metre to the left or right, leaving a minute earlier or later, was often what stood between you and a bullet.
Troops landing at Anzac Cove in WWI. Picture: Australian War Memorial
Ivor's brother, Ralph, was with them in Gallipoli, but stationed on a medical ship in the Dardanelles Strait. In a letter dated May 5, sent to their parents, which was printed in The Mercury in June 1915, Ralph wrote of word they had received about their brother.
"[Ivor] was well but very untidy - said they were fighting like a wild Irishman, with most of their clothes torn off. I have since heard that Ivor was seen on the beach with what few of their men were left.
"You can't imagine how pleased I was to hear about him. It was reported on board that they were the only officer left of their battalion."
They went on: "You should just hear, the naval men who put our men ashore speak of the way our lads charged up those hills! They say it was simply wonderful, and they have made a name for themselves forever."
Despite many close calls, Ivor survived Gallipoli, where so many others didn't. But the end of the campaign wasn't the end of the war for those first Anzacs. France beckoned.
POZIERES
The battle of Pozieres began on July 23, 1916. But for Capt Margetts, it also ended that day.
By the afternoon of July 23, it was reported the northern French village was clear. Ivor went with a small party of men through the village to choose a site for trenches. At around 10pm, a sudden burst of fire from the Germans took them by surprise. A shell burst nearby and a piece of shell hit Ivor in the chest, over their heart. They had survived the whole Gallipoli campaign, to be killed on the first day at Pozieres.
Pte McKenzie told the Red Cross: "The men loved him. I cried like a kid when I found they were dead … I think they went because they were too good for the beastliness of war."
Ivor Margetts was remembered at the Last Post Ceremony on July 23, 2016 celebrating the centenary of the campaign at the Australian War Memorial, Canberra. Picture: Australian War Memorial/Andrew Taylor/Ref: AWM2016.8.110.1
OUR STORIES
My nana was a cheeky, red-haired 13-year-old when cousin Ivor went to war. We had a picture of them on the bookshelf in our home growing up - a young, smiling man with a pipe in their mouth, the pipe their beloved students had given him, with the hope they would come back to them.
Ivor Margetts' name on the Roll of Honour, Canberra.
The picture that stood in our home of ‘Captain Ivor'.
And as Ivor was dying on that road in Pozieres, another young British private with a Royal Army Medical Corps pin on their cap was nearby, working as a stretcher bearer among the mud and devastation, bringing the wounded off the battlefield. Their name was John Langford and they were my grandfather. They survived. If they hadn't, I wouldn't be here today - or my brothers and sisters, nephews and nieces.
And each Anzac Day, there are countless households around the country also remembering their family members who fought in conflicts across the years.
Time goes on, and the distance to these first Anzac stories becomes greater, but that doesn't mean they're forgotten. Stories are passed on and heroes become legends. The passage of time makes them stronger. And in a world of conflict and fighting and fear, we remember those who came before. Lest we forget.
The Superintendent's Office of the Massachusetts State Police said two sobriety checkpoints have been scheduled for the coming weekend.
Col. Kerry A. Gilpin said a checkpoint will be established somewhere in Hampden County on Friday night into Saturday morning. The exact time and location of the checkpoint is kept confidential to maximize its effectiveness in removing impaired drivers from the state's roadways, state police said.
A second sobriety checkpoint will be set up Saturday night into Sunday morning in Essex County.
Gilpin said the purpose of the roadblocks is to find people driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol and remove them from the state's roadways and to reinforce the need to fight impaired driving.
MONCTON, N.B.—Every day at airports across Atlantic Canada, five government aircraft have begun to take to the sky, hunting for endangered North American right whales in a huge swath of ocean. Spotters are covering an area of 460,000 square kilometres, and Jean-Francois Gosselin, a biologist with the Fisheries Department, said they have to be efficient.
The federal government is conducting aerial surveys off Canada's East Coast to search for and protect North Atlantic right whales. The measures follow the deaths of 18 of the whales in Canadian and U.S. waters last year. (The Canadian Press)
So far this year they have spotted 27 right whales, with the goal of keeping them alive. “The survey has been designed to look where we most expect to see those right whales. This is based on previous sightings of right whales from previous years,” they said Wednesday as officials from Fisheries and Transport Canada met reporters to discuss measures to help detect and protect the whales. The increased measures follow the deaths of 18 North Atlantic right whales in Canadian and U.S. waters last year, mainly due to collisions with ships or entanglements in fishing gear. There are believed to be fewer than 450 of the whales remaining and, of those, there are only about 100 breeding females.
Article Continued Below
The aircraft are, as weather permits, making daily flights over the Bay of Fundy, the Scotian Shelf, the Gulf of St. Lawrence and the southern coast of Newfoundland. Gosselin said they are using high resolution cameras but are mainly relying on the skill of trained observers who will spend hours each day, staring down at the water. “The planes are flying between 800 feet and 1,500 feet off the water and the observers are just looking out the windows and visually detecting whales,” they said. Bubble-shaped windows allow observers to look down at the water. Read more:
The aircraft are, as weather permits, making daily flights over the Bay of Fundy, the Scotian Shelf, the Gulf of St. Lawrence and the southern coast of Newfoundland. ( Kevin Bissett / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Article Continued Below
Several Atlantic fisheries closed due to presence of two right whales Hydrophones are also being used in key locations to detect the sound of the whales under the water. Aside from the five observation aircraft, officers on fisheries patrol flights will also report whale sightings, and a plane from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will be looking to identify whales later this summer. Gosselin said they hope to improve management methods for this year and coming years. “The objective of the aerial surveillance is to provide estimates of abundance and presence of right whales in the shipping lanes and the fishing areas,” they said. “Also there's a science objective to have a more global understanding of the occurrence, distribution and abundance of right whales through the season on the east coast of Canada.” Six fishing areas in the Gulf of St. Lawrence were closed to several fisheries as of May 22, including snow crab, rock crab and lobster. The department is enforcing a static closure zone in the Gulf of St. Lawrence along New Brunswick's northern coast until June 30. DFO is also enforcing dynamic management closures, which will shut down fishing activities for a minimum of 15 days when there is the confirmed presence of North Atlantic right whales. Fishermen have expressed concerns over the financial impact of the closures. However, DFO said despite the ongoing fishery closures, the current value of the snow crab fishery this year is higher than it was at the same point in 2016. The department said landings — or catches of snow crab — are valued at approximately $148 million so far for 2018, compared with $112 million for the same point in 2016. The average price for snow crab in 2016 was $8.19/kg, whereas so far this year the price is estimated at $11.02/kg. DFO said about 61 per cent of the total allowable catch for 2018 has now been landed, as compared with 68 per cent for the same point in 2016. The department added that the 2017 snow crab season was an exceptional year during which the total allowable catch hit the historic high of about 40,000 tonnes. It's been reduced to roughly 22,000 tonnes this year, similar to 2016. Gosselin said observers on the planes know the impact of their reports and how important it is to be accurate. “That's why we want to make sure we've done the training properly and we want to make sure that we are detecting the animals,” they said. “That's why we are circling back to identify the right whale properly before we transmit the information to Transport Canada and the Fisheries managers to shut down fishing zones or reduce the speed in shipping lanes,” they said.
Read more about:
Armagh Observatory reports that July 2017 was rather wetter and sunnier than average, but slightly cooler. It was the wettest July at Armagh for five years, and the sunniest for four years.
Total precipitation was 82.75 mm (approximately 3.3 inches) including 5 trace values, that is, 82.5 mm if trace values are ignored.
This was approximately 12% more than the long-term (1838–2010) average July rainfall at Armagh and nearly a third more than the most recent (1981–2010) 30-year July average.
The wettest day was the 3rd, with 15.4 mm (approximately 0.6 inches) of rainfall.
July 2017 recorded a total of 153 hours of strong sunshine.
This is slightly more than the long-term (1881–2010) average number of hours of strong July sunshine at Armagh, and nearly 12% more than the most recent (1981–2010) 30-year July average.
This was the sunniest July at Armagh for four years, that is, since the much sunnier July 2013.
The sunniest day was the 8th, with 15.3 hours of strong sunshine, followed by the 17th with 15.2 hours.
These were the sunniest days at Armagh since the nearly equally sunny 14th and 15th July 2006 (both with 15.2 hours of strong sunshine).
The mean temperature was 15.5 degrees Celsius (59.9 F), approximately 0.7 C warmer than the long-term (1796–2010) average July temperature at Armagh and 0.2 C cooler than the most recent (1981–2010) 30-year average July temperature at Armagh.
The warmest day (the highest maximum air temperature) was 25.8 C, which occurred on the 8th.
The coolest day (the lowest maximum air temperature) was 16.9 C on the 9th, and the coolest night (the lowest minimum air temperature) was 6.3 C on the 1st.
The warmest night (the highest minimum air temperature) was 14.9 C, which occurred on both the 19th.
Buzzards were noted on the afternoon of the 27th, and buzzards and a kestrel were seen sparring on the 28th.
These data refer to observations at Armagh Observatory, which has been recording the weather at Armagh since 1795.
Baby found in home with fatal overdose victim
MYRTLE BEACH, SC (WOLO) – Police in Myrtle Beach say a baby was found in a home where two adults overdosed.
Christopher Griffin was charged with neglect after investigators say they and a woman overdosed on hero.
Police say Griffin responded to the anti-overdose drug narcan.
According to an incident report the woman who has yet to be identified died at the scene.
Police say an eight-month-old baby was taken by EMT from the house and placed in DSS care.
Police are searching for several people involved in an assault Friday night in northwest Rochester.
So far officers have arrested Emanuel Alfred, 24, of Rochester, in connection to the crime.
Police say a 23-year-old man was at a party with friends Friday around 10:30 p.m. on the 4900 block of 19th Avenue Northwest in Rochester.
The man says after gambling they got into a verbal argument where they insisted they should be paid. Officers said soon after that the victim was punched and kicked by several people and then robbed of several hundred dollars.
Capt. John Sherwin said one of the men involved in the robbery was carrying a semi-automatic rifle.
About 12:30 p.m. Saturday, police arrested Alfred in connection to the assault at Kascade Place Apartments in northwest Rochester. According to court documents, Alfred has a violent criminal history, including a conviction for an attempt to commit 2nd Degree Murder in 2010.
Alfred appeared Monday morning in Olmsted County District Court and was charged with making terroristic threats, robbery, and assault from Friday's dispute.
Publisher Profile / University of Arizona Press
Facts
Mission: The University of Arizona Press is the premier publisher of academic, regional, and literary works in the state of Arizona. We disseminate ideas and knowledge of lasting value that enrich understanding, inspire curiosity, and enlighten readers. We advance the University of Arizona's mission by connecting scholarship and creative expression to readers worldwide.
Reviews
Nobody Rich or Famous: A Family Memoir by Richard Shelton
Anadarko: A Kiowa Country Mystery by Tom Holm
The Darling by Lorraine M. López
Sinking Suspicions by Sara Sue Hoklotubbe
Object and Apparition: Envisioning the Christian Divine in the Colonial Andes by Maya Stanfield-Mazzi
Red-Inked Retablos by Rigoberto González
Walking the Clouds: An Anthology of Indigenous Science Fiction by Grace L. Dillon
Calexico: True Lives of the Borderlands by Peter Laufer
Each and Them by Valerie Martinez
The Peruvian Notebooks by Braulio Munoz
From the Other Side of Night/Del otro lado de la noche: New and Selected Poems by Francisco X. Alarcn
Learning to Glow: A Nuclear Reader Edited by John Bradley
Thunderweavers/ Tejedoras de rayos (Camino Del Sol) by Juan Felipe Herrera
Wandering Time: The Western Notebooks by Luis Alberto Urrea
The Nearsighted Naturalist by Ann Haymond Zwinger
Awards
Anadarko: A Kiowa Country Mystery by Tom Holm. 2015 Finalist for Historical
The Darling by Lorraine M. López. 2015 Finalist for Literary
Sinking Suspicions by Sara Sue Hoklotubbe. 2014 Finalist for Mystery
Arizona: A History, Revised Edition by Thomas E. Sheridan. 2012 Finalist for Regional
Sovereign Erotics: A Collection of Two-Spirit Literature by Qwo-Li Driskill, Daniel Heath Justice, Deborah Miranda, and Lisa Tatonetti. 2011 Finalist for Anthologies
The Other Latin@: Writing Against a Singular Identity by Blas Falconer and Lorraine M. Lopez. 2011 HONORABLE Mention for Anthologies
The American Cafe by Sara Sue Hoklotubbe. 2011 Finalist for Mystery
From This Wicked Patch of Dust by Sergio Troncoso. 2011 HONORABLE Mention for Multicultural
Camino del Sol: Fifteen Years of Latina and Latino Writing by Rigoberto Gonzlez. 2010 Finalist for Anthologies
Innocent Until Interrogated by Gary L. Stuart. 2010 Finalist for True Crime
Fire and Ink: An Anthology of Social Action Writing by Frances Payne Adler, Debra Busman, Diana Garca. 2009 SILVER Winner for Anthologies
The Women's Warrior Society by Lois Beardslee. 2008 BRONZE Winner for Multicultural
If I Die in Juarez by Stella Pope Duarte. 2008 GOLD Winner for Multicultural
The Oldest We've Ever Been: Seven True Stories of Midlife Transitions Edited by Maud Lavin. 2008 Finalist for Anthologies
The Buried Sea: New and Selected Poems by Rane Arroyo. 2008 Finalist for Poetry
How It Is: The Native American Philosophy of V.F. Cordova Edited by Kathleen Dean Moore. 2007 Finalist for Philosophy
Crossing the Yard: Thirty Years as a Prison Volunteer by Richard Shelton. 2007 Finalist for Autobiography & Memoir
The Secret Powers of Naming by Sara Littlecrow-Russell. 2006 Finalist for Poetry
Brides and Sinners in El Chuco by Christine Granados. 2006 HONORABLE Mention for Short Stories
The Desert Remembers My Name: On Family and Writing by Kathleen Alcala. 2007 BRONZE Winner for Essays
Foreword Mentions
5 Indie Mysteries to Keep You Guessing
A Grand Tour of Great Universities: Ten First-Round Literary Draft Picks
Press Releases
News & Events
Key links: Books, Authors, Contact
DIVIDE: The Great Koala National Park debate is set to be elevated onto the political platform of next year's State Election.
DIVIDE: The Great Koala National Park debate is set to be elevated onto the political platform of next year's State Election. Daily Telegraph
In response to criticisms from Green MP Dawn Walker over the NSW Government's position on the Great Koala National Park on the Mid North Coast this week, Member for Oxley Melinda Pavey has penned an opinion piece on the proposal.
Managing Koala Country:
The NSW Greens and the National Parks Association are lobbying our shire councils and campaigning in the media for more land tenure change - saying it's the answer for koalas and employment.
But, let's consider the reality.
State Member for Oxley Melinda Pavey. Contributed
Fact one: There are now 2.4 million hectares in the conservation estate in our region - land which has been set aside specifically as habitat for our fauna and flora.
Fact two: the timber industry has access to just 400,000 hectares of State Forest in northern coastal NSW, and only 1-2 per cent of this is used in any one year - and, large areas of koala habitat are kept in corridors throughout these forests. NSW laws require pre-harvest checks for koalas and timber harvesting is diverted away from where they are present.
Fact three: recent field survey work by NSW Government agencies has found there is actually a high koala occupancy in the forest estate. The harvested areas of forest regenerate, and through professional, scientific management, will continue to provide timber - and habitat - into the future.
Fact four: there are 27 timber mills between the Hunter and Tweed Rivers, directly employing more than 750 people producing an array of essential timber products - from pallets and mining props, to beautiful, highly-valued exterior and interior timbers for flooring, cabinetry, decking and furnishings. And, I note, Councillor Jenvey was not aware of these numbers at the Nambucca Shire Council discussion on the Koala Park idea last Thursday.
So, how is yet more parkland going to help koalas and employment?
Many people on-the-ground know that the National Park Estate has not been the cure-all for koalas, and that the threats to our koala population are from urbanisation, wild dogs, disease, eucalypt-decline and wild fire.
Koalas need good, managed habitat, not more tenure and lines on maps.
And, while eco-tourism is offered as the alternative to the 750 jobs of hardworking people and their families, the industry too doesn't really rely on lines on maps. There is no reason why we can't have both employment and eco-tourism under our current tenure arrangements. We don't need to change a thing.
Just endlessly declaring new National Parks does not automatically deliver good conservation outcomes. Our coastal hardwood forests deserve more than being unmanaged museum-like exhibits on one side of a line ... and multi-use, sustainable timber producing eco-systems on the other.
Rather, I think we need to prove that the conservation estate is being actively managed, and is actually making a positive and lasting contribution to biodiversity - before we even think about giving it more land to try to manage. We really should be asking the question: are our National Parks actually meeting KPIs the community expects?
We must never forget the crafty Bob Carr claimed to 'save the forests'; but all they really did was change the tenure of State Forests to National Parks.
I really do think it's time for a factual, science-based discussion about forestry, our forest estate and koalas - one that truly balances and delivers environmental, social and economic values, not just more land tenure changes, regulations and quixotic politics - which has the core but covert goal of ending our forestry sector.
I believe the entire community shares the desire to help our koala population - we just need to understand the realistic way to achieve it.
The eclipse of the indigenous people by the English and French settlers by the time of Confederation has left present day Canada floundering with its identity — and even affects us on the world stage. Canada's attempt to be a leader on the world stage as a champion of human rights is often ridiculed by its enigmatic treatment of its indigenous population.
In the short run, ignoring this history may make it easier for Canadians to have pride in being Canadian. But, in the long run, ignoring this history rather than facing it head on, has costs. It weighs heavily on the Canadian psyche.
For many Canadians, ignorance is bliss — it has been easier on the conscience to just ignore this unpleasant chapter in Canadian history and pretend the displacement, oppression and trauma of indigenous people never happened.
Canadians are also generally aware that indigenous people were mistreated over time. Their lands and culture were stripped away through questionable means leaving generations traumatized.
Canadian indigenous people have been described as “ghosts of history,” spectres lingering in the background, haunting our legacy. This refers to the fact indigenous people have been ignored to a great extent in Canadian history, yet Canadians are fully aware that indigenous people were here long before the arrival of the Europeans.
Indigenous people taught the rest how to exist on this land we call Canada. Indigenous participation in the fur trade enabled the establishment of the first major economic activity in this country.
History also shows us how important indigenous people were to the founding of Canada. John Ralston Saul argues that Canadian identity extends beyond the French and English and actually rests on a triangular foundation that includes Canada's indigenous peoples. Early exploration and settlement by the French, followed by the English, would not have been possible without the assistance of indigenous people and whole indigenous nations.
In 2014, a United Nations report showed that, of the bottom 100 communities in Canada on the Community Well-being Index, 96 were indigenous communities. In 2015, the Conference Board of Canada ranked 117 health regions in Canada and found that indigenous communities were at the bottom, mostly affected by social problems affecting health. That's the effect of systematically undervaluing a whole group of people. That's trauma in real life.
Not only trauma, but solutions and new-found pride in the Canadian identity may be found in looking honestly and responding appropriately to the lessons of history.
The social problems facing many indigenous people today because of intergenerational trauma are large, but the fact the indigenous population is the youngest demographic group in Canada offers opportunity to support change in a large generation of young people that could cascade forward into the generations to come. If we ignore the problems, the trauma will continue to grow exponentially. If we address the problems, the healing will grow exponentially.
So what are the solutions?
Many solutions come under the reconsideration of treaties. Rather than keep our treaties hidden under a cloak of shame, we should acknowledge and celebrate their existence with pride by focusing and emphasizing their original intent — that of an agreement between peoples about the peaceful sharing of lands in exchange for security: security from hunger, security from disease, security from obsolescence.
Recognizing the value of indigenous people, inherent in the recognition of the intent of treaties as agreements between two peoples will reduce the societal push for assimilation. If you value someone, you don't see a need to assimilate that person. Indigenous people have always resisted being absorbed into the larger society through forced assimilation. Chief Sitting Bull once famously said, “If the Great Spirit had desired me to be a white man, They would have made me so in the first place.”
Indigenous people should not be written off derisively as a stone-age people without the wheel. In fact, Canada is criss-crossed by many rivers and lakes that were in summer traversed by light, efficient birch bark canoes by indigenous people and by voyageurs after the arrival of Europeans. In winter, snowshoes and toboggans were the only modes of transport over the deep snow that blanketed our lands for a good part of the year. The wheel was useless during this period of history.
Valuing indigenous people also means that we are compelled to help them.
Only a handful of reserves, the lucky few adjacent to mainstream markets, have reached standards that are equivalent to the rest of Canadian society. Canada needs to pay attention to the Shamattawas and Attawapiskats of this country that are plagued by suicides, drugs and alcohol, amongst other issues. Forced relocation is not an option; however, valuing people by enabling them to relocate if they want to, with government assistance, should be available.
Economic corridors linking these isolated communities to the nearest regional centre need to be negotiated — because jobs are lifelines to human purpose. Any new resource development in the area must include some ownership by the communities. Most importantly, treaty rights need to be portable and no longer used to restrict and confine indigenous people within the boundaries of their designated reserves.
These are only starting points. But indigenous people need to be recognized in history as a people who at one time had independence, territory, communities, governance, trade, culture, traditions and spirituality.
Rather than focusing on the shameful outcomes, recognizing and acting upon the original intentions of treaties will go a long way toward restoring pride, respect and dignity to indigenous peoples. It will coincidentally address Canadians' divided conscience over the pride they can realistically hold in their identity as Canadians. These approaches would also help indigenous peoples assume their rightful place as one of the three valuable pillars in Canada's triangular foundation.
Together we can bring indigenous people out of the shadows and they will cease to be “ghosts of history.” Indigenous people can assume their rightful place as valued citizens of Canada.
MONTREAL—A Montreal-area police officer is among more than 60 people arrested in a wide-ranging crackdown on the Hells Angels and their associates for alleged drug-related activities.
Provincial police say they've dismantled three narcotics sales networks from the leadership right down to the distributors.
They estimate the networks had made $10 million over eight months trafficking cocaine and synthetic drugs.
Read more:
Parole conditions loosened for Hells Angel Walter Stadnick
BETHLEHEM, Pa. — Caleb Bennett scored 23 points and grabbed five rebounds and Lehigh edged Boston University 80-75 on Saturday.
Bennett was 8 of 13 from the field including three from distance and hit all four of their free throws for the Mountain Hawks (10-13, 5-7 Patriot). Kahron Ross added 17 points, six rebounds and three assists and Pat Andree chipped in 10 points.
Bennett sank a pair of 3-pointers as part of a 20-6 surge midway through the first half that gave the Mountain Hawks a 32-22 lead with five minutes to go and they were up 40-31 at halftime.
The Terriers (12-11, 8-4) fought back in the second half to take a 75-72 advantage with just under two minutes to play. Bennett and Ross replied with back-to-back jumpers for a 76-75 Lehigh lead with 1:04 left and Boston failed to score the rest of the way.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Presley Hudson scored 28 points and No. 11 seed Central Michigan stunned No. 3 Ohio State 95-78 on Monday night to earn the school's first ever trip to the Sweet 16.
Cassie Breen threw the ball high in the air as the clock wound down and the joyous Central Michigan players jumped, screamed and hugged as they celebrated the biggest win in school history.
The Chippewas had won their first tournament game ever in Saturday's first-round upset of No. 6 Louisiana State. With the upset of Ohio State, they advance to face No. 2 Oregon in Spokane, Washington, on Saturday.
Central Michigan (30-4) out-rebounded and out-hustled Ohio State, played taut defence, hit a season-high 14 3-pointers and kept the Buckeyes at bay late in the game.
The Chippewas got plenty of help in the upset from the unusually error-prone Buckeyes, who got behind in the first half and then were run over by momentum and couldn't climb back in. Central Michigan led by as much as 23 points in the second half as Ohio State struggled to put together a run that would shift the tide.
All-American guard Kelsey Mitchell led Ohio State (28-7) with 28 points but hit just 11 of their 29 shots from the floor. Mitchell ended their storied career as the second-leading scorer in NCAA history, but it was wasted as the Buckeyes were denied their third straight trip to the Sweet 16. Mitchell passed Jackie Stiles and finished with 3,402 points.
Breen had 22 points, and Tinara Moore added 20 points and 10 rebounds in Central Michigan's balanced attack.
Ohio State seniors Mitchell, Stephanie Mavunga, Linnae Harper and Asia Doss will move on, leaving coach Kevin McGuff with a rebuilding job. The players talked about making the most of their last NCAA run together, but they were run over by the Mid-American Conference champions on Monday.
Mavunga had 16 points and 15 rebounds, and Harper added 14 points.
Mitchell finished their career with a 3-pointer in an NCAA record 92 straight games.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alexis Sanchez has been named in Manchester United's Champions League squad.
The Chilean is eligible for the competition after only playing the Europa League for Arsenal this season.
They take Henrikh Mkhitaryan's place in the European squad list for the remainder of the campaign, reports the Manchester Evening News.
Axel Tuanzebe has been retained by United despite leaving on loan to join Aston Villa last week. Tuanzebe made just three appearances this season, including a cameo in the final group stage fixture against CSKA Moscow.
Demetri Mitchell has also stayed on the list even though they headed on loan to Hearts in the January transfer window.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REUTERS)
Mitchell, 21, failed to make the bench for the first-team in the first half of the season, having made their debut against Crystal Palace in United's final Premier League fixture of last term.
United have omitted James Wilson from their squad list after they moved to Sheffield United on loan until the end of the campaign. Wilson, 22, was a surprising inclusion in the initial squad list in September, having not played for the first-team since their League Cup fourth round defeat to Middlesbrough in October 2015.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Wilson received the number 29 shirt earlier this term but did not make a single matchday squad and was a regular in the Under-23s.
United have kept Zlatan Ibrahimovic in their 29-man list, despite the possibility of them moving to the LA Galaxy ahead of the start of the MLS season next month.
Jose Mourinho's side travel to Sevilla for their round-of-16 Champions League first leg on February 21.
Full United Champions League squad
Goalkeepers: David de Gea, Sergio Romero, Joel Pereira*, Kieran O'Hara*
Defenders: Victor Lindelof, Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo, Chris Smalling, Daley Blind, Luke Shaw, Antonio Valencia, Matteo Darmian, Axel Tuanzebe*,
Midfielders: Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard, Michael Carrick, Ashley Young, Ander Herrera, Marouane Fellaini, Nemanja Matic, Demetri Mitchell*, Scott McTominay*
Forwards: Alexis Sanchez, Romelu Lukaku, Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford*
*B list
Police are investigating after an Ohio man was sexually assaulted and robbed after meeting a man they encountered online.
The 18-year-old, from Xenia, Ohio, traveled to Pontiac on Sunday to meet a man for a date they set up on an online dating site, according to the Oakland County Sheriff's Office.
The meeting place was an abandoned home on the 400 block of Irwin Avenue.
After the victim walked into the abandoned home they were confronted by the suspect who was armed with a handgun, the sheriff's office said.
The suspect proceeded to sexually assault the victim and steal their purse, the sheriff's office said. The suspect then fled the scene through the backyard.
The victim's purse was located a short distance from the house.
The victim was transported to St. Joseph's Hospital for medical treatment. They were later transported for a forensic examination.
Police are looking for a male in their mid-20s, about 6'1” with a thin build. They were last seen wearing a dark coat, jeans and a winter hat.
Crime Stoppers is offering up to $1,000 for information leading to an arrest in the case.
If you have any information on this incident you are asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-SPEAK UP.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Observer Report
Jeddah
The Secretary General of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation, Dr. Yousef bin Ahmed Al-Othaimeen, received in their office on Sunday, 18 March 2018, Mr. Fawzi Kabbarah, the Ambassador of the Republic of Lebanon to Riyadh, who presented their credentials as Permanent Representative of the Republic of Lebanon to the General Secretariat of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation.
During the meeting, the Secretary General praised the important role played by the Lebanese Republic in supporting solidarity among Islamic countries and developing the Islamic Joint Action. In addition, the recent developments of the situation in the region have also been reviewed. The Secretary General affirmed the Organization's continued support for security, stability and development in Lebanon. For their part, Ambassador Kabbarah stressed the importance of preserving the unity of the Islamic world and their keenness to support the work of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation in serving the Islamic Ummah.
THEY'RE the trio of grim videos which show Florida school shooting suspect Nicolas Cruz plotting to become the next mass school killer and make a world to sit up and take notice.
Prosecutors have released the chilling mobile phone videos in which the 19-year-old outlines their intentions of the blood they are about to spill, detailing their plot to kill at least 20 people and saying, "You're all going to die … can't wait."
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on Cruz's mobile phone after the February 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others when Cruz, armed with an AR-15 style assault rifle, allegedly stormed the school, evading police for about an hour after the shooting stopped.
Their mobile phone was taken from them when they were arrested.
In the first video, the teenager wears a baseball cap, and introduces himself.
"My name is Nik and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018," they calmly announce.
Then laughs.
They go on to say that they want to "kill at least 20 people with an AR-15" and specifies the high school in Parkland.
"You're all going to die," they say, and makes the sound of gunshots.
'THE DAY OF MY MASSACRE SHALL BEGIN'
The videos are undated, but on one they say: "Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin."
They also say: "When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am," and then laughs. "You're all going to die. … Can't wait."
In another video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics.
"Here's the plan. I'm going to take Uber in the afternoon before 2.40pm," they say.
"I'll go onto the school campus, walk up the stairs, load my bags, and get my AR and start shooting people at the main courtyard and people will die."
School surveillance video has since shown that was almost exactly what happened - except that the suspect arrived at the school at 2.19pm on Valentine's Day.
In the third video, with their camera apparently pointed at the footpath, they talk about their loneliness, anger and hatred.
'I HATE EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING'
"I live a lonely life. I live in seclusion and solitude," Cruz says.
"I hate everyone and everything.
"With the power of my AR you will all know who I am.
The plot is outlined in detail on the videos, with Nikolas Cruz saying they would ‘get my AR and start shooting people at the main courtyard and people will die'. Picture: Broward County State Attorney's Office via AP
"I had enough of being told what to do and when to do.
"I had enough of being told that I'm an idiot and a dumbass. You're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs."
They end that clip with a reference to a former girlfriend, proclaiming their love for them
"My love for you, Angie, will never go away," they said. "I hope to see you in the afterlife."
The former Marjory Stoneman Douglas school student is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack. Their lawyers have repeatedly said they would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole, but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty.
The Broward State Attorney's Office released the videos because under Florida law, with few exceptions, evidence becomes public record when it is turned over to the defendant's lawyers as part of the pre-trial discovery process.
The teen's lawyers have said they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and "further hurt and inflame the victims' families and the community".
"This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is," Broward County public defender Howard Finkelstein, whose office is representing Nikolas Cruz, said in a statement.
The suspect spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer to Stoneman Douglas. They attended the school for several months before being kicked out. Their late mother also called 911 on them almost 20 times over the years.
Activision Blizzard is ready to deliver on Overwatch League hype Mike Sepso on easing tensions between publishers and players, and the firm's long-term plans for esports
Matthew Handrahan Editor-in-Chief Friday 6th October 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Activision Blizzard
The esports market continues to grow, but as time passes it's clear that we are at the very start of the road to a stable and sustainable environment for business.
Riot Games has been criticised on several occasions for overlooking the commercial needs of League of Legends teams - first in the US and, more recently, in Europe - even as it continues to make huge amounts of revenue from the game they help to promote.
Available prize money escalates every single year, but the huge gulf between the pool for Dota 2's The International and every other game speaks to a lack of balance, and too great a reliance on the public's money.
Since the very beginning, Activision Blizzard's Overwatch League has been pitched as the antidote for many of the esports' lingering maladies: a structure that prioritises the financial security of players; local teams with no threat of relegation, with a view to building fan-bases that will endure; and funding and prizes provided by Activision Blizzard and the impressive list of investors signed up to take the first franchises.
"[Tension between players and publishers] has really been the history of esports. I think the future is a lot more collaboration, and an open channel"
Mike Sepso is leading the charge into esports for Activision Blizzard, and when we met them at the Gamelab conference this year, they suggested that the tension that occasionally surfaces between teams and the companies that own the games is a teething problem - an aspect of esports' present that will soon be part of its past.
"One of the things that's always been interesting to me about the esports space is that esports stars really are huge gaming influencers now," they said. "One of the reasons publishers started to take notice is because the top players in independent esports leagues were becoming really big voices through social media. They were directing a lot of consumer choice.
"That's where, inherently, there can always be some tension, because top stars want certain things to happen in the games that maybe the studios... and publishers aren't excited about. Although I think that's really been the history of esports. I think the future is a lot more collaboration, and an open channel."
This "formalisation process" is still in its early stages, and the evidence is everywhere you look; from player behaviour, to financial problems, to the fundamental structure of major competitions - even for games as large and lucrative as League of Legends and Dota 2. It is all changing, all the time, as the video game companies with the biggest stakes realise that they're no longer in the games business it all.
"It's not just that the way you make money is different; everything about it is different"
"The other aspect of it, [for] the big publishers at least - who I work for - have become very, very good at making incredible game franchises. The core business is still high risk, high reward, and that's a whole different business to the sports media business. It's not just that the way you make money is different; everything about it is different."
Despite being a sports media business, however, the formalisation of esports will take place on a shorter timeline relative to football, baseball, and the great majority of traditional sports - most of which edged towards commercial and competitive stability over a period of decades. One expects that companies like Activision Blizzard - which has stated an ambition for NFL-scale revenue - and Riot Games will not be prepared to wait for quite so long. This is the investment period for esports, but it can't last forever.
However, when asked, Sepso wouldn't be drawn on when Activision Blizzard expects to make a profit on the Overwatch League. It will be, they said, "a significant value contributor over time, and not just for its marketing capability."
Exactly where that revenue will come from is an important question, one that Sepso explored in their talk at Gamelab. Indeed, sports and esports may be more similar commercially than in any other aspect; the key revenue streams are likely to be almost identical, Sepso said, such as ticket sales for live events, sponsorships, and advertising on live broadcasts.
The main difference may be the role of television. The English Premier League makes billions from selling TV rights - as does the NFL, the NBA, and so on - but Sepso seemed convinced that this practice is already in decline as new forms of online media grow in popularity and reach.
"The whole sports world... is trying to figure out the transition from television [as a source of revenue]," they said. "It's a challenge and an opportunity, because we don't have to build [esports] on that old model and go through that transition. We can skip ahead, and almost out of necessity that was how esports was developed, because you couldn't broadcast a three-day, 12-hour tournament on ESPN.
"This is not just a major change for Activision Blizzard and how it has handled esports for a long time. It's a major change for the whole industry"
"It's a generational wave that's happening. For the first time, just over a year ago, ESPN actually lost subscribers; that's never happened before. The Yankees, my hometown baseball team, are significantly below last year on ticket sales. Things are happening to traditional sports that nobody expected, and quicker than anybody in that business expected."
While traditional sports manage decline and move towards a new model, esports can start virtually from scratch with a new way of thinking and a young, enthusiastic audience. Indeed, Sepso highlighted the in-built "distribution opportunity" the 430 million people that play Activision Blizzard's games each month present. Even if a significant proportion of those people aren't playing anything supported by esports activity, Sepso can reach those that do by simply inserting an "over-the-top" video-stream into directly into the game.
Just how much of this ambition will be fulfilled remains to be seen. What is clear is that Overwatch League is Activision Blizzard's most confident step on the path that it hopes will end in billions of dollars of annual revenue, and Sepso highlighted that not every game will be backed by so much effort and so many resources. Five years ago, they said, esports organisations would have just "started running lots of Overwatch tournaments," and that way of thinking was evident in the frustration that many teams felt at the months of silence between the League's announcement and Activision Blizzard eventually showing its hand - for more on that period of unrest, you can read Eurogamer's report.
Now, though, the Overwatch League is no longer an enigma; all that's left is for Activision Blizzard to start delivering on the hype.
"There was a conscious decision to really take our time and create the perfect Overwatch league, because we're looking decades into the future - we're not necessarily looking at how to kill it this year," Sepso said.
"This is not just a major change for Activision Blizzard and how it has handled esports for a long time. It's a major change for the whole industry."
“She's truly an outlier,” said Le Bihan, Canada's high-performance director for both bobsled and skeleton. “You can't pencil in or create a pathway that will equal another Kaillie Humphries.
The consensus comes back the same every time — don't even bother trying.
Chris Le Bihan and the rest of Canada's bobsled staff have discussed how the program might go about developing more athletes like Kaillie Humphries.
“There are some unique people in this world, and she's definitely one.”
The two-time defending Olympic gold medallist in women's bobsled, Humphries will be looking to top the podium for a third consecutive games later this month in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The 32-year-old has piloted their sled to 48 career World Cup medals, including three victories and two second-place finishes this season to claim a fourth overall title.
“She's a fierce competitor,” added Le Bihan. “It's the dedication, it's the relentless pursuit, it's the perfectionism of the equipment, of the set up, of everything. I've never seen them say, ‘OK, this is good enough.'
“She pushes and pushes and pushes, and continues to push, which is why she's as good as they are.”
Humphries and brakeman Heather Moyse won Canada's first-ever Olympic gold in women's bobsled at the Vancouver Games in 2010 before the pair repeated four years later in Sochi, Russia.
The seemingly insatiable thirst for success that drives Humphries, who has also grabbed five career medals at the world championships, comes from a fear of complacency that's coupled with knowing the competition is always right at their heels.
“It's so easy to fall back on what's comfortable,” said the Calgary native. “It takes new skills to be able to maintain. Consistency is very hard in every aspect of life — to know exactly why you've done something and be able to repeat it at the highest level and be the best in the world all the time. It takes a toll.
“Not only sacrifice and dedication, but you have to be willing to push boundaries to do things that were once very successful (and) be able to take that and maybe throw it all away or take a step back to go forward again.”
Moyse retired after the 2014 season — the Summerside, P.E.I., product is making a comeback, but will likely push for one of Canada's other two women's sleds in Pyeongchang — meaning that Humphries had to find a new brakeman leading into the 2018 Games.
They have split time with Melissa Lotholz and former hurdler Phylicia George this season, with the latter looking like the best bet to be paired with Humphries in South Korea when the women's bobsled competition begins Feb. 20.
“Success is defending the Olympic gold for a third time,” said Humphries, the world champion in 2012 and 2013. “The goal is to walk away victorious.”
Le Bihan, who won bronze in four-man in Vancouver eight years ago, said their ability to block out the noise and deliver in big moments has been the most impressive aspect of their career to date.
“Winning an Olympic gold medal is not an easy task,” they said. “If it was, then everyone would be doing it, and to stay on top like that for so long is an amazing feat.
“These types of high-performance athletes don't come around all the time. We're very lucky to have Kaillie as Canadian, and pursuing this as hard as she's pursuing it.”
Fifth at a World Cup event in Pyeongchang with Lotholz last March, Humphries is also looking beyond these Olympics. They expect to continue racing until at least Beijing 2022, and could be convinced to stick around even longer if Calgary hosts the games in 2026.
“I've got a lot more to give,” said Humphries. “I'm not ready to be done. I don't think by any means I've reached the top.
“What I want to achieve out of sport internally as well as the type of legacy I want to leave is forever changing.”
Part of that change is their desire to see the creation of a women's four-man event to go along with the two-man. Humphries made history during the 2014-15 season when they became the first female to pilot a four-man sled at both a World Cup and the world championships on the men's side.
But they said a number of obstacles remain, including a shallow talent pool and the overall will of the bobsled community.
“I'm doing everything I can to make it happen,” said Humphries. “Ideally I would love to see it in 2022. That's a lofty goal. I'm very aware it's going to take more than just me.”
Adding women's four-man would also likely prolong their career.
“Competing in four-man would keep me going to 2026 if Calgary gets (the games),” they said. “That's very realistic.”
For now, they will have to settle on going for their Olympic three-peat.
“My goals are lofty and they are big,” said Humphries. “I have to continuously look forward and try and make a target for myself to achieve.”
Explore life, death and family history in Scranton Reads' latest book selection and a month of accompanying events.
The organization selected Marilynne Robinson's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel “Gilead” for this year's community reading initiative and will kick off its activities with a First Friday gathering on Oct. 6 from 6 to 8 p.m. at Albright Memorial Library, Scranton. Guests can pick up free copies of the novel, enjoy light refreshments and hear readings from “Gilead” and local historical letters, which ties into the book's setup as a series of messages from a dying pastor to their 7-year-old son. Local letters include one from John J. Albright in which they discussed donating money for the library that now bears their name.
“I'm always happy about the kickoff because it's kind of the big to-do and everybody gets the book, and (you can) see the excitement,” said Elizabeth Davis, Scranton Reads chairperson.
A joint venture between Scranton Public Library and the city started in 2002, Scranton Reads annually selects a book it encourages the community to read and plans book discussions and other events around the story.
“You really learn something about someone else when you share that common experience,” Davis said. “It's just really great to see how people interpret things.”
Set in Gilead, Iowa, this year's book follows a father passing on “everything he'd ever want to tell their son,” they explained.
“It's very relatable,” Davis said. “Everyone kind of has these experiences that they can recall with fond memories, like, ‘Oh, I want to make sure I tell them about this.'”
Book discussions run over the next few weeks at several Lackawanna County Library System branches, Marywood University and St. Luke's Episcopal Church in Scranton. Several activities draw on the book's life and death focus, including “Exit Strategies: End of Life Care in the United States,” a presentation by U of S alumnus Dr. Christopher A. Jones, now with the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine, at U of S, and “Good Life, Good Death from Gilead to Today” at Marywood.
Other events focus on family history, such as beginners' genealogy workshops and Family Documents Scan Day, both at Lackawanna County Children's Library in Scranton. People can bring family photos and letters — up to 10 per person — for Scranton Reads to scan. Owners will receive the digital files on a flash drive, but Scranton Reads also will share the scans on the public PA Photos and Documents website.
Davis said events encompass “tons of different things.”
“(We're) kind of going at it all in different directions, which is really great,” they said.
Contact the writer: cwest@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5107; @cheaneywest on Twitter
Scranton Reads events
First Friday Kickoff
When: Friday, Oct. 6, 6 to 8 p.m.
Where: Albright Memorial Library, 500 Vine St., Scranton
Details: Hear readings of historical letters from local groups plus selections from this year's book, “Gilead.” Free copies of the book and light refreshments will be available.
Genealogy workshops
When: Saturday, Oct. 7, 10 a.m. to noon, and Wednesday, Oct. 18, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
Where: Computer Learning Lab, Lackawanna County Children's Library, 520 Vine St., Scranton
Details: Reference librarians and Lackawanna Historical Society representatives lead a beginners' workshop on local resources to use when researching your family tree. Call 570-348-3000, ext. 3038, to register.
Exit Strategies: End of Life Care in the United States
When: Sunday, Oct. 15, 1:30 to 2:30 p.m.
Where: Pearn Auditorium (Room 208), Brennan Hall, University of Scranton
Details: University of Scranton alumnus Dr. Christopher A. Jones of the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine discusses medical and practical end-of-life issues.
Good Life, Good Death
from Gilead To Today
When: Monday, Oct. 16, 8 to 9:30 p.m.
Where: Rooms 331/337, third floor, Learning Commons, Marywood University, Scranton
Details: Discussion explores issues of what it means to have a “good life” and “good death” and what readers can learn from the book.
Marilynne Robinson's
American Vision:
A Lecture and Discussion
with Joseph Kraus, Ph.D.
When: Wednesday, Oct. 18, 12:15 p.m.
Where: Room 201, Hawk Lecture Hall, Business Building, Penn State Worthington Scranton, 120 Ridge View Road, Dunmore
Details: Joseph Kraus, University of Scranton professor of English, discusses traditions drawn upon in “Gilead.”
War on the Home Front
When: Friday, Oct. 20, 5 p.m.
Where: Grand Army of the Republic Civil War Museum and Library, 340 N. Washington Ave., Scranton
Details: Learn about the home front during the Civil War and then explore the museum.
Family Stories —
Their Value and Persistence
in Our Lives Today
When: Wednesday, Oct. 25, 6:30 to 8 p.m.
Where: Rooms 331/337, third floor, Learning Commons, Marywood University, Scranton
Details: Discuss the value of family stories, who dominates them and why they stick around.
Family Documents Scan Day
When: Saturday, Oct. 28, 1 to 4 p.m.
Where: Computer Learning Lab, Lackawanna County Children's Library, 520 Vine St., Scranton
Details: Have your family photos and letters scanned and then receive a flash drive containing the digital files. Copies will be shared on the PA Photos and Documents website. Limit 10 items per person. Call 570-348-3000, ext. 3038, to RSVP.
Grown-up Spelling Bee
When: Thursday, Nov. 2, 7 p.m.
Where: The Bog, 341 Adams Ave., Scranton
Details: Test your knowledge for a prize. Watch for free or participate for $3. Advance registration not required. Ages 21 and up only.
Book discussions
Abington Community Library, 1200 W. Grove St., Clarks Summit: Monday, Oct. 23, 6 p.m.; call 570-587-3440 to register.
Albright Memorial Library, 500 Vine St., Scranton: Mondays, Oct. 9, 16 and 23, 6 p.m.; call 570-348-3000, ext. 3050, to register.
Carbondale Public Library, 5 North Main St.: Thursday, Oct. 26, 1 p.m.; call 570-282-4281 to register.
Dalton Community Library, 113 E. Main St.: Thursday, Oct. 28, 10:30 a.m.; call 570-563-2014 to register.
Marywood University, Learning Commons, 2300 Adams Ave., Scranton: Wednesday, Oct. 18, 6:30 p.m.; call 570-961-4707 to register.
Nancy Kay Holmes Branch Library, 1032 Green Ridge St., Scranton: Tuesday, Oct. 10, 10 a.m.; call 570-207-0764 to register.
North Pocono Public Library, 1315 Church St., Moscow: Monday, Oct. 16, 10 a.m., and Thursday, Oct. 19, 6 p.m.; call 570-842-4700 to register.
St. Luke's Episcopal Church, 232 Wyoming Ave., Scranton: Sunday, Oct. 8, 11:15 a.m.; call 570-342-7654 to register.
Taylor Public Library, 710 S. Main St.: Thursday, Oct. 5, 6:30 p.m.; call 570-562-1234 to register.
Valley Community Library, 739 River St., Peckville: Wednesday, Oct. 25, and Thursday, Oct. 26, 6:30 p.m.; call 570-489-1765 to register.
All events are free unless otherwise noted. Visit scrantonreads.org for more information.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets the crowd during the 71st Independence Day celebrations at the Red Fort in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: Improving access to irrigation, connecting farmers to markets and protecting them against weather risks through insurance are among the major thrust areas of the government, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in their Independence Day speech on Tuesday.
Despite adverse weather, farmers produced a record quantity of food grain and pulses (in 2016-17), the Prime Minister said, adding that the government encouraged them by procuring a record 1.6 million tonnes of pulses (at support prices). “In India procurement of pulses was not traditional (policy) and what we did was historic,” Modi said.
On the revamped crop insurance scheme, Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY), which was launched in 2016, Modi said that over 10 million new farmers have enrolled under the scheme. “Three years ago, 3.25 crore farmers had crop insurance and now 5.75 crore farmers are covered,” Modi said.
Also Read: Independence Day speech 2017: Narendra Modi invokes ‘new India' by 2022
Promising that their government will strive to irrigate India's rain-dependent crop lands, the Prime Minister said that over the past year, 21 pending irrigation projects have been completed under the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayi Yojana (PMKSY). “We will complete all 99 large irrigation projects by 2019,” Modi said.
Modi added that their government will strive to connect farmers to the market through an efficient supply chain, investments in infrastructure and food processing, and by encouraging foreign direct investment (FDI) in agriculture. Every year lakhs and crores worth of farm produce is wasted in India and the government has introduced a new scheme, Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sampada Yojana, to address this, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister's Independence Day speech comes in the backdrop of massive protests by farmers across India, demanding remunerative crop prices and loan waivers. A record crop in 2016-17, coupled with the cash crunch following the government's demonetisation drive announced in November last year, led to a crash in prices of pulses, oilseeds and perishables.
Over half of India's workforce is engaged in agriculture where production and price risks are frequent.
Africa's largest business incubator, The Tony Elumelu Foundation (TEF), is now accepting applications from African entrepreneurs, with business ideas that can transform Africa.
The application portal is open and accepting submissions until Midnight WAT on March 1, 2017. To apply, complete the online application at:
Successful applicants will join the third cycle of the TEF Entrepreneurship Programme, TEF's 10-year, $100 million commitment to train, mentor and fund 10,000 African entrepreneurs in every African country. Since inception in 2015, the Programme has assisted nearly 2,000 entrepreneurs and created hundreds of jobs across the continent.
The Programme provides critical tools for entrepreneurial success, including:
• Training: 12 weeks of intensive training on setting-up and managing businesses
• Mentoring: A mentor will guide successful applicants in creating a robust business plan
• Seed Capital: $5,000 in non-returnable seed capital and access to a $5,000 convertible loan
TEF Founder, serial entrepreneur and philanthropist Tony O. Elumelu, CON said:
“Our Programme is a deliberate effort to institutionalise luck and provide the essentials for business growth to Africa's next generation of business leaders. It is a demonstration of my faith in this generation's ability to transform the African narrative, from the single story of disease and poverty, to one of enterprise and opportunity. Spread the word; we need Africa's best and brightest entrepreneurs. Their ideas will transform Africa.”
1,000 entrepreneurs will be selected based on the viability of their idea, including: market opportunity; financial understanding; scalability; and leadership and entrepreneurial skills demonstrated in the application.
To be eligible:
1. Business must be based in Africa
2. Business must be for profit
3. Business must be 0-3 years' old
4. Applicants must be at least 18 and a legal resident or citizen of an African country
CEO of the Foundation, Parminder Vir OBE said:
South Africans should know “in a couple of months” whether the troubled T20 Global League (T20GL) has a future‚ Cricket South Africa (CSA) said on Saturday.
CSA said in a release that their members' forum had “appointed a task team‚ consisting of CSA acting chief executive Thabang Moroe‚ chief financial officer Naasei Appiah‚ three member presidents and three member (chief executives) to interrogate the concept”.
They would report back at a workshop that would involve “all member presidents‚ all member (chief executives) and all members of the board of CSA”.
The inclusion of Moroe‚ who is also CSA's vice-president‚ in the task team‚ is notable considering they were part of a subcommittee formed to oversee the original attempt to float the T20GL.
That structure would seem to have failed in its task‚ which might lead some to wonder how Moroe can be part of the solution when they would appear to be aligned to the problem.
The release quoted CSA president Chris Nenzani as saying‚ “The final decision will rest with the members forum to endorse the outcome of the workshop.
“I envisage that the whole process will be completed in a couple of months as there is an obvious urgency to get the matter completed.”
The inaugural edition of the T20GL‚ which was based on money-spinning T20 competitions in other countries and had been scheduled to be played in November and December‚ was cancelled when — CSA say — they discovered the tournament would lose US$25 million in its first year.
Key aspects of the problem were that‚ mere weeks before the first ball was to be bowled‚ neither a main sponsor nor a broadcaster had been secured.
There was‚ then‚ no money to spin. The saga cost Haroon Lorgat their job as CSA's chief executive.
TORONTO — When orchestral percussionist Kristofer Maddigan began their years-long journey composing the soundtrack for a video game their friends were creating, they mostly kept the passion project to himself.
As a genre, video game music doesn't get a lot of respect.
"I work with a lot of people who aren't gamers and I think if you're not in that world a lot of people think it's kind of a silly pastime," says the 38-year-old Regina native, who is now based in Toronto as the principal percussionist with the National Ballet of Canada Orchestra.
"Not every game is a work of art, but especially now with the indie game revolution, there are a lot of really interesting games being made and a lot of really incredible music being made for those games.
"But I didn't really talk about it a lot because there's a lot of people who maybe don't understand the world so much and think it's maybe kinda goofy."
But their work on the indie game "Cuphead" — which was named one of the top titles of 2017 by the likes of Entertainment Weekly and game website Polygon — won over the Juno Award judging committee who chose the contenders for this year's best instrumental album prize.
The game's backing music, which was also released as an almost three-hour-long album, features a mix of jazz, Big Band and ragtime tunes recorded by live musicians, including a 13-piece Big Band and a 10-piece ragtime ensemble.
While many video games use looping bits of music to play endlessly in the background, Maddigan and "Cuphead" creators Chad and Jared Moldenhauer decided they wanted fully formed songs for the soundtrack that were true to the sound of the 1930s. The game's visual look is also inspired by cartoons and animation of that era.
"I'd never written any Big Band music before, I'd done very little composition period (but) I've always loved jazz and liked music from that era," Maddigan says.
They hope the Juno recognition will convince others that there's much more to video game music than the low-fi "Super Mario Bros." melodies so many gamers think of first when it comes to soundtracks. They also hope some "Cuphead" gamers end up wanting to explore jazz and Big Band music.
“Qatar will sign a deal to buy up to 36 F-15 jets from the U.S. even as a political crisis in the Gulf leaves the Middle East nation isolated by its neighbors and criticized by President Trump for supporting terrorism,” Bloomberg reports.
“Qatar's defense minister will meet with Pentagon chief Jim Mattis on Wednesday to seal the agreement.”
Gregory Mannarino
for those of you who do not know who I am or what I do, my name is Gregory Mannarino. I am an active/full time trader of the capital markets.
I started my financial career working for the securities and trading arm of the now defunct Bear Stearns before the
dot-com bubble.
I have published several books pertaining to finance, global economics, and equity trading.
I have a 100% FREE 197 page eBook publication titled: “Ultimate Guide To Money And The Markets” available to anyone for download.
I even published a book on casino blackjack strategies a long time ago.
I hold a medical degree.
I served in the United States Naval Reserve Medical Service Corps. Having attained the rank of Lieutenant.
I have been (and continue to be) interviewed by some of the best in the business (Zero Hedge) (Greg Hunter USAWatchdog) (Alex Jones INFOWARS) (The Pete Santilli Show) (FutureMoney Trends) (Caravan To Midnight With John B Wells) (SGT Report) and many others.
I have been published on virtually every financial site on the web., and I am very proud to say that I have many thousands of loyal followers worldwide.
My newest project is called TRADEGAME, a FREE video series on how to trade options-click HERE.
Trend Micro this morning released a report about the exposed cyberassets in the top U.S. cities and most critical industry segments -- and in many cases, it was the smaller municipalities that had the largest number of problems.
"Larger cities had fewer systems being exposed," said Ed Cabrera, chief cybersecurity officer at Trend Micro.
Houston, for example, had 3,900,208 exposed devices, compared with 1,031,325 in New York City, even though New York has nearly four times as many people.
But many of the cities with the highest numbers of exposed devices were even smaller. Sometimes, much, much smaller.
The industry where this was most apparent was the utilities sector. There, the top cities for the number of exposed cyberassets were all on the smaller side -- Clarksville, Tenn., Hopkinsville, Ky., Braintree, Mass., Ocala, Fla., Bismarck, N.D., Muscatine, Iowa, Tahlequah, Okla., Shrewsbury, Mass., Fairfield, Conn., and Granby, Mass. None of these are major population centers. In fact, Granby had a population of just 6,420 in the 2010 census.
Cabrera suggested that the reason could be that the smaller cities lack the budgets or resources to secure their infrastructure as much as they should.
Take, for example, the government sector.
Trend Micro researchers used the Shodan search engine to hunt for vulnerable devices, and found that Lafayette, Ind., and Saint Paul, Minn., had more exposed cyber assets than Washington D.C.
When it comes to the emergency services sector, Houston and Lafayette led the rankings.
Cambridge was the city with the most exposed assets in the health care sector.
Local municipal governments aren't always to blame here, Cabrera said.
"A lot of the infrastructure that you see that are attributed to a city are not all city-owned," they said.
The devices that were most frequently exposed, according to the report, were firewalls, wireless access points, printers, and webcams.
Firewalls accounted for 77 percent of exposed devices in the financial sector, 69 percent in the health care sector, 56 percent in the emergency services sector, 49 percent in the government sector, and 37 percent in the utilities sector.
Wireless access points made up the largest part of exposed devices in the utilities sector, at 40 percent.
The most common problems were in SonicWall firewall http configuration, which account for 85 percent of firewall vulnerabilities.
The problem is that misconfigured firewalls can be identified from the outside as being firewalls.
Cabrera said that the Shodan search engine has some good capabilities for finding vulnerable devices, and that this power could be used by companies to help defend themselves.
"If you were doing penetration testing, proactively protecting your infrastructure, it gives you the opportunity to see if your infrastructure is out there," they said.
They said that security teams are constantly struggling to identify all the infrastructure that they have.
"And if you can't see it, you can't protect it," they said. "Asset management and vulnerability management is critical to any mature cybersecurity program."
This story, "Report: some small cities have surprisingly high number of exposed devices" was originally published by CSO.
An 80-year-old man was hit on the head with an axe by their granddaughter before they were fatally stabbed in the neck and chest, a jury has been told.
Prosecutors said Rachael Flemington, 28, killed James Fish - known as Eddie - at their bungalow in Waltham, north-east Lincolnshire.
-> 'I love my mummy' - Final words of 10-year-old girl as Yorkshire hospital missed chances to save them
Richard Woolfall, prosecuting, told Sheffield Crown Court that Flemington bought an axe on Amazon and also acquired a number of knives before they went to their grandfather's house on the morning of January 29.
Mr Woolfall said: "It appears they hit them on the top of their head with the axe. It looked like with part of the axe head but not the blade.
"She then went on to use an eight-inch carving knife that they had purchased a few days before."
They said Flemington had walked from their mother's house to their grandparents' bungalow, a short distance away, and found Mr Fish alone, apparently opening a parcel that had been delivered that morning.
-> Warning over Yorkshire water usage as rain-free heatwave sees surge in demand
Mr Woolfall said the defendant had been living in Scarborough but had moved back to their mother's home in Waltham a few days before the attack. The axe had been delivered to their Scarborough flat.
The prosecutor said they stabbed their grandfather three times, with one blow severing the jugular vein in their neck and another going through their lung and aorta.
The jury of six men and six women was told that Flemington, of Manor Drive, Waltham, is charged with murder but has been declared unfit to be tried.
They were told by the Recorder of Sheffield, Judge Jeremy Richardson QC, that this was not a normal murder trial which determined guilt or innocence, but a "trial of facts" in which their task was to determine only whether they "did or did not commit the acts charged against her".
Judge Richardson said: "In this case the defendant is under a disability. That is a decision that I have to make. I have already made that decision.  They are unfit to be tried.
"There is no meaningful way in which they can participate in this case.  They are in hospital.  They are being treated."
-> Leeds house burglars went on spending spree with stolen cards
The Headland Hotel has promoted general manager, Darryl Reburn, to the board of directors.
Reburn will take on the role of MD from owner John Armstrong, who will become chairperson while wife Carolyn Reburn remains a director.
Recently identified as one of the south west's fastest-growing companies, with a turnover last year of £8.4 million and pre-tax profit of £1.33 million, The Headland employs 190 staff year round.
The AA four-silver star hotel, perched on the cliffs above Fistral Beach, has 96 bedrooms, 39 luxury 5 star self-catering cottages plus an award-winning spa. Work has recently commenced on a state-of-the-art outdoor aquatic centre with five pools due to be completed at the end of 2018. With bookings at a record level, this Christmas and New Year are expected to beat all previous records.
The Armstrongs bought The Headland nearly 39 years ago and have been actively involved in its evolution from a run-down building with a leaking roof to multi-award-winning icon ever since.
John Armstrong said: “We're the sole shareholders but we've got an exceptional team who take on the day-to-day responsibility of running the hotel – led by Darryl Reburn who has proved themselves to be outstanding.
“We're delighted that he's now an official member of our board and have no doubt that, with them at the helm, the business will continue to go from strength to strength.”
Reburn joined as deputy general manager in May 2011 and became general manager less than a year later.
They said: “I feel very honoured to have been offered the MD position and am very excited with all the developments taking place which will make The Headland an even more attractive destination all year round.”
BOSTON a Marcus Smart said Tuesday evening they plan to play in Game 5 against the Milwaukee Bucks, returning to the Celtics lineup for the first time in six weeks after tearing the ulnar collateral ligament in their right thumb.
Smart was cleared to return to action Monday and both teammates (namely Terry Rozier) and coaches assumed the guard would play. But Smart had to clear one more hurdle a going through 2-on-2 and 1-on-1 contact sessions with coaches, then emerging pain-free.
Smart did, emerging confident they could play with little restriction.
"No. Never. Not at all," Smart said when asked if they were nervous about the thumb holding up.
They also said it's pain free, even after going through contact drills.
"And that's a good sign," they added.
Smart will wear a splint on the thumb. They said he's confident they can't do further damage to the thumb, especially considering the added protection, and said both they and their doctors were pleased with their recovery time of six weeks.
Celtics coach Brad Stevens said he's unsure how Smart's minutes will shake out, but said the guard won't play starter minutes.
"I don't know if they have a minutes restriction," Stevens said. "But they won't play 35 minutes tonight, regardless, because they haven't played in six weeks."
Marcus Smart says they fought through screens with and without the ball in shoot around to test their hand. Says they expect the Bucks to test what they can do with it. a Tom Westerholm (@Tom_NBA) April 24, 2018
Boston's roster has quite a different look now compared to a season ago. But Smart is one of the few holdovers, and Stevens noted pregame they have little concern about how Smart will react returning to game action.
"Marcus is the only guy I can say this about, he's been here for four years," Stevens said. "So I think I know him. I think we'll ride with what he's always done for us. Without question, they haven't played in six weeks. There will be some rusty moments. But that's alright. It's part of it."
Smart said they expect the Bucks to test them early. The Celtics sure could use Smart's defense, especially against Khris Middleton, who is averaging north of 25 points per game while shooting 62.5 percent on 3-pointers.
Asked about Smart at Celtics morning shootaround, Rozier let out a wry smile, then said they expect their back court running-mate to play a adding "you didn't hear it from me."
"I love when we play," Rozier said. "He brings that toughness, they bring that edge, they have everybody on the same level wanting to play just how they play, so that's always helpful, and I'm excited if he's playing tonight."
The Bucks, of course, aren't blindsided by the news.
Asked about Smart's "likely" return pregame, coach Joe Prunty quipped "then we'll likely be ready for them to play," earning a couple chuckles from those in the room, before going into an answer.
"When you talk about tendencies, a lot of times you talk about the offensive tendencies of a player," Prunty said.
"Same thing with a guy like Marcus Smart or any player on defense. A lot of guys have tendencies ... sometimes it's philosophical on what teams do. For us, our guys have seen them or played against him. That won't adjust or change. But we have to anticipate the things they will do, in terms of gambling in a passing lane or how he'll read a situation. Being strong with the ball.
Smart faced the Bucks three times in the regular season, averaging 9.3 points per game on 29 percent shooting.
A scene from “Guardian: The Lonely and Great God” (tvN)
A scene from “The Legend of the Blue Sea” (SBS)
Following the joint Korea-US decision to deploy THAAD battery in Korea last July, a de facto hallyu ban has been in place in China. Following is the first article in a three-part series that examines the impact of the unofficial hallyu ban on the Korean entertainment industry. --Ed.While Beijing has reportedly been banning Korean content within China since last August, the unstoppable flow of the Korean Wave, or Hallyu, seems to be seeping into the country through online channels.On a greater scale, drama production companies and Korean celebrities have incurred considerable losses due to China's restrictions. Approval to air the much-anticipated TV series “Saimdang, Memoir of Colors” in China is still pending, while the series has already begun airing in Korea. Actor Song Joong-ki's voice was removed from a TV advertisement in China, while actor Yoo In-na left the cast of Chinese drama series “Love Through a Millennium 2.”But it seems the unofficial circulation of content has proven less easy to control.Though unable to air on Chinese television, pirated files of the hit series “Guardian: The Lonely and Great God,” which aired only on Korean television from Dec. 2, 2016 to Jan. 21, complete with Chinese subtitles, are circulating the internet, according to reports.Clips of “The Legend of the Blue Sea,” another popular TV drama that aired only in Korea after the reported ban, are also being shared, while illegal streaming sites bearing the shows have popped up.No numbers are available on the views or downloads via these underground channels, but other visible figures attest to the unrelenting spread of Korean content.Gong Yoo, who starred in “Guardian,” became the most searched personality on Chinese social media network Weibo on Jan. 22 and 23. The series also ranked among the most searched terms on Chinese search engine Baidu.Over 420 million posts bearing the hashtag for Gong Yoo have been uploaded on Weibo, while songs from the series' original soundtrack have reached over 8.8 million downloads on China's largest music platform QQ Music.Taiwan's United Daily News reported last Wednesday that “Guardian” had been the most watched drama series during the Chinese New Year holidays.“There's a need to probe various channels, and not simply rely on the existing mainstream channels,” said Kim Hyun-kyung, head of the China Contents Lab. Kim also pointed out that regulation of content -- both local and foreign -- is nothing new in China.Though the stars are not able to monetize their success in China while the ban is still in place, their popularity has led to a surge in tourism of areas featured in the hit drama series.Chinese tourists have been flooding to Duksung Women's University and to Incheon's Jumunjin Beach, where “Guardian” was filmed, reports say.Korean celebrities' continued popularity also showed through in “Power Star,” a list ranking the popularity of foreign celebrities within China. In January's list, Sehun and Baekhyun of EXO and actors Kim Soo-hyun, Lee Jong-suk and Song Joong-ki ranked as the top five most popular male stars.As for female celebrities, f(x)'s Krystal, Girls' Generation's Yoona, solo singer IU and actores Song Hye-kyo and Song Ji-hyo took the top spots.The reported ban additionally seems to be loosening on films coproduced by Korean and Chinese companies. “Beautiful Accident,” jointly produced by Chinese Studio Huayi Brothers and South Korean company Showbox, has been confirmed to open in Chinese theaters on March 17. Though Korean actors are not included among the cast, which features Chinese stars Chen Kun and Wang Jingchun and Taiwanese actor Gwei Lun-mei, Korean boy band EXO performs the theme song.By Rumy Doo (doo@heraldcorp.com)
Palmer Trinity School (PTS) recently conducted its signature annual International Festival. Now in its 18th year, the event celebrated South Florida's multicultural community with games, vendors, creative art activities, live music, dance performances, and more than 30 unique food booths.
Almost 2,000 people attended this year's PTS International Festival. The fundraising event helped raise more than $25,000 in support of Palmer Trinity School's global sustainability and environmental initiatives.
For more information about Palmer Trinity School, visit www.palmertrinity.org.
In what may be seen as a departure from the norm, the National Transport and Safety Authority NTSA during its operation to crack down on road safety offenders in Malindi, surprised many by not charging them, but instead schooling them on road safety.
The Authority recorded massive cases of negligence by both drivers and passengers.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL #1, HOST:
The new film "The Founder" tells the story of Ray Kroc, played by Michael Keaton. Kroc was a hard-luck salesperson when they saw a hamburger stand in California and eventually pitched Dick and Mac McDonald on letting them franchise it. They tell them at one point that their golden arches can become as common as crosses on church steeples in every town in America.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "THE FOUNDER")
MICHAEL KEATON: (As Ray Kroc) It could be said that that beautiful building flanked by those arches signifies more or less the same thing. It doesn't just say, delicious hamburgers inside. They signify family. It signifies community. It's a place where Americans come together to break bread. I am telling you, McDonald's can be the new American church, feeding bodies and feeding souls. And it ain't just open on Sundays, boys. It's open seven days a week.
SIEGEL #1: And we all know the rest. Here to talk about the film is the screenwriter who wrote "The Founder" and with the interesting name of Robert Siegel. Robert Siegel, welcome to the program once again.
ROBERT SIEGEL #2: Hello, Robert Siegel.
SIEGEL #1: Now, Ray Kroc sees how the McDonald Brothers figured out the idea of a very small menu, very fast service, no plates, no flatware to wash. They take those ideas big-time. How do you see him? Somebody who stole a good idea or somebody whose business sense was a form of creativity in itself?
SIEGEL #2: What's the saying about mediocre artists borrow and great artists steal? Do you know that phrase? You could look at them as a thief. But you could also look at them as a visionary of sorts. Not a creative visionary, but certainly saw something in this company that the company itself didn't see, which was just to go absolutely enormous with it. The brothers thought big, but they thought huge.
SIEGEL #1: That speech that we heard a bit of, is that attributable to Ray Kroc or did you write that?
SIEGEL #2: It's actually attributable to my wife, Jen Cohn.
SIEGEL #1: This was just at home? Or was they actually working on the movie with you?
SIEGEL #2: Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. We - I'd just show their pages and I'd talk it through. And they kind of had this idea for this crosses-arches-courthouse thing. You know, I'm writing a movie about a guy who steals someone else's idea and takes credit for it. And every time that clip is aired I'm enormously tempted to do the same. But that would be rather ironic and extremely hypocritical if I didn't give them credit.
SIEGEL #1: A problem that you face in writing about a guy trying to take this business idea and vying with the two guys who originated the first example of it is that we know how it's going to end. When it's McDonald's, we understand that there are going to be a zillion McDonald's all over the world and Ray Kroc is going to become fabulously rich as a result of it. How do you deal with that problem and trying to invest this with some suspense?
SIEGEL #2: Well, it's like "Titanic," right? You knew eventually there was going to be an iceberg. It is a challenge. Rather than focus on plot, you just kind of pay attention more to character. If you make sure your character is interesting and engages the audience all the way through then, you know, even if you know kind of where it's going you're invested and you're interested in the movie, hopefully.
SIEGEL #1: Your previous films - this is, I should say, Robert Siegel's second career after editing The Onion for a long time - you wrote "The Wrestler" and "Big Fan," both sports movies.
SIEGEL #2: Yes.
SIEGEL #1: Sports, hamburgers - a very different subject for you to look at.
SIEGEL #2: Well, they're all - I mean, it's all pop culture. They're all character - they're all depressing character studies, guys on the outside looking in to some aspect of American pop culture, sports and hamburgers. I don't think it's that different. They're all about America and winning and losing and fame and capitalism and...
SIEGEL #1: And men.
SIEGEL #2: Yeah. Yeah. I write about men.
SIEGEL #1: Guys.
SIEGEL #2: Yeah.
SIEGEL #1: How would you describe the research you put into your study of Ray Kroc and McDonald's?
SIEGEL #2: I was handed a giant stack of transcripts and archival material, and then I just kind of didn't look at it. You can get really lost in research. It's a great way to procrastinate. In this case I just read - I read Ray Kroc's autobiography. And then there was an unauthorized autobiography.
SIEGEL #1: I think you mean biography.
SIEGEL #2: Unauthorized - did I say unauthorized autobiography?
SIEGEL #1: Yeah.
SIEGEL #2: That would be weird.
SIEGEL #1: Yeah.
SIEGEL #2: No, an unauthorized biography of him. So it's kind of the, you know, warts and all behind-the-scenes thing.
SIEGEL #1: Did you come away from researching Ray Kroc and then writing the screenplay liking the man?
SIEGEL #2: I still don't know. I've seen the movie seven times now, probably, in different stages, and I still don't really know how I feel about him. Sometimes I watch it and all the way through I kind of strangely admire them and I find myself frustrated with the brothers. And then there are times when I watch it and I just think he's a complete bastard. So I think the truth is probably both.
SIEGEL #1: Well, Robert Siegel - Robert D. Siegel. I'm sorry about that.
SIEGEL #2: Yeah. It's sad when I Google myself and all that comes up is you.
SIEGEL #1: (Laughter).
SIEGEL #2: Damn it.
SIEGEL #1: Robert Siegel, screenwriter, writer of "The Founder," the story of Ray Kroc. Thanks for talking with us.
SIEGEL #2: Thank you, pleasure.
SIEGEL #1: And one note - in their will, Ray Kroc's widow, philanthropist Joan Kroc, left over $200 million to NPR.
(SOUNDBITE OF CLAP YOUR HANDS SAY YEAH'S "BLUE TURNING GRAY") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Chris Kelly
Nobody likes an absentee landlord. You know the type — expects the rent paid on time but uses distance to deflect complaints from angry tenants.
A dozen or so Americans turned out Tuesday at U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey's Scranton office on Spruce Street, part of a statewide grass-roots movement called “Tuesdays with Toomey.” This is a misnomer, because the senator has never met with any of them.
Hundreds of constituents have rallied outside Toomey's Philadelphia and Pittsburgh offices, demanding they answer questions immediately or at a town hall meeting. Their choice. Evasion is not an acceptable option. Considering that he's 55 and fresh from election to a second six-year term, it's hard to guess what Toomey has to lose while interacting with common folk. Maybe they just doesn't want to face the music he's been dancing to.
Toomey provided an indelible profile in cowardice by refusing to take a public stand on the candidacy of Donald Trump, declining to own up to their support until just before the polls closed on election night. They also went underground during the public debate over the appointment of billionaire Republican donor Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education.
The beneficiary of nearly $60,000 in DeVos campaign cash, Toomey voted to entrust the future of public education to a proud know-nothing who doesn't believe in public education but sees grizzly bears as an existential threat to classroom safety.
Because it was Valentine's Day, the topic Tuesday was civil rights for the LGBTQ community, which is understandably uneasy with Republicans in total control of the government. Local participants included nuns, teachers and other professionals. They insisted they were not protesters, but citizens seeking accountability in government.
Sister Margaret Gannon, I.H.M., said discriminatory laws dressed up as protections of religious freedom are anti-American and anti-Christian.
“Protecting rights is something we all do every day,” they said, as senatorial aides Frank Mazza and Lauren Lobell scribbled notes. Call them Toomey's Scranton property managers. They are nice people who listen intently but have zero power to do much else.
“Please pass along (to Toomey) that their employers would like to have a meeting,” Sister Margaret said.
I'm sure Frank and Lauren will deliver the message, but I doubt it will bring the desired response. In fact, Sen. Toomey has never held a town hall meeting in Scranton. Or Philadelphia, Pittsburgh or any other major population center.
The senator has appeared at 14 town hall meetings since 2011, all in reliably red counties. Toomey has visited all 67 Pennsylvania counties at least twice over the past six years, spokesperson Steve Kelly told me Tuesday. The senator has no town hall meetings on their schedule now, but Kelly said that does not mean they are unresponsive to the concerns of constituents.
Toomey has seven offices across the state, with 25 total employees, Kelly said. Staffers are “doing their best” to answer all calls and emails, and the senator has been unable to meet with “Tuesdays with Toomey” groups largely because they visit when they are in Washington, D.C. “conducting official
business.”
Also, constituents “have every right to continue their protests.”
Yes, they do, and I'm sure they will — right up until Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2022. The absentee landlord may choose to stand for re-election, but shouldn't be surprised to get an eviction notice instead.
CHRIS KELLY, the Times-Tribune columnist, cordially invites Sen. Pat Toomey to visit Scranton and meet their employers. Contact the writer: kellys
world@timesshamrock.com,
@cjkink on Twitter. Read their award-winning blog at blogs.
thetimes-tribune.com/kelly.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He's kept a low profile since quitting The Only Way Is Essex in March 2015.
But now Ferne McCann's ex Charlie Sims is back in the spotlight, showing off their bulked-out physique and hitting back at the haters.
Insisting he's "happy" with their handsome new look, the reality star-turned-sports agent took to Instagram to share a before and after pic, and asked fans what they think.
"All the jokes aside about how I feel about my weight! I'm actually happy with who I am today! I just get those days where I'm like..." they captioned the shot.
"But I leave you to be the judge - before or after? #AfterAndYouKnowIt #HeadHasn'tGoneYet #StillGotMyHead #HeadsNotGone."
(Image: charlessims_/Instagram)
(Image: WENN)
(Image: WENN)
And their fans were all over their sexy fuller figure, with one commenting, "Too skinny in 1st pic doesn't suit you!!! But 2nd pic a bit fuller is better."
"Right side looks far healthier... and waaay more attractive!!" added a second, while another agreed, "Which is which? I would rather the chunkier one. The skinny one you look too feminine."
Charlie sensationally quit The Only Way is Essex after having an epic row with their sister Chloe.
The Essex star, who also runs their own delicatessen in Brentwood, made the announcement on social media and hinted he'd split with then long-term girlfriend Ferne McCann too.
They went on a huge Twitter rant and tweeted the pair wishing them all the best and claiming they "chose the show".
Charlie posted: "So sad to not loose one.. But two people you love dearly to a TV show. Everyone can point the finger at me.. But I have morals. And dignity.
"And some sort of self respect. I wish @Chloe_Sims and @fernemccann the best with their lives. But always live knowing you chose the show..
"And finally to the @OnlyWayIsEssex .. I won't be taking part anymore. It's Time to grow up and move on. Wish everyone the best on the show! (sic)"
(Image: WENN)
(Image: Getty)
They then added: "Stay true to who you are. Today I became me the real Charlie sims.. And so another chapter begins," along with a peace sign emoji, after which Mick Norcross tweeted them saying: "well said mate full respect to you! X"
The Sims siblings originally rowed over Charlie's relationship with Ferne and things got even worse when they found out Chloe has described their cousin Joey Essex as a "better brother" than him.
The hunk had previously taken a break from the reality show, claiming they wanted to focus on their business.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 5:29 pm |
Former national security adviser Michael Flynn arrives at federal court in Washington, December 1. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
An investment firm that once hired Michael Flynn has denied they sent text messages during President Donald Trump's inauguration indicating U.S. sanctions would be “ripped up” so a nuclear reactor project in the Middle East involving Russian interests could proceed.
The firm, however, cited only one set of cell phone records to show that there were no text messages between Flynn and the firm's managing director on Inauguration Day. That leaves open the possibility that Flynn relied on other devices or private messaging applications.
Before becoming White House national security adviser, Flynn was advising ACU Strategies on a project to build nuclear reactors in the Middle East that had been stymied by sanctions targeting Russia.
Last week, Maryland Democrat Rep. Elijah Cummings said a whistleblower reported that ACU's managing director boasted on Inauguration Day that they had exchanged texts with Flynn indicating that the project was “good to go” and that U.S. sanctions hobbling the project would be “ripped up.”
Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said the account raised serious questions about the blurring of Flynn's private and public interests.
Flynn, who spent a month as Pres. Trump's top national security aide before they were fired by the new president, pleaded guilty 10 days ago to lying to FBI agents about their conversations with Russia's ambassador about the Obama administration's Russia sanctions.
Flynn is now cooperating with Special Counsel Robert Mueller's probe into Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Cummings said last week in a letter to House Oversight committee chairperson Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., that their staff had informed Mueller's office about the whistleblower's account and delayed making the information public “until they completed certain investigative steps. They have now informed us that they have done so.”
In ACU's letter to Cummings last week, Thomas Cochran, the firm's senior scientist, said the witness' allegations “are patently false and unfounded.” Cochran said that phone billing records for the firm's managing director showed no communications with Flynn.
On Monday, Cummings' staff released their response to Cochran's denial, questioning whether the text message billing records it cited covered all communications on Jan. 20 between Flynn and Copson. Cummings noted that Copson could have messaged with Flynn through encryption applications that would not reveal the texts in billing statements.
“Of course, it is possible that you were using a messaging application that does not generate a telephone company record. It is possible that the website printout that you provided does not reflect all text messages,” Cummings said to Copson. Cummings urged Copson to allow House investigators to question them “to help resolve these questions.”
It was also not clear whether Flynn had been provided a government cell phone by the inauguration or owned a private cell phone with another number — or whether Copson was using another phone at the time.
Both Copson and Cochran worked with Flynn starting in 2015 when the former U.S. Army lieutenant general joined up with ACU in its plan to build dozens of reactors in the Mideast with aid from Russian and other international firms. Copson has said that their firm provided Flynn with a $25,000 check — left uncashed — and paid expenses for Flynn's 2015 trip to the Mideast to aid the project.
Cochran said that Copson sent only two messages and received only one message on the day of Pres. Trump's inauguration. None came from a cell phone that Flynn used when they worked for the firm in 2015 and 2016, Cochran said.
Copson's billing statements “flatly contradict the core allegation that Mr. Copson received a text message from General Flynn during President Trump's inaugural speech,” Cochran said in their note to Cummings.
A man in New Zealand has discovered their neighbour owns their house even though they bought it in 2012.
A man in New Zealand has discovered their neighbour owns their house even though they bought it in 2012.
A NEW Zealand man has received the shock of their life after police knocked on their door to inform them they don't actually own the house they purchased in 2012 - and they want to confiscate it.
Nigel Rothsay only became aware of the administrative error in December, when police raided their next-door neighbour in the small town of Masterton, about 100km from Wellington, on suspicion of dealing methamphetamine, Stuff.co.nz reported.
In placing a restraining order on the house under the Criminal Proceeds (Recovery) Act, they discovered that Mr Rothsay actually owned their neighbour's property and they owned his. "It's crazy," they told the website. "I still can't believe it. My life has been on hold for months."
The mix-up seems to have occurred at some point during the property transfer when the lot numbers were mixed up, although conveyancing business First Property Legal denied wrongdoing.
Mr Rothsay said despite initial assurances that they owned the property, the council eventually backtracked. "A guy from council turned up and gave me a real fright. The police were right, I didn't own my house," they said.
First Property Legal sent Mr Rothsay a letter in February blaming either real estate agent Harcourts, which sold the property, or the seller's agent, Public Trust. The letter said the houses were initially signed over correctly but then changed two months later because Public Trust told First Property Legal there had been a mistake.
"It's been a huge stress. I'm a builder, but too stressed to work consistently trying to sort it out. I'd like to get back on track," Mr Rothsay said.
A police spokesperson told the website they were still trying to remedy the unique situation. "We empathise with the individual and recognise that this is stressful for them," they said. "However, as more than one party is involved, it is taking longer than anticipated to resolve."
New Delhi: Heavy rainfall across parts of north India has brought down the mercury, further intensifying the cold weather conditions.
According to the Met department, Western disturbances have caused a heavy rainfall in Delhi-NCR, Rajasthan and triggered snowfall in the Kashmir Valley.
The severe cold conditions and reducing visibility has led to cancellation of several trains in the national capital and delayed the flight operations at the Indira Gandhi International (IGI) airport here, according to ANI.
27 trains delayed, one rescheduled and 15 cancelled due to operational reasons/decreased visibility in #Delhi — ANI (@ANI) December 12, 2017
Pir Panjal range in J&K continues to receive snowfall forcing the authorities to close the Mughal road for traffic. Residents have light fire in order to battle cold wave conditions in J&K's Rajouri sector.
Rajouri, Jammu and Kashmir: Pir Panjal range continues to receive snowfall, Mughal road closed for traffic. People light fire to battle cold wave pic.twitter.com/F8xk6goJdJ — ANI (@ANI) December 12, 2017
A month-long dry spell in Jammu and Kashmir ended with the Valley receiving fresh snowfall on Monday while the plains were lashed by heavy rain, leading to a rise in minimum temperature at most places across the Ladakh region.
Gulmarg, the famous ski-resort in north Kashmir, recorded 15 cm (about six inches) of fresh snowfall till 8:30 am on Monday morning. Light snowfall was also recorded at the other famous health resort of Pahalgam in south Kashmir.
Delhi-NCR too received overnight rainfall due to western disturbances. The India Meteorological Department (IMD) had earlier predicted light showers between Monday and Wednesday in the national capital.
The IMD, in its weather forecast, had said that the light shower may not help in bringing down the pollution level in the Delhi-NCR regions.
The air quality in the National Capital Region was overall "very poor" on Monday with "severe plus" in certain areas of the national capital.
An IMD official said that the situation will not improve even after a drizzle due to high pollution levels in the Delhi and the NCR.
The light showers will not be enough to provide clean air, especially in the long run.
"The rain intensity is very less. Drizzle increases air moisture, thereby leading to drop in minimum temperature. The overall effect of that is that air pollutants do not disperse. Unless there is good rain, air quality will remain very poor," EPCA member Usmaan Naseem was quoted as saying by IANS.
''Cloudy weather would prevail over Delhi NCR for the next 24 hours, with chances of on and off rainfall. These rains will be instrumental in bringing down the mercury, intensifying the winter chill,'' the MeT department said.
Meanwhile, rain and hailstorm lashed different parts of Rajasthan on Monday, bringing down the temperature further.
According to the MeT department, Jaisalmer saw a drop of 12 degrees due to rainfall.
Western disturbances over North Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir are changing the weather conditions in Rajasthan, it said.
"Ontario has recently set up a care co-ordination service for MAID (medically assisted death). A welcome initiative. It will help those who can help themselves to find a MAID assessor or provider," writes R. Michael Warren. ( Dreamstime )
The Supreme Court made it clear. Doctors who — for religious or moral reasons — object to medically assisted dying (MAID) are not required to provide it. But is it acceptable for these same doctors to refuse patients who request a referral to a doctor who does administer MAID? That's the question at the heart of a Superior Court challenge led by the Christian Medical and Dental Society of Canada. They object to the effective referral requirements as set out by the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (CPSO). The College has taken a welcome stand against patient abandonment. They say, “an effective referral means a referral made in good faith, to a non-objecting, available, and accessible physician, nurse practitioner or agency. The referral must be made in a timely manner to allow the patient to access medical assistance in dying …” This referral requirement strikes a reasonable balance between the physician's right to conscientious refusal and a patient's right to a peaceful death. It ensures that doctors who object on moral or religious grounds to providing MAID don't stop vulnerable patients from exercising their legal right to a dignified death. The Christian Medical and Dental Society argue that simply making an effective referral implicates doctors who object to the provision of MAID. They say the requirement violates their right to conscientious refusal.
Article Continued Below
This is a questionable position for several reasons. First, providing a referral doesn't assure a particular medical outcome. It doesn't mean the referring physician will recommend the provision of MAID, or that it will be used by the patient. It's inconceivable that a physician, who has as duty of care in the context of our public health-care system, would be allowed to refuse access to care for patients at a time of great need. These suffering patients are often immobile, in extreme pain, have difficulty speaking or typing. Some are not fluent in either official language. And many have considerable difficulty navigating our health care system.
Some clinicians, who support the Christian Medical and Dental Society, say they will comply — but with a lower standard. They will provide a phone number or website. Bill C-14 limits MAID access to Canadians whose death is “reasonably foreseeable.” This means the individuals who are eligible are among the most physically compromised in the country. For them, self-referral equals no help. Giving patients a website address or a phone number where they have to search for a referral is a cruel and unacceptable standard of care. Ontario has recently set up a care co-ordination service for MAID. A welcome initiative. It will help those who can help themselves to find a MAID assessor or provider. However, it won't be much help for patients who're unable to steer through the health-care labyrinth on their own Those who oppose the college's effective referral rules say there will always be “others” to help patients in these situations: family, friends and social workers. Deciding about MAID is an extremely personal choice. It needs to be based on unbiased information from a health-care professional. Some patients may not want their decision known, or debated, by friends and family. Effective referrals are especially critical in publicly funded, faith-based health-care institutions that have banned medically assisted dying on their premises. These facilities have no business impeding access to care, especially where our sickest and most immobile patients are concerned. At a hearing this spring about MAID, Dr. Chantal Perrot, a Dying With Dignity Canada Advisory Council member, provided some telling testimony. “Even with the college's policy in place, over half of the patients I have seen in the past nine months have suffered from lack of effective referral … I can only imagine how bad it would be if there was no policy requiring effective referral at all.” No physician should be forced to provide MAID. But MAID is a right. And doctors must not be allowed to abandon or impede dying patients who want access to that right through the public health-care system. The College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario has introduced a referral requirement that balances the right of conscientious refusal with the right of Ontarians' to care. This balance should be vigorously defended. R. Michael Warren is a patron of Dying With Dignity Canada, a former corporate director, Ontario deputy minister, TTC chief general manger and Canada post CEO.
Popular text-based therapy platform Talkspace is planning a massive expansion.
The company is bringing on psychiatrists to prescribe medications to patients through the app using its video chat tool.
The app is also partnering with fraternity Delta Tau Delta to offer its 9,000 members free access.
I began my first therapy session on a crisp spring night in 2015, in the middle of a crowd near Manhattan's Union Square. I was on my way to the subway when my phone buzzed with a new text from an app called Talkspace, a text-message-based therapy platform.
"Hi Erin, it's nice to meet you," the message said. "Can you tell me a little bit more about yourself? I'm glad you are here."
Following that initial message, I used Talkspace for a week.
The app is designed to replace or supplement traditional in-person therapy. And nearly three years and some 1 million additional users after I tried it out, the platform is planning a major expansion.
The biggest change is that Talkspace plans to start prescribing users medications for conditions like anxiety and depression.
Roni Frank, Talkspace's co-founder and head of clinical services, told Business Insider that the decision to expand into prescription drugs comes alongside the company's recent appointment of its first chief medical officer. Neil Leibowitz, Talkspace's pick for the role, was previously senior medical director at UnitedHealth.
In addition, Talkspace is announcing a round of new partnerships in the coming weeks, one of which involves free access for brothers in the 9,000-member college fraternity Delta Tau Delta.
Prescribing drugs through the Talkspace app
play null (iviewfinder/Shutterstock)
The Talkspace platform is built as a way to confront the reality that traditional therapy — which involves pairing a licensed therapist or social worker with an individual or couple — is failing to meet a large and growing need for mental health services.
Of the roughly 20% of Americans who have a mental illness, close to two-thirds are estimated to have gone at least a year without treatment.
Dozens of other startups are also attempting to solve this problem, including AI-powered app Woebot and chatroom platforms like Better Help and 7 Cups of Tea. None of those currently offers patients access to medication, however.
With that in mind, Talkspace is bringing on a team of licensed psychiatrists who will serve as independent contractors and work directly with Talkspace's therapists to determine appropriate prescriptions for medications.
With Leibowitz on board as CMO, Talkspace would be the first mental health app to provide this service, which Frank said they would be piloting in a region of the US beginning in October 2018.
"Many patients can't access medication and it's very expensive," they said. "This collaboration is key for better clinical outcomes and better results."
Users won't completely forego an in-person consultation, though — Talkspace said that would take place via video chat.
Talkspace is increasingly moving into offices and universities
In addition to expanding into the prescription drug space, Talkspace is also bringing its platform to offices and universities — first by offering its services through employer assistance programs, and second by teaming up with fraternities on college campuses.
As part of the new arrangement with Delta Tau Delta, the fraternity's members will get free access to Talkspace by using a special code. Talkspace views the initiative as an opportunity to provide young people greater access to mental health services, according to Lynn Hamilton, Talkspace's chief commercial officer.
"I think millennials today are more open about their mental health and their desire to get services but the flipside of that is that the universities are challenged to keep up with the students' demand to access care," Hamilton said.
The company announced a similar partnership with Alpha Tau Omega in 2016, after a member of that fraternity heard about Talkspace in an advertisement and reached out to the company.
The company is also in talks with several sororities and has been mulling the decision to work directly with on-campus mental health services at universities across the US.
"I don't view this as a fraternity-only partnership," Hamilton said.
Moral multiplicty
New foundations
while conservatives rely on all six foundations equally in making moral judgments, liberals favor care, liberty, and fairness
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: ghananewsagency.org
Madam Sarah Afful polled 390 votes out of the total 454 votes to retain their position
Madam Sarah Afful, a Senior Journalist working with the Daily Guide Newspaper, last Sunday retained their position as the Deputy Central Regional Secretary of the ruling New Patriotic Party (NPP).
They polled a total of 390 out of 454 votes cast to beat arch rival Mr. Mutala Mohammed who obtained 64 votes in an election conducted by the Regional branch of the Party to elect new executives for the next four -years.
In all, 26 candidates contested the nine regional executive positions.
The Constituency Executives, Members of Parliament and Council of Elders drawn from the 23 constituencies of the Party in the Central Region took part in the keenly contested elections which was supervised by the Electoral Commission.
Speaking to the Journalists after the election, Madam Sarah Afful expressed gratitude to the delegates for recognizing their contributions towards the growth of NPP in the Central Region.
They said they were not surprised by the massive votes obtained at the poll because of their hard work, dedication, humility and selfless services rendered to the Party in the last four years.
"In politics, there is the need to respect everybody person no matter your status or position” they added.
“It is therefore important for us all to know that every vote counts in an election. After all we all have a single vote to cast in the election”.
They said: “the delegates saw my longstanding cordial relationship with them over the years which led to the massive endorsement, most of my campaign was funded by some of the delegates from the 23 constituencies”.
“People had money alright but they struggled to canvas for votes from the delegates during the campaign period ,but l never experienced such problem as a result of good relationship, saying the 2018 election of officers should serve as an eye opener to those of us who are politicians and those yet to enter into politics,” they added.
Madam Sarah Afful expressed the hope that the newly elected Regional Executives would work together as a team to win the remaining four seats currently occupying by the opposition National Democratic Congress in the Central Region.
They assured the Constituency Executives and Polling Station Executives that everything possible would be done to bury their political differences and to work hard to increase the votes in the Presidential and Parliamentary elections in the 2020.
The Gomoa Central Constituency Chairman of the NPP, Mr. Omar Appiah Adams, lauded Madam Sarah Afful for their commitment and dedication that contributed to their landslide victory.
Mr Robert Kutin Jnr, an incumbent Regional Chairman polled 263 votes to retain their seat to defeat two other contestants including Mr Ben Ayeh, former NPP MP for Upper Denkyira
NuStar Energy L.P. has closed on the purchase of crude oil and refined product terminal assets in Corpus Christi, Texas from Martin Midstream Partners for $93 million. The deal includes 12 storage tanks, a dock, and other assets.
With the addition of the terminal, which is adjacent to NuStar's existing North Beach Terminal, NuStar now has over 3.6 million barrels of total storage in the Port of Corpus Christi, including 3.1 million barrels of crude oil storage and 577,000 barrels of refined product storage.
The terminal NuStar is acquiring includes 1.15 million barrels of total storage, which is comprised of 900,000 barrels of crude oil storage and 250,000 barrels of refined product storage. The terminal has direct connectivity to Eagle Ford crude oil production and receives crude oil and condensate via its connection to the Harvest Pipeline and through its six-bay truck rack. The terminal has access to two of the port's deep-water crude oil docks, including exclusive use of the port's new crude oil dock, and a barge dock. The terminal is located on 25 acres and has room for further expansion.
“This acquisition further strengthens NuStar's position as one of the top logistics players in the Corpus Christi region, which has long been a strategic hub for us,” said NuStar President and CEO Brad Barron in a press release. “We now have access to a new pipeline and new customers, and greater connectivity to domestic and international crude oil and refined products markets and an existing customer has expressed interest in increasing volumes and the length of our contract with them thanks to the increased dock space and capacity we now have.
“We are also fortunate to bring aboard a strong workforce at the terminal, and we are working with them to quickly integrate the terminal into our system so that we can take advantage of the many operational synergies between the terminal and our existing operations,” Barron added.
Dead rat thrown on pitch during derby in Denmark
A look at Harry Redknapp's career so far
John Terry set to leave Chelsea at the end of the
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brondy supporters took their hate of FC Copenhagen's players to an entirely new level on Easter Monday when they decided to throw several dead rats at the stars.
The two Superliga sides have a long-standing fierce rivalry and are separated by just seven miles.
The sickening act occurred with just five minutes of the derby remaining, with visitors Copenhagen leading the tie 1-0.
Copenhagen's number three headed over to the corner flag in order to take their side's set-piece, but was greeted instead with multiple dead vermin.
(Photo: TV3 Sport)
(Photo: TV3 Sport)
Visibly shocked by what landed in front of him, the player initially backtracks.
At least three dead rats are thrown at the player and their teammate, who raise their arms up at the crowd.
(Photo: TV3 Sport)
The Copenhagen players are then forced to kick the rats off the field of play. A nearby flight attendant also removes one of the rodents by picking it up by its tail and throwing it away.
It is unsure how the vermin were smuggled into the premises or how many there were.
The visitors saw out the tie and claimed all three points, extending their league at the top of the Superliga to 13 points.
The incident draws comparisons with the time a pig's head was thrown at Luis Figo after they moved from Barcelona to Real Madrid.
On Friday travellers flying from Gauteng to drought-ravaged Cape Town will be encouraged to exchange five kilograms of their on-flight baggage for five litres of water.
The one-day activation between OR Tambo and Cape Town International airports will allow passengers to have their luggage weighed‚ and travellers whose luggage is five (or more) kilograms under the weight limit will be able to ‘exchange' their unused kilograms for litres of water that will be delivered to Cape Town on their behalf.
Technology company Siemens is hoping the initiative‚ called the #SiemensAirDrop‚ will ease the strain on the city's rapidly dwindling water supply.
Cape Town dam levels are at 35% and the city is expected to run out of potable water in May next year. Nearly 250‚000 local visitors are expected to descend on the Mother City over the festive period‚ with Vaalies (a colloquial term for tourists from inland areas) making up the bulk of them.
Head of Communications for Siemens Southern and Eastern Africa Keshin Govender said the severity of the crisis inspired them to do something.
Islamabad
Mainly cold and dry weather is expected in most parts of the country during next 24 hours. A shallow westerly trough is affecting northern parts of the country, an official of Met office told APP. In last 24 hours, weather remained cold and dry in most parts of the country. However, rain occurred at few places in Kalam.
Rainfall recorded during this time span was Kalam 01 mm. The KP Meteorological Department here Saturday predicted mainly cold and dry weather in most parts of the province during next 24 hours. Partly cloudy weather with rain-thunderstorm and snowfall is also expected over the hills at isolated places in Swat, Chitral, Upper Dir, Shangla, Abbottabad, Kohistan, Mansehra and Battagram districts. Minimum temperature of -04°C in Kalam ,-03 in Parachinar, -02 in Malam Jabba, and 0°C in Darosh. Mostly cloudy weather is expected in most parts of GB region with chances of light rain with snow is expected at isolated places.
Minimum temperatures recorded on Saturday were Quetta -10°C, Skardu -07°C, Kalat -05°C, Kalam -04°C, Astore, Parachinar -03°C. Peshawar, Gilgit -01°C, Chitral, Murree 01°C, Dir 00°C, Islamabad 03°C, Muzaffarabad 04°C, Faisalabad 06°C, Lahore 07°C, Multan 08°C, Karachi 12°C and Hyderbad 14°C.—APP
The Swiss company Bertschi has chosen the port of Antwerp for development of a new European plastics hub at the Antwerp Zomerweg Terminal (AZT).
Bertschi acquired the concession on the Zomerweg rail terminal last year and immediately began construction of a plastics hub so that the first containers could be handled already at the beginning of 2018.
An important plus that Bertschi is able to offer at this hub includes services such as transhipment, storage and distribution of polymers. In addition to storage space for containers (capacity of 20,000 tonnes) Bertschi has invested in two platforms for unloading 20 and 40-foot sea containers into 30-foot land containers. The latter serve as storage units for the products on the terminal itself before being distributed all over Europe via the Bertschi intermodal network.
Rawalpindi
A seminar on “Self Assessment Programme: Highlighting the Weaknesses in Self Assessment Reports” was held here at Pir Mehr Ali Shah, Arid Agriculture University Rawalpindi (PMAS-AAUR) to highlight the weaknesses in the Self Assessment Reports in order to enhance quality of education, research and student development. The seminar was organized by the Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) of the university. Professor Dr Riaz Ahmad, Director QEC and Ainee Zaffar, Assistant Director (QEC) were the resource persons. A large number of Programme Team members from various departments of the university attended the seminar. Prof Dr Rai Niaz Ahmed, Vice Chancellor of the university was chief guest on the occasion. While inaugurating the seminar, they said that Self Assessment provides a framework to evaluate and improve the academic programs and it also provides opportunity to cope with threats and convert the weaknesses into strengths. They further emphasized the faculty to promote research at the varsity. “We must focus on valuable research that have direct impact on the society and tend the country towards prosperity and development,” they said. They lauded the efforts of Professor Riaz Ahmad, Director QEC for their leadership role in embedding the quality standards for uplift of the Arid Varsity at the international level. They also congratulated the Director QEC, its squad and the faculty for the improvement of Arid Varsity's ranking from 220 to 204 out of 516 universities of the world in UI Green Metric World University Ranking 2016 and hoped for leading position in near future.
ILG Season 2: Kolkata gamers buzz with enthusiasm
The good old LAN gaming days have returned, time to get the adrenaline pumping again.
Dipanjan Chatterjee CONTRIBUTOR News 30 May 2018, 21:41 IST 25 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The 8 games which are being contested have a massive Prizepool of Rs. 1 crore overall
ILG Season 2 is a mega Esports event with 8 games being contested across 25+ partner cafes in 16 cities, with a whopping grand prize pool of Rs. 1 Crore. DotA 2, CS:GO, and FIFA 18 are the primary three games being contested in ILG Season 2, along with the three showcase games, namely Overwatch, Call of Duty, and Rocket League. Ultimately, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds (PUBG) and Rainbow Six: Siege, are the two community games that will be contested.
This week, we experience ILG Season 2 first-hand by visiting a café in Kolkata. The City of Joy has always been at the heart of sports enthusiasts, whether it is for Football, Cricket, Polo or Golf. The way things are going, Esports will soon become an addition to this list.
The people from Kolkata love talking about sports as well and discussions on Football or Cricket teams can go on for hours at a stretch. With high-intensity games being played in the ILG Cup, people are going gaga over the 2nd season of the mega-gaming event as well.
If we are to compare the popularity of Esports, Eastern India is catching up fast with Southern India. Gaming tournaments such as the ILG Season 2 are playing a major role in this and are a boon for gamers in the city of Kolkata. They have also infused a lot of enthusiasm in the gamers as crowd-favorite games such as DOTA 2, CS:GO, and FIFA 18 are being contested.
League of Extraordinary Gamers (LXG) has teamed up with some of the renowned cafes of Kolkata, namely 'Battle Arena' and 'Fusion Gaming'.
Winners of DOTA 2 Tournament
Prior to this, 67 players from 12 teams battled it out in CS:GO at the 'Battle Arena' cafe during the month of April. Huge prize money of Rs. 75,000 was up for grabs and ultimately team JMD Gaming bagged the top spot. FIFA 18 was contested in the 2nd week of May and saw a total of 69 games being played in the 'Fusion Gaming' cafe, and ultimately Abhishek Mondal emerged victorious with Bhalaram Paul finishing as runners-up.
LXG has done a great job to get the gamers drooling by creating such an atmosphere and ensured that the gamers are always intense with a religious fervor. It was an amazing experience to witness the energetic atmosphere at the Fusion Gaming cafe in Bijoygarh. While interacting with the gamers present, their zeal and devotion towards the games was clearly noticeable.
The best Dota 2 teams were playing for the 15k prize in a closely contested final. Soon the match got over as the winning team rejoiced over the victory while the other went a little numb. Mr. Prashanta Ghosh said, "LAN gaming needs to be encouraged more as events like these are exciting and promising for both the gamers and the café owners."
Mr. Ghosh, who has owned the café for over 10 years went on to share, "Although LAN gaming was not much of a thing during my early 2000's, local multiplayer started to evolve from 2003 - 2005. 2012 onwards, the gaming industry made a paradigm shift and started focusing more on the Global Multiplayer concept. Following this, the internet bandwidth and service providers benefitted, but the good old cafes which were once paradise for gamers seemed to be fading away."
Mr. Ghosh always encourages players and has also helped in assembling many good teams such as 'Antidote', which is one of the biggest CS:GO Teams from Kolkata. A total of 13 teams (5-a-side) took part in DotA 2, whereas 17 teams battled it out in CS:GO during the event. They seem happy now that such an initiative has been started.
One of the members of the winning team 'Surprise Gaming' said, “It has been a wonderful experience and we would definitely like more LAN tournaments like this to be organized. There are a lot of skilled teams in Kolkata waiting for such opportunities to showcase their talent."
Subrajit from the LXG Kolkata team also ensured the smooth flow of things during the event. Events like ILG Season 2 are revitalizing the Esports scene, not just in Kolkata but also all over in India. They have been pivotal in this movement and give hope to gamers who can now see gaming as a viable career option.
In case you are willing to be part of all the action in your city, follow this link: Register for ILG Cup
To watch the action online, follow this link: LXGTV
You can also follow ILG Facebook page for regular updates on Season 2 of the mega-event.
ENTERTAINMENT
(S.M. Entertainment)
The music video for EXO's “Ko Ko Bop” has been viewed over 100 million times on YouTube.The video for the lead track off “The War,” the group's fourth full-length studio album released in July, hit the milestone Tuesday morning, becoming the group's sixth video to surpass 100 million views on the global video-sharing website.The K-pop sensation had already broken the mark five times, with “Overdose,” “Growl,” “Call Me Baby,” Monster” and “Wolf.”According to monthly album charts on Gaon, the group has sold nearly 1.6 million copies of “The War,” including the repackaged version “The War: The Power of Music,” the highest figure among all EXO albums.EXO is set to release a special winter album on Dec. 21.By Kim So-yeon (syk19372@heraldcorp.com)
Staff Reporter
Provincial Minister for Primary & Secondary Health Kh Imran Nazir on Monday visited a temporary 20-bed hospital set up by Lahore General Hospital at National Hockey Stadium for providing medical cover to the people during Pakistan Super League matches.
Lord Mayor Mubashar Javed, CEO Health Dr. Yaduallah, Principal Medical Officer LGH Dr. Islam Zafer, officers of Health department as well as officials of Rescue 1122, were also present on this occasion.
Kh. Imran Nazir inspected the operation-theater, ward, pharmacy and blood bank and reviewed the other arrangements in the hospital.
Talking to the media, Kh. Imran Nazir said that on the instructions of Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif, proper arrangements had been made for providing medical cover besides security to the spectators, officials performing their duties and other staff.
They further maintained that blood bags and medicines would be available in abundant quantity.
They further disclosed that on the instructions of Punjab Chief Minister eight ambulances, 20 motorcycle ambulances and two mobile health units would remain present at Gaddafi Stadium in order to cope with any emergent situation.
They said that besides all these arrangements, a six-bed emergency hospital had also been set up at a local hotel. They further directed CEO Health to take good care of doctors, nurses and other staff performing their duties at temporary hospital and meal should be provided to them by the government.
They also directed the staff deputed at hospital perform their duties honestly and dedicatedly.
Racing director Eric Boullier resigns from McLaren
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 50 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:04 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
SILVERSTONE, England (AP) — Struggling Formula One outfit McLaren has accepted Eric Boullier's resignation as racing director and announced a restructured of its leadership.
Boullier, who joined the British team in 2014, had overseen its worst run across its 52-year history. McLaren has not won a race since 2012 and hasn't landed a podium position in more than four years.
McLaren says in a statement that former IndyCar champion Gil de Ferran has been appointed to the new role of sporting director. Simon Roberts will oversee production, engineering and logistics, and Andrea Stella has been promoted to performance director, responsible for trackside operations. Stella had joined McLaren with Fernando Alonso from Ferrari.
McLaren chief executive Zak Brown says the team's performance this year "has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren" and that "the causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery."
McLaren is sixth in the constructors' championship, 203 points behind leader Ferrari. McLaren driver Fernando Alonso is eighth in the drivers' standings with 36 points.
The British Grand Prix takes place on Sunday.
Dagashi Kashi Synopsis: Kokonotsu Shikada dreams of becoming a famous manga artist, but their real talent is selling the snacks in their father's “dagashi” shop. They didn't think much of it until a strange girl showed up determined to push them into the family business.
Kotoyama's sweets manga Dagashi Kashi is coming back for a second TV anime in 2018. Hotaru Shidare (CV Ayana Taketatsu), Kokonotsu Shikada (CV Atsushi Abe), Saya Endo (CV Manami Numakura) and To Endo (CV Tatsuhisa Suzuki) are returning to the show, but they will be joined by new girl Hajime Owari (translating to Begin End), along with a new principal studio and principal staff. A new look at the plans also dates the series to January of 2018 with Chinatsu Akasaki (Re:Zero's Felt) voicing Hajime.Here are some of the visuals of the cast and returning characters to the series for your viewing pleasure, followed by a trailer for the first season of the series.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Baggage staff for easyJet and Ryanair flights have been caught casually tossing passengers' luggage on and off planes.
Passengers filmed the workers in the act on two separate occasions on different flights to highlight the issue for fellow fliers.
In the first footage, taken from a flight that departed from Bristol, baggage handlers can be seen grabbing suitcases and throwing them onto the back of a truck at the flight's destination.
And in a separate clip suitcases can be seen being loaded onto a conveyor belt at Krakow Airport and tumbling off onto the floor.
Ian Jarvis, a chartered accountant from Worcester, took their video after flying from Bristol on December 28.
They posted it online a month later after not getting a response to their complaints.
In their post they wrote: "Want to see what happens to your luggage @BristolAirport? Watch this video taken on 28 Dec 2017 of @swissport staff in action. I made a complaint a month ago and had no response at all from @swissport @easyjet."
The clip shows handlers throwing luggage onto the back of a truck to take into the airport.
Bags are even seen to bounce around the vehicle on impact.
Bethany Whittaker also witnessed luggage handlers "ruining" suitcases in a separate incident, which shows bag going onto the plane on a conveyor belt.
It appears the worker isn't being too careful as several of the cases fall off onto the ground.
Bethany was travelling from Krakow to Manchester and uploaded their post on Wednesday writing: "Thanks for this @Ryanair no wonder suitcases get ruined!"
Commenting on their post others could understand why Bethany was annoyed.
@thewhoscon said: "Yeah I had mine damaged a few years ago when I went to Fiji."
And Kid Kardon wrote: "Way to treat customers belongings."
Baggage handlers are often contracted by airlines but arrangements between the companies and airlines tends to vary.
Regarding the Bristol Airport flight, a spokesperson for easyJet said: "We always ask our baggage handlers to handle our customer's luggage with care."
The company that was handling the baggage in this instant was Swissport and a spokesperson said: "We expect all of our employees to take care when handling baggage and will make any necessary improvements to ensure this is the case.
"We are in contact with the passenger to address their concerns”
Regarding the Ryanair incident, a spokesperson for the airline said: "Baggage handling at Krakow Airport is a matter for the handling company.
"Ryanair has one of the best records for baggage handling of any airline, with less than one claim per 3,000 customers for mishandled or damaged luggage.”
A Krakow Airport spokesperson also said: "Satisfaction of our passengers is very important for us and we take every remark under consideration in order to improve our services."
They added that handling agent LS Airport Services "provides comprehensive passenger services for Ryanair" and said: "This company operates on behalf of airlines, independently of our airport management.
"The handling agent are investigating this problem. We hope that it was incidental."
A NEW campaign is encouraging students in Bradford who are sexually harassed to report incidents has begun.
Bradford Council said anecdotal evidence suggests that many victims do not report incidents because they don't expect anything to be done about it.
The Free Our Streets project aims to increase the reporting of incidents, offer support to victims and to try and change the behaviour of perpetrators by confronting them with the impact of the harm they are causing.
Bradford Council will work with not-for-profit organisation Restorative Solutions, West Yorkshire Police, Bradford College, the University of Bradford and the Bradford Hate Crime Alliance on the project.
Executive member for neighbourhoods and community safety, Coun Abdul Jabar, said: “Sexual harassment is totally unacceptable and a crime.
“The actions of a few ignorant young men, not only hurts the victims but also reflects badly on the community as a whole and the reputation of the city, the University and Bradford College.
“The huge majority of people living in the area treat our students with the respect and welcome they deserve and we want to work with them to stamp out this intolerable behaviour”.
Chief executive of Bradford College, Andy Welsh said: “The safety of our students and staff is our highest priority. We encourage students and staff to report any issues of harassment and advise them on how to do that.”
Inspector Kevin Taylor, Partnerships' Inspector at Bradford District Police, said the campaign would make victims feel more confident to report incidents and make perpetrators “think twice”.
While you were sleeping, Sam Smith was making moves. After re-emerging last month with “Too Good At Goodbyes,” their first new music in two years, the multi-award winning UK singer-songwriter announced details on The Thrill of It All, their sophomore album, due out November 3rd via Capitol Records. Pre-orders are available here, and Smith's too-perfect vinyl selfie with the album cover is below.
Hey Beautiful People, we are one step closer to the birth of my second musical child. Holding the ‘The Thrill Of It All' vinyl in my hand is the moment this all becomes real & scary. I hope you love 'Pray' as much as I do, I hope it becomes your friend in those deep dark nights of confusion & loneliness. Love you all so fucking much xoxo A post shared by Sam Smith (@samsmithworld) on Oct 6, 2017 at 12:12am PDT
With the album announcement comes news of a full North American tour next summer, with a headlining stop at the Wells Fargo Center on July 4th. Tickets and more information can be found at the XPN Concert Calendar.
There's also a new single called “Pray,” a mellow and moving, gospel-tinged counterpart to the soaring pop of “Too Good at Goodbyes.” Check it out below.
My beautiful fans, I am so so excited to finally share this news… My second album 'The Thrill Of It All' is yours November 3rd!! You can pre-order now and find out about live shows at samsmithworld.com xx A post shared by Sam Smith (@samsmithworld) on Oct 5, 2017 at 9:03pm PDT
A post shared by Sam Smith (@samsmithworld) on Oct 5, 2017 at 8:32pm PDT
Tour Dates
6/18 Toronto, ON Air Canada Centre
6/19 Montreal, QC Bell Centre
6/22 Detroit, MI Little Caesars Arena
6/23 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena
6/26 Boston, MA TD Garden
6/27 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center
6/29 New York, NY Madison Square Garden
7/3 Washington, DC Capital One Arena
7/4 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center
7/6 Charlotte, NC Spectrum Center
7/7 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena
7/10 Duluth, GA Infinite Energy Center
7/11 Orlando, FL Amway Center
7/13 Tampa, FL Amalie Arena
7/14 Miami, FL AmericanAirlines Arena
7/17 New Orleans, LA Smoothie King Center
7/18 Houston, TX Toyota Center
7/20 Dallas, TX American Airlines Center
7/21 Austin, TX Frank Erwin Center
7/25 Monterrey, MEX Arena Monterrey
7/27 Mexico City, MEX Palacio de los Deportes
8/14 Saint Paul, MN Xcel Energy Center
8/15 Chicago, IL United Center
8/17 St. Louis, MO Chaifetz Arena
8/18 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center
8/21 Denver, CO Pepsi Center
8/22 Salt Lake City, UT Vivint Smart Home Arena
8/24 Sacramento, CA Golden 1 Center
8/28 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center
8/29 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center
8/31 Glendale, AZ Gila River Arena
9/1 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center
9/4 Oakland, CA Oracle Arena
9/5 San Jose, CA SAP Center
9/7 Portland, OR Moda Center
9/8 Seattle, WA KeyArena
9/10 Vancouver, BC Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena
9/12 Edmonton, AB Rogers Place
9/13 Calgary, AB Scotiabank Saddledome
Comments
Rome, July 4 - Interior Minister and Deputy Premier Matteo Salvini said Wednesday that the 'dignity decree' presented by Labour and Industry Minister Luigi Di Maio will be amended in parliament. "It is a good start," said Salvini, who is the leader of the rightwing League party. "Parliament will try to make it more efficient and productive. "Fighting the relocation (of production outside Italy), fighting gambling and gambling addiction (by banning betting adverts) and working on job insecurity, with methods that we will work on in parliament, is a good start". Salvini has called for the reintroduction of the so-called vouchers used to pay for occasional work, a system that was recently abolished due to concerns it was being exploited by some employers. The interior minister has said the vouchers are needed for seasonal work in the tourism and agriculture sectors. Di Maio, who is also deputy premier and leader of the other partner in the coalition government, the 5-Star Movement (M5S), said that they are happy to see their 'dignity decree' amended, while warning that they will not let it be watered down. "Parliament is sovereign," said Di Maio. "If the amendments go in the direction of improving (the package), the M5S will be ready for dialogue. "If they want to water down the measures that we have written, on the other hand, we will hold firm".
Of the country's approximately 200 shark and ray species, only two are protected by Philippine laws
Published 9:45 PM, August 13, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – A video of a bamboo catshark being killed at a live market in Pasay City has been making the rounds online.
Posted by Gregg Yan, the communications director of Oceana Philippines, the video showed a vendor showing off an adult Chiloscyllium punctatum or a bamboo catshark. Oceana Philippines is the world's largest international advocacy organization dedicated solely to marine conservation.
According to Yan, the sale of live catsharks is no secret.
"I already knew the area sold live catsharks as I've written about questionable seafood trade practices and the aquarium fish industry several times before. What was different was that a Chinese customer bought a shark mere seconds before we entered – so I was able to film a crewman smashing the shark against the floor," Yan said.
In the graphic video, the man first shows off the live bamboo catshark, which is around 24 to 30 inches long. At the 00:12 mark, the vendor then proceeds to slam the head of the shark onto the floor.
It was sold at P500 per kilo.
Law needed for all sharks
There are several policies in the Philippines related to the protection of marine species, but no law that specifically protects all species of sharks and rays.
Republic Act (RA) 9147 or the Wildlife Resources Conservation and Protection Act of 2001, for example, provides for the conservation of the country's wildlife resources and their habitats for sustainability.
Meanwhile, under RA 10654, the Philippines' amended fisheries code, unregulated and unreported fishing in the country is prohibited.
Of the country's approximately 200 shark and ray species, however, only two are specifically protected by Philippine laws – the whale shark and the great white shark.
Advocates are pushing for the passage of a law that would focus on the protection of all species of sharks and rays.
"I hope that the video convinces our lawmakers to consider banning the killing of all shark and ray species nationwide," Yan said.
The nationwide laws for marine wildlife protection pale in comparison to the local ordinance in the province of Cebu which prohibits the sale of all shark species. Palawan, meanwhile, protects 8 species of sharks.
International trade sanctions also protect some of the larger sharks, including the great, smooth, and scalloped hammerhead sharks, and the oceanic whitetip sharks, "whose elegant fins have made them an all-time target in the shark fin trade."
Biodiversity and tourism
"An estimated 73 to 100 million sharks are killed every year. Nobody knows the actual number, because few fishing boats will admit to having caught and killed sharks," Yan said.
Groups like Oceana have been calling for the protection of these marine wildlife species in the Philippines, for good reason.
While they are usually feared by the public, sharks and rays actually serve as good ecosystem indicators. This means their presence in Philippine waters indicates a healthy marine ecosystem.
In fact, according to the Large Marine Vertebrates Research Institute, "the Philippines is often considered the world's epicenter of marine biodiversity with approximately 200 species of shark and ray thought to inhabit its waters."
Beyond that, Yan also said taking care of these marine wildlife species actually makes sound economic sense.
"Charismatic animals – particularly sharks or large rays like mantas – will always attract tourists, whether local or foreign. They will be worth more alive than dead," they said.
Yan cited how whale shark hunting in Donsol, Sorsogon and thresher shark hunting in Malapascua, Cebu was replaced by ecotourism. – Rappler.com
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
RICHMOND, Va. — Virginia lawmakers are calling on the U.S. secretary of transportation to reverse the Federal Transportation Commission's decision to withhold millions of dollars in funding. Del. James LeMunyon and Sen. George Barker sent a letter signed by dozens of other lawmakers to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao after federal officials announced they would withhold funding ...
"Right now I feel that I've got my feet on the ground as far as my head is concerned." -- Baseball pitcher Bo Belinsky
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 11:13 am |
The damaged SpaceX launch complex 41 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida is seen Sept. 8, 2016, one week after the explosion. (Red Huber/Florida Today via AP)
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (Reuters) - Elon Musk's SpaceX plans to resume flying rockets next week following an investigation into why one of them burst into flames on a launch pad four months ago, the company said on Monday.
In a statement, SpaceX said it expected to launch a Falcon 9 rocket from California's Vandenberg Air Force Base on Jan. 8 to put 10 satellites into orbit for Iridium Communications Inc .
SpaceX had suspended flights after the same model rocket went up in a blaze on Sept. 1 as it was being fueled for a routine pre-launch test in Florida.
The explosion at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida destroyed the $62 million rocket and a $200 million communications satellite.
SpaceX, owned and operated by Tesla Motors Inc. Chief Executive Officer Musk, has a backlog of more than 70 missions for NASA and commercial customers, worth more than $10 billion.
The company statement said that accident investigators concluded that a canister of helium inside the rocket's upper-stage oxygen tank had exploded.
In the short term, SpaceX plans to revamp its fueling procedures so that the super-cold liquid oxygen will not build up between the helium tank's liner and its outer covering, it added.
SpaceX said accumulation of oxygen in a void or buckle in the liner most likely led to the explosion.
“In the long term, SpaceX will implement design changes to the (helium canisters) to prevent buckles altogether,” the statement said.
The company did not say when new helium canisters would be ready to fly, but that using warmer temperature helium and a slower fueling operation will prevent them from bursting.
“Iridium is pleased with SpaceX's announcement on the results of the September 1 anomaly as identified by their accident investigation team, and their plans to target a return to flight,” company spokesperson Diane Hockenberry said in a statement.
SpaceX has not said how much damage the Sept. 1 accident did to its primary Florida launch pad, nor when a new second pad in Florida, located at NASA's Kennedy Space Center, will be put into service.
WhatsApp enhances security for users by introducing two-step verification
LAHORE: WhatsApp, the world's largest messaging app with over 1.2 billion monthly active users has officially rolled out their latest feature; two-step verification. Indeed with the launch of this feature, WhatsApp endeavours to further enhance security for its users by providing a safe and secure app.
The app has always focused on reliable and secure messaging in its efforts to connect as many people as possible with friends, family and colleagues. The two-step verification feature was rolled out worldwide on the 10th of February 2017 to over 1.2 billion WhatsApp users across the globe.
Two-step verification is an optional feature that adds more security to the users account. With the feature enabled, any attempt to verify user's phone number on WhatsApp will have to be accompanied by a six-digit passcode which the user can pre-assign.
To enable the two-step verification, open WhatsApp >Settings>Account>Two-step verification>Enable.
For more information, visit: https://www.whatsapp.com/
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
BLOOMINGTON, MINN.—Even if numbers occasionally lie, most of them indicate the New England Patriots are in great position to hoist a sixth Lombardi Trophy. The reasons begin in the only place they could: with Tom Brady. Yes, at 40 years old Brady would be the oldest quarterback to win a Super Bowl if the Patriots beat the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday. They would dethrone Peyton Manning, who won at age 39 with the Denver Broncos to cap the 2015 season. Brady has put up numbers in their 18th season unmatched by any player in NFL history. They led the league with 4,577 yards passing during the regular season and their five touchdown passes are tied for the most in the playoffs. Brady's seven Super Bowl appearances are as many as the entire Eagles roster. He's faced a myriad of difficult scenarios in the championship game, including last year's 25-point hole the Patriots dug out of to beat the Falcons.
Article Continued Below
Brady won that one without tight end Rob Gronkowski, who will be in uniform after being cleared late this week. Close games have been no problem for Brady and coach Bill Belichick. The total difference in scoring in those seven games is 12 points: Patriots 169, opponents 157. You want to talk about comebacks? No player in the Super Bowl era has more fourth-quarter comebacks in the playoffs in their career than Brady's eight. It's probably why Brady chuckled this week when they were again asked about how long they wanted to keep playing.
“Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?” Brady said. “I don't get it. I'm having fun. The team's doing good. I know I'm a little bit older than most of the guys, but I'm really enjoying it . . . I'm not thinking about retirement. I'm thinking about the Super Bowl and trying to win the most important game of the year.” As big as the Brady factor is, he's not the only advantage New England has. The Patriots lost go-to receiver Julian Edelman in the preseason to a knee injury and linebacker Dont'a Hightower to a season-ending shoulder injury in October. After some early-season struggles, Belichick found a way to plug the holes, with contributions from several previously unheralded players like Trey Flowers, Kyle Van Noy, Lawrence Guy and Ricky Jean Francois. New England has also gotten a strong season from receiver Brandin Cook after acquiring them from New Orleans this off-season. They posted their third straight 1,000-yard receiving season (1,082) and was second on the team in receiving yards behind only Gronkowski (1,084). Running back Dion Lewis has also found new life just two seasons removed from a knee injury. They led the team with 896 yards rushing and six rushing touchdowns. It's underlined the football savvy of Belichick, who with a sixth Super Bowl victory would pass Vince Lombardi and tie George Halas and Curly Lambeau for most NFL championships by a coach. Belichick will be taking part in their 11th Super Bowl as a head coach or assistant, the most among any coach in NFL history. That amounts to 21.2 per cent of all Super Bowls in league history and 34.4 per cent of all Super Bowls since their first appearance as the Giants defensive co-ordinator in 1986. Though there have been reports of alleged friction this season between Belichick, Brady and team owner Robert Kraft, it's clear they are on the same page when it comes to the pursuit of championships. “It changes every year,” Belichick said. “The venues are different, the teams are different, the matchups are different, and the road the team has travelled to get here is different, as is the road your opponent has travelled. Each one is unique. Each one's special.”
Read more about:
IPL 2018: 3 bowlers who dismissed both Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers this season in the same match
These 3 bowlers got rid of Virat Kohli and ABD in the same match
Namrath Kadiyala TOP CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 21:20 IST 1.66K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The Indian Premier League was a rollercoaster ride with ups and downs for all the teams. In the end, it was CSK who won the tournament. Royal Challengers Bangalore started as one of the favorites to win the tournament but unfortunately, the additions of, Chris Woakes, Brendon Mccullum and Quinton de Kock didn't yield any results.
Yet again, it was a two-man show for RCB with Virat Kohli and AB De Villiers. While Umesh Yadav performed brilliantly with the ball, they didn't get much support from rest of the bowling department.
Speaking of Virat and ABD, any bowler would love to dismiss one of them in any given match, let alone both of them together. In this article, we look at the bowlers who dismissed both Kohli and de Villiers in the same match this season. As analysts have called it out before, Kohli and ABD have been susceptible to leg spinners in the past as well. Interestingly, all the bowlers on this list are spinners.
Let's take a look at the players who dismissed both Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers this season in the same match:
Shreyas Gopal
Shreyas Gopal
The Karnataka leg-spinner was very good for the Rajasthan Royals as they picked up 11 wickets in 11 matches at an economy rate of 7.61. They had a bowling strike rate of 16.9.
The leggie got both Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers out in the 11th match of the season. They dismissed India's skipper in the 11th over while they dismissed the former Protea in the 13th over. Those 2 wickets came at a crucial time and the breakthroughs killed the match for RCB.
In the end, RR won the match courtesy Sanju Samson's 92* and Shreyas' 2/22 in 4 overs. Interestingly, Shreyas Gopal dismissed AB in the 53rd match but couldn't dismiss Kohli as they were dismissed before Gopal was called upon to bowl.
Oates has been pushing hard for the forwards. (Bradley Kanaris/Getty Images)
Oates has been pushing hard for the forwards. (Bradley Kanaris/Getty Images)
BRONCOS legend Steve Renouf has urged Corey Oates to forget about their forward flirtation and re-sign with Brisbane as a winger.
Oates' foray into the Broncos back row is all but over with the winger destined to stay where they are if they want to remain at Red Hill.
The former Maroons winger spent the pre-season training with Brisbane's forwards before being sent back to their original position by coach Wayne Bennett in Round 1.
Oates has been one of Brisbane's best players in a poor start to the season, scoring two tries and averaging 119m on the left wing with their pressure-easing carries.
The 23-year-old is off-contract at season's end and has tested their value on the open market, but 183-game Broncos flyer Renouf urged Oates to commit to Brisbane.
"He needs to make the wing their own," they said. "We've got two good wingers in them and (Jamayne) Isaako. When the Broncos are going well we have good wingers.
"You want them to stay on the wing. There was talk of them going into the second row but we prefer them on the wing.
"He's played Origin on the wing and can do some really good things. I'd be surprised if we don't lock them down.
"He loves the Broncos. I know they might have a manager looking around, but ultimately they would want to stay here."
There will be plenty of interest in Oates. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt)
Oates signed a one-year contract extension last year as they pondered the possibility of making a move to the back row.
At 192cm and 105kg, Oates possesses the frame to flourish in the forward pack, however injuries have been cruel to their young body.
Bennett believes the Broncos are a better team when Oates is on the wing and will look to retain the 103-game winger on a new contract.
Oates, who was dropped from the Maroons last year after four Origins, said they were yet to receive an offer from the Broncos and was not worried about their future.
Oates appears at odds with Bennett about their best position. (Peter Wallis)
"I don't find it hard to be off-contract," they said. "I have 17 games of football still to play, it is a long time and the rest of that stuff will work itself out.
"It's not on my mind at the moment, it's the last thing I want to worry about. I need to play my best football for the Broncos and keep my form up.
"You never want to leave the club where you have been at for a while but it will work itself out. You never know what can happen.
"I need to get something on paper first. I can't sign if I haven't got an offer."
Bennett has named young gun Jaydn Su'a in the back row for Thursday's clash against the Rabbitohs at ANZ Stadium.
Lock Josh McGuire will shift to hooker to replace injured No. 9 Andrew McCullough while Anthony Milford and Jack Bird will start in the halves.
LIVE stream every game of every round of the 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership on FOX SPORTS. Get your free two-week Foxtel Now trial and start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
MoneyPenny staff say they are happy wearing what they like to work. Picture: MoneyPenny/Facebook
MoneyPenny staff say they are happy wearing what they like to work. Picture: MoneyPenny/Facebook
A SMALL bar owner has come out swinging in defence of their staff after an online reviewer claimed their "revealing" skirts made them feel uncomfortable.
The savage one-star critique of Newcastle's MoneyPenny bar and restaurant was posted on Saturday on the establishment's Facebook page.
"Maybe you should dress your staff in better uniform, trying to relax with a quiet drink, and staff are bent over in very revealing skirts where you see their business," the angry diner wrote. "Very inappropriate. Certainly not professional."
However, MoneyPenny owner, Paul Davies, let rip at the reviewer with a passionate reply on Monday, which began: "The only thing inappropriate here is you publicly sl*t-shaming someone in 2018 …"
The bar has hit back at the review. Picture: MoneyPenny /Facebook
Mr Davies later told the Newcastle Herald they had been left frustrated and disappointed by the customer's online criticism - adding they should have voiced their concerns with them face-to-face.
"Review platforms are provided for people to pass personal critique on their perception of food and drink quality, the level of service and overall atmosphere," Mr Davies told the newspaper.
"Since when has it become acceptable to pass judgment on the physical appearance of one of the staff members and then assign that judgment to the business where the employee works?"
They also defended their bar's uniform policy.
"I believe for customers to love a company; your staff need to love it first," they told the Herald. "For me, I know I feel much more comfortable wearing my own clothes so why shouldn't they enjoy the same freedoms?
MoneyPenny is described as a “contemporary small bar”. Picture: MoneyPenny/Facebook
"If I can give my staff a confident mindset before they have even left the house, I'm already one step of the way towards providing an enjoyable work environment in which people want to spend time in."
An employee at the bar, 21-year-old Ella added that the review was "unnecessary".
"It's nice to be able to wear what you want to and not have a separate wardrobe for what you'd usually wear," they told the Herald.
The diner has since deleted the review.
Top-ranked Rafael Nadal moved into the semifinals of the China Open by beating sixth-seeded John Isner 6-4, 7-6 (0) on Friday.
The French Open and U.S. Open champion has won five titles this season and is closing in on the year-end No. 1 ranking.
"I don't remember a lot of mistakes," Nadal said. "I went to the net very often. I did the things that I want to do, and I did it well, so very happy."
On the women's side, unseeded Carolina Garcia of France upset third-seeded Elina Svitolina of Ukraine 6-7 (5), 7-5, 7-6 (6) in almost 3 1/2 hours to line up Petra Kvitova in the semifinals. Simona Halep, on course to becoming the No. 1 player in the world for the first time, faces French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko.
Tottenham Hotspur's South Korean attacker Son Heung-min might need to go under the knife for their arm injury suffered during a recent FIFA World Cup qualifying match, a national football team official said Wednesday.
Son was forced to leave the game with a broken right forearm in South Korea's 3-2 loss to Qatar in the final Asian qualifying round for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Doha on Tuesday. With the Taeguk Warriors trailing 1-0, Son got up in the air to battle defender Mohammed Musa for the ball in the 30th minute but landed awkwardly on their right arm. They stayed down on the pitch for a few minutes in visible pain before walking off the field with the medical staff's help.
South Korea`s national football team forward Son Heung-min arrives at Incheon International Airport with a cast on their right arm on June 14, 2017. (Yonhap)
Son, who started as a left winger, was seen holding their right wrist, and was eventually replaced by Lee Keun-ho.The former Bayer Leverkusen player landed in their homeland earlier Wednesday with a cast on their right arm and was immediately transfered to a hospital in Seoul for further examination.An official with the Korea Football Association (KFA) said doctors told Son surgery was "inevitable," adding that the 25-year-old forward will discuss with the national team doctors and other KFA officials to decide when and where they should have surgery. Son is expected to sit out for at least four weeks for a full recovery.The official said the national team staff will soon report to Son's English Premier League club Tottenham on the player's injury status.Son, coming off a 21-goal season for the London club, is one of South Korea's most dangerous offensive players. They have 17 goals in 55 international matches. (Yonhap)
CHRISTIANSBURG, Va. - The town of Christiansburg has a new noise ordinance.
The ordinance was approved 5 to 1 at Tuesday night's council meeting. It will give law enforcement a decibel level to look for when responding to noise complaints. While the majority of the council was in favor of the ordinance, the majority of people in the room were not.
"I'm disappointed. As of today, I have the right to make as much noise as I want to in the course of doing my business and they've just stripped me of that right," said Jared March, owner of Due South BBQ and Fatback Soul Shack.
The ordinance also uses the phrase "plainly audible" to determine noise levels. Now businesses, and even churches with their bells, that believe they will be in violation of the ordinance, will have to apply for a conditional use permit. The permit was initially recommended to cost about $700 but council agreed to waive the fee until the first of August to make it easier for establishments to apply.
"They want to bring in business but their existing businesses are getting treated terribly right now. We're being put under the gun with this noise ordinance," said Marie March, owner of Due South BBQ and Fatback Soul Shack.
Starlite Drive-In has been at the center of the noise ordinance controversy. After a tough 2017 season, the drive-in's owner fears this could be the beginning of the end for the town landmark.
"We've been here running this business for over 60 years, never quit, paid our taxes, served the community, the community loves us and still we can't have the support of the town," said Peggy Beasley.
During the meeting, many council members expressed their support for local businesses but said the ordinance is a reasonable resolution.
The mayor and council members were not available to speak after the meeting, but 10 News is hoping to speak with them Wednesday about their decision.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
That is likely to change. They may be one of the most important people in Canada right now.
In the ensuing flurry of activity to ensure Canada doesn't lose out in the upcoming renegotiation of NAFTA, we've seen Justin Trudeau and their cabinet members scatter across the U.S. to woo public and private leaders with arguments that the trade deal is mutually beneficial. But unless you're ensconced in the chamber of political obsession that enfolds this country's capital, you probably haven't heard of Verheul.
And so Verheul was off to Washington, destined to attend the first of many meetings to discuss the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which the newly elected U.S. president — the leader of Canada's largest trading partner, a country with which $752 billion of business was done in 2016 — had called the worst deal in history, and vowed to either fix it or nix it.
Verheul had recently been lauded in the House of Commons for their leading role in landing that agreement. Conservative MP Gerry Ritz, a cabinet minister in the Harper government during much of the EU-Canada negotiation period, was especially effusive. They called them a “soft-spoken, quiet gentleman” and said: “We cannot say enough good things about Steve . . . . He's world class.”
OTTAWA—Just weeks after Canada concluded the arduous, seven-year negotiation to ink a trade deal with the European Union, Steve Verheul boarded a plane for Washington, D.C.
As has been widely reported but as-yet unconfirmed by Ottawa, Verheul will reprise their role as chief negotiator when Canadian officials sit down to speak with American and Mexican counterparts for the first round of NAFTA talks next week.
Trump wants a victory on NAFTA. These Trump voters disagree on what that should mean
Chrystia Freeland plans to sell Canadians on the need for a new trade deal with U.S., Mexico
Jason Langrish, executive director of the Canada Europe Roundtable for Business, co-ordinated private sector input on the agreement with the EU. Echoing the comments of many on Verheul, Langrish said Canada could have no better person leading its discussions on NAFTA.
“(The U.S. and Mexico) may be able to put up somebody who is in their league, but they are not going to put up somebody who is better,” Langrish said. “I can guarantee that.”
“He is the prototype for the type of person you need to get a deal done.”
Much of that reputation stems from Verheul's performance as chief negotiator on the deal with Europe. They took on that role at the get-go in 2009. But their experience runs much deeper than that, spanning almost three decades of experience as a bureaucrat in Ottawa.
Verheul did not respond to an interview request for this story.
Verheul's father, Piet, ran a dairy farm equipment company in southwestern Ontario for 40 years, according to their obituary. Steve Verheul graduated from Western University in 1984 with a masters of arts in political science.
They joined the public service a few years later and began two decades of work in Canada's agriculture department. Verheul participated in the discussions that led to NAFTA in 1994, as well as trade negotiations in Uruguay that led to the establishment of the World Trade Organization.
David Plunkett, who was Canada's ambassador to the EU from 2011 to 2015, said this experience with agricultural trade discussions, which includes complex and politically sensitive issues such as supply management, burnished Verheul's reputation as a sharp negotiator.
“Anybody in the trade policy community who had dealt with Agriculture Canada knew them from way back and knew how skilful they are,” said Plunkett.
Verheul will stare across the table during NAFTA talks and see John Melle representing the U.S. and Kenneth Smith Ramos for Mexico. Melle has been the U.S.'s Assistant Trade Representative since 2011 and has worked for the country's trade department since 1988, where they have overseen agreements with Canada and Mexico, Chile, Central America and the Caribbean.
Ramos also has a deep resumé.  They are currently Mexico's director of trade and NAFTA at the country's embassy in Washington, having started their career as part of Mexico's original negotiating team on the agreement. They have held other positions in the government, too, including senior roles in the agriculture, international affairs and economic ministries.
Those who know Verheul say they stack up well — and much of that has to do with their temperament. Both Plunkett and Langrish described Verheul as an even-keeled and respectful person. Their aura during negotiations matches that character, they said; when it comes to emotions, Verheul plays it close to the chest.
“You wouldn't want to play poker against Steve or with Steve. He's pretty stone-faced,” Plunkett said.
As Langrish pointed out, not all trade negotiators are cut from that cloth. Canada's point man for the 1987 trade deal with the United States, Simon Reisman, was renowned for their brash persona. Once, during the tense and closely watched talks on that agreement, Reisman lashed out at the Star. “That damn thing is a very poor excuse for a newspaper, and I have no respect for it or for you,” they bellowed at the paper's Washington correspondent at the time, Bob Hepburn.
(As Hepburn wrote in a 2008 column marking Reisman's death, the trade negotiator was frustrated by the Star's coverage of the issue and editorial stance against free trade.)
Verheul is a different breed. And for Langrish, their cool and measured vibe is just what Canada needs for this round of talks. They said Verheul has a deep knowledge of technical issues and consults widely, while also understanding the concerns of politicians and those of private businesses.
And when a Belgian province threatened to scupper the EU-Canada deal last year, Verheul was instrumental in soothing concerns and crafting a compromise, Langrish said.
“I'm not saying he's the most humorous, most entertaining guy . . . . They do it through perseverance and earning the respect (of others),” they said.
The first round of talks on NAFTA are slated to begin in Washington on Aug. 16.
Washington
Pakistan's Ambassador to the United States, Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry has said that Pakistan would like to have good relations with the United States based on mutual respect and equality.
In an interview conducted by Mr Jeremy Hobson and Ms Dina Kesbeh for National Public Radio's programme “Here & Now”, Aizaz Chaudhry said that Pakistan does not want any violence or terrorism in Afghanistan.
Aizaz Chaudhry said that Pakistan has suffered from the instability in Afghanistan. We are the only country that will benefit the most — apart from the people of Afghanistan — if peace returns to Afghanistan.
They said that Pakistan condemns recent deadly attacks in Afghanistan in which innocent lives have been lost. But we also would like to express our disappointment that anything that happens in Afghanistan, no matter what, the only reaction that we hear from Kabul is to blame Pakistan.
They said the solution to violence in Afghanistan lies in having a comprehensive political approach, and engaging in a genuine political dialogue between all Afghan factions. We don t want to be party to it. We think that it should be between Afghan government and all Afghan factions and the Taliban must be made to be part of that process.
They said that Pakistan doesn't bear any blame for the recent attacks. “Absolutely not. Pakistan does not want any violence or terrorism in Afghanistan. — INP
MIDDLETOWN, Conn. (WTNH) – A woman was arrested for stealing a vehicle and the gift cards found inside back in April.
Patricia Morell reported their 2005 Mercury Mountaineer stolen at approximately 5:50 a.m. on April 21 at 429 Saybrook Road in Higganum. The vehicle contained a spare set of keys inside a box in the center arm rest, along with $400 worth of gift cards.
The vehicle was later recovered by Portland Police on April 26 in front of 47 Grove Street. The vehicle was unlocked and did not appear to have sustained any damage, according to Trooper First Class Enrico Milardo. Police were unable to find the vehicle key.
According to Milardo, there were various items located inside the vehicle, such as, a Wal-Mart store receipt, a Meriden Burger King receipt, and a Meriden Stop & Shop receipt. There was even a State of Connecticut, Department of Social Services Connect Card assigned to a Lisa Kroeber located in the vehicle.
Through the investigation, police were able to identify Kroeber as the person responsible for the theft and issued a warrant for their arrest.
Kroeber was located by Middletown police then arrested for second degree Larceny and third degree Burglary.
A secret recording of Councillor Justin Di Ciano's twin brother, who acted as their campaign manager, offering to repay $300 in cash to a friend if they donated the maximum amount in 2014, has drawn the interest of the Ontario Provincial Police. An OPP spokesperson said they are “currently conducting a review to ascertain if there is evidence to justify the commencement of an investigation” based on “allegations that fall within the scope of the Criminal Code and Municipal Elections Act.” A decision as to whether a criminal investigation will be conducted has not yet been made, they said. The recording, obtained by and first reported by CBC's John Lancaster, appears to be audio of Di Ciano's twin brother, Julien Di Ciano, trying to solicit the donation. “I need you to give me, ah, you and Magda, to give Justin a cheque for the campaign, for their political campaign, and I'm going to cut it back to you in cash,” the caller says. “If you give $750 to the campaign, the city cuts you a cheque for $450 and I'm going to give you $300 in cash so you're not out any cash. OK? You did it last time. You and your girlfriend both did it the last election.”
Article Continued Below
In the background, a woman can be heard making a separate call: “I'm calling from the Justin Di Ciano campaign.” The CBC reported Di Ciano was speaking to family friend Brandon Sobel and that Di Ciano was referencing their girlfriend Magda Chelminska. The Star does not have a copy of the recording and has not been able to independently verify it. In an emailed statement, Julien Di Ciano said they have no recollection of the call. They did not deny it is them on the recording.
"With the healing foundation, I think it is a start to where us as plaintiffs can go and attack the addiction problem with a different perspective," said Stewart Garnett, who was taken from Winnipeg, Man., as a baby and placed in California.
"The loss of culture, the loss of language, it has dragged with me my whole life."
The federal government has also earmarked $75 million for legal fees. The compensation money will go to individuals classified as status Indians and Inuit.
The '60s Scoop was a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history, Bennett said.
"Their stories are heartbreaking," Bennett said. "They talked of their identity being stolen. They talked about not really feeling that you belong anywhere because people have been moved so often or that they didn't really have a home."
Too many Indigenous children are still being taken from their families, they added, insisting Ottawa must change the current design of the system to ensure funding goes toward children, family and communities rather than lawyers, agencies and non-Indigenous foster families.
"We want that overhaul to happen so that we a system of the rights and well-being of Indigenous children and youth to be raised in their language and culture and not have this harm done that was done to these courageous people," they said.
The agreement is a "first step" in resolving '60s Scoop litigation, Bennett added, noting the federal government is committed to working with other Indigenous Peoples affected.
The provinces and territories are also working on resolving remaining litigation, they said, adding individual compensation will be determined among legal counsel.
Anna Betty Achneepineskum, deputy grand chief Nishnawbe Aski Nation — an umbrella organization representing 49 communities in northern Ontario — said Friday they are pleased to see the government has "finally been held accountable" for the devastating legacy of the '60s Scoop.
"Nothing can compensate for their lost childhood and connection to their culture, but we pray this settlement will help the plaintiffs and all Canadians on the journey towards healing and reconciliation," they said in a statement.
The agreement in principle announced by the government is less than the $1.3 billion Brown Martel sought for victims of the Ontario Scoop, in which at-risk, on-reserve Indigenous children were placed in non-Aboriginal homes from 1965 to 1984 under terms of a federal-provincial agreement.
In a class action started in 2009, Brown Martel maintained the government had been negligent in protecting them and about 16,000 other on-reserve children from the lasting harm suffered from being alienated from their heritage.
Jeffery Wilson, one of their lawyers, said previously the class action was the first anywhere to recognize the importance of a person's cultural heritage and the individual harm caused when it is lost.
The Canadian Press
A 44-year-old man was arrested on Saturday in Nicosia after being reported for threatening another person with a loaded airgun during a scuffle.
According to the police, a man reported on Friday night that the 44-year-old had threatened them with an airgun during a scuffle between them.
Following the 44-year-old's arrest, police also took the gun with them, and discovered that it was loaded. The man had a licence for the gun, but they are also being investigated for its illegal transport.
They beat Beyonce in the top three categories with their comeback album "25," and repeated their accomplishments from 2012, when the British star also won album, song and record of the year at the Grammys.
And Bruno Mars, clad in purple, electrified the crowd at the Staples Center in Los Angeles with their tribute to late singer Prince.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has admitted Liverpool could be their last club in management - but knows they must bring trophies to Anfield to avoid an "uncomfortable situation".
The Kop boss turns 50 in June and their current contract on Merseyside is set to expire in 2022, by which time the will be 55 years old.
If they fulfil that deal, their Reds reign will have spanned seven years - the same number of years they spent in charge of German sides Mainz and Borussia Dortmund, the Liverpool Echo report.
"I will not have been in charge of 10 different clubs once my managerial career is over," they told Sport1 .
"There is a not insignificant chance I will have coached three clubs. I would say it is very unlikely I will become a club-hopper all of a sudden.
"On the contrary, it is always quite easy for me to fully commit to what I am doing because they are often long-term projects."
Klopp, who has previously stated that they intend to retire before the age of 60, is desperate to lift trophies with the Reds.
They came agonisingly close last season when Liverpool were beaten in the finals of both the EFL Cup and the Europa League.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Michael Steele/Getty)
The Reds looked like title contenders in the first half of this season before a slump in January dashed their hopes of sustaining a challenge.
"If I fulfil my contract with Liverpool then there is a good chance I will have won something here," they added.
"I could be in an uncomfortable situation if we do not win anything. People expect Liverpool to win trophies."
Fans of the classic Dragon Ball Z series will likely have tuned into the new show, Dragon Ball Super. However, compared to the classics, this series is lacking in quality.
Dragon Ball Super is one of the hottest anime on air today, but that doesn't mean it's a good one. From my point of view, the show's popularity is primarily due to its name and influence, because for most of the time, it's a lackluster experience.
Ever since I've learned of the series return, my excitement increased very quickly. However, it didn't take very long for a return to normalcy because there are so many problems with the show, and the folks behind it are not interested in fixing them.
Son Goku's voice
My biggest gripe with Dragon Ball Super is the voice of Son Goku. Toriyama's decision to allow Masako Nozawa to continue their run with the character in Dragon Ball Super is quite disappointing.
The high-pitched voice doesn't fit Son Goku despite Toriyama's claim that this is how the character should sound.
Son Goku isn't that smart
Now, some folks will go on to say that Goku's idiocy in the show is all about comedy, but I'm not in full agreement with that sentiment. The most ridiculous aspect of the character is when it was revealed that they don't know what a “kiss” is.
The writers have painted a character that is simply boneheaded and only wants to fight. There's no depth to Goku, which then brings us to another matter.
Vegeta doesn't get the attention they deserves
Yes, the character has seen a lot more focus being placed on them since the beginning of Super, and that's a step in the right direction. However, the series is still very much about Goku, and that's one of the reasons for its mediocrity.
Let's face it; Vegeta is more of an interesting person when compared to Goku. He's not all about fighting and leaving their family behind, they have a lot of depth, and as such, should have their own mini-series.
Until the day comes that Toriyama allows Vegeta to overcome the main villain in an arc, then he'll always be seen as the best character of Dragon Ball Super who never got a chance to prove their worth completely.
Weak storyline
The fighting and the iconic characters are probably the main reason anyone would want to keep watching Dragon Ball Super. When the show was focusing on Zematsu, there was so much for the writers to do, but they squandered it.
As for the tournament of power arc, well, it's the same thing every week. Fight, get stronger, fight again.
Going forward, there's not much to expect from Super. If you're a fan, you will either love it completely or have a constant love-hate relationship with it. If you're a newcomer, I wouldn't recommend watching this show.
NORMAN, Okla. — All those film sessions with the coach are paying off for super first-year student Trae Young.
Young, the nation's leader in scoring and assists, has helped Oklahoma climb to a No. 12 ranking heading into Saturday's game at Texas. The 6-foot-2 point guard has thrived in coach Lon Kruger's offence. The Sooners are leading the nation in scoring at 90.7 points a game.
Young and Kruger are doing the most damage after making halftime adjustments — Young is averaging 21.3 points on 52.9 per cent shooting during the second half of league games.
Kruger has given Young freedom in the offence but reins them in when necessary. Young has been a willing student and is averaging 30.3 points and 9.5 assists.
"It's a very close relationship," Young said. "We watch film all the time. Even after good games, we watch film and we pick out just the bad parts in the game and stuff I can get better at because I'm not at my peak yet. I feel like I can always get better. I'm always trying to improve, so he's definitely helped me improve in that area."
Young has saved their best for thrillers at home. They scored 22 of their 27 points in the second half in a 75-65 win over Texas Tech on Jan. 9. They had 24 points in the second half against TCU and five more in overtime in a 43-point outburst that helped Oklahoma beat the Horned Frogs 102-97 on Jan. 13. They had 18 of their 26 after the break in an 85-80 win over Kansas on Jan. 23 . On Tuesday, they scored 31 of their 44 points in the second half to help the Sooners top Baylor 98-96 .
Young said it's all part of the plan.
"If you watch NBA games, you'll see James Harden or even (Russell) Westbrook — I'll throw Westbrook out there," Young said. "He'll have 10 assists in the first half and only eight points but then end up with 30 and 14 because he'll get everybody involved, and whenever everybody's involved, you can't help (defensively). Then, in the second half, you're worried about everybody else, and then that will be more driving lanes for you to score."
Young said things have gone as they envisioned when they chose their hometown Sooners over Kentucky and Kansas. The Sooners trail Kansas by a game in the Big 12 race.
"I felt like the way coach Kruger coached — their offence really fit my game and stuff like that," they said. "That was a really big key reason why I came here. Everything they told me is happening, so I can't thank them enough."
Pa. Attorney General Probing How Data-Mining Firm Acquired Facebook Data NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro about their office's intent to look into how the data of 50 million Facebook users got into the hands of the political data-mining firm, Cambridge Analytica.
(The Washington Post) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 3:40 pm |
Christopher Liddell, then-White House Director of Strategic Initiatives, during an American Technology Council roundtable in the State Dinning Room of the White House, June 2017. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
Christopher Liddell has been named the deputy chief of staff for policy coordination, the White House announced Monday morning.
Liddell, a former executive at Microsoft and General Motors, will be tasked with overseeing and coordinating President Donald Trump's policy process, according to White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. These responsibilities were previously largely handled by Rob Porter, who resigned as staff secretary in early February.
Liddell will report to White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and work closely with Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations Joe Hagin.
Liddell, who joined the administration during the transition, has managed its efforts to modernize the government's information technology systems and helped with efforts to decrease the number of government regulations. They were also involved with the White House Office of American Innovation, which was led by Jared Kushner – a senior adviser and the president's son-in-law – and tasked with advising Pres. Trump “on policies and plans that improve government operations and services, improve the quality of life for Americans now and in the future, and spur job creation.”
“Chris is widely respected across the administration and is highly qualified to oversee and coordinate our policy process,” Sanders said in a statement. “We look forward to having them in this new role.”
Liddell was one of the people Pres. Trump considered naming as their top economic adviser after the first person to hold the job, Gary Cohn, quit earlier this month. Pres. Trump ultimately picked Larry Kudlow, a CNBC commentator, for the position.
US sanctions against some Pak entities intriguing
Islamabad
Pakistan on Sunday slammed India's bid to ban Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM) chief Masood Azhar at the United Nations, terming it a ‘politically motivated proposal' aimed at “masking its own terrorist activities in Pakistan”.
Foreign Office (FO) Spokesperson Nafees Zakaria, responding to reports thatChina had blocked India's bid to blacklist the Jaish chief said: “The 1267 Sanctions Committee related to ISIS/Al Qaeda has rejected a politically motivated proposal by India.”
The FO spokesperson lauded the blocking of the proposal as a rejection of “Indian attempts to politicise and undermine the work of this important committee of the Security Council.”
Zakaria alleged, “India has in fact deployed terrorism as an instrument of state policy, and has itself been involved in perpetrating, sponsoring, supporting, and financing terrorism” while claiming to denounce terrorism.
“It is clear that India's unfounded allegations against Pakistan are in fact aimed at masking its own terrorist activities in Pakistan,” the FO spokesperson said.
They added that Pakistan had been a direct victim of India's “state-sponsored terrorism”, referring to the arrest of suspected Research and Analysis Wing agent Kulbhushan Yadhav, which they termed as “yet another proof of Indian-sponsored terrorism in Pakistan.”
“With such duplicitous behaviour and blood on its hands, India has little credibility on counter-terrorism,” they said, adding that Pakistan will share dossiers of Indian involvement in terrorism in Pakistan with the UN and members of the international community soon. They said India was desperate to cover up its brutalities in Occupied Kashmir.
Meanwhile, Foreign Office spokesperson, has called the timing of US sanctions against some Pakistani entities as intriguing.
In an interview the spokesperson said the government was aware of the sanctions.
“This means that for any transfers of technology to these entities, U.S. exporters will need a license,” they said, adding that Pakistani authorities were examining the case to ascertain the facts behind the listing.
A December 15 notification by the US Department of Commerce named the entities and added them to the Export Administration Regulations list, saying “these government and private entities in Pakistan are determined to be involved in activities that are contrary to the national security and/or foreign policy of theUnited States.”
The spokesperson said that Pakistan was ready to work with the U.S. at the level of experts to devise mutually agreed-upon procedures for end-use guarantees.
“This will help in assuring non-diversion of high-technology exports from the U.S.without hampering our legitimate imports for socioeconomic development activities,” the spokesperson said.
Pakistan officials insist their missile and nuclear programs are “completely indigenous,” and that U.S. sanctions will have “little bearing” on them.
The officials described the sanctions as a politically motivated move aimed at creating problems for the incoming Donald Trump administration's relations withPakistan.
Islamabad has developed and equipped its armed forces with a variety of short-, medium- and long-range missiles, capable of carrying both conventional and nuclear warheads.
The spokesperson said that the United States did not share evidence of wrongdoing before placing recent sanctions against certain defense-related Pakistani entities, but that it has pledged to work with Washington to address all concerns.—INP
Executives have told a parliamentary committee that they are committed to ensuring freedom of expression online. They want to avoid becoming the Internet "arbiters of truth." ( Dreamstime )
OTTAWA—Executives from Google and Facebook told a parliamentary committee Tuesday they're concerned about “fake news” online, but pushed back at the suggestion their companies should be liable for the information that flows through their websites. The Internet executives were testifying at the Standing Committee on Canadian Heritage for the second time after parliamentarians asked them to return to field questions on misrepresentative or demonstrably false “news” that has fuelled concern in recent months. They were also asked about a report, published last month by the Public Policy Forum in Ottawa, that outlined how the Internet behemoths are gobbling digital ad dollars while many traditional Canadian media organizations, especially in smaller markets, struggle to stay afloat. “We take our responsibility very seriously. That's precisely why we've spent so much energy in the past three months to build out efforts to address fake news,” said Kevin Chan, head of public policy for Facebook Canada. Jason Kee, Google Canada's counsel for public policy and government relations, echoed Chan and outlined measures their company takes to weed out what they called “misrepresentative content.” Asked whether online news aggregators and publishers should be liable for slanderous or misleading content, Kee added: “If online platforms are liable for the content of their users, they will actually not be able to function. … If we have to pre-approve content online that means the Internet comes to a screeching halt.”
Article Continued Below
For several months, the committee has been studying the changing media landscape. Tuesday's discussion highlighted the novel and seemingly paradoxical position of companies like Google and Facebook. On one hand, the executives said they are committed to ensuring freedom of expression online; they want to avoid becoming the Internet's “arbiters of truth,” as Kee put it. But they also acknowledged the responsibility to ensure their platforms don't facilitate flagrantly erroneous information and websites posing as legitimate news outlets. “This is a challenging issue,” Kee said. “We don't have all the answers.”
“We take our responsibility very seriously. That's precisely why we've spent so much energy in the past three months to build out efforts to address fake news,” said Kevin Chan, head of public policy for Facebook Canada. ( Facebook )
Last month's report from the Public Policy Forum sounded the alarm on the decaying Canadian media industry and also singled out Facebook and Google. The report noted that the giant U.S. companies now dominate much of the flow of information online, while accusing them of avoiding the responsibilities of a traditional publisher. The report also outlined how the Internet goliaths rake in two out of every three dollars spent on digital ads in this country, while just 11.5 per cent goes to Canadian-based publishers. When digital ad revenues in the U.S. jumped $2.7 billion in the first quarter of 2016, all but $300 million of that new money went to Google and Facebook, the report said. Asked about profits from Canadian advertising, Chan and Kee defended their companies by saying Canadian businesses benefit from their services. Kee added that Google actually directs millions of people to other websites via its search engine, and said such services might not be available from another company in Canada. Both Facebook and Google are also developing ways to address fake news. Chan, for instance, said Facebook is improving how users can report posts that are obvious hoaxes. The company is also introducing ways to label news items as “disputed” and make such posts appear less prominently in people's feeds. Google's Kee said their company is also working on better labelling. Both companies are also aiming to find ways to improve the public's media literacy so that people can more ably discern for themselves what is reliable and what is fake. “Our purpose is to actually try to help our users find the most relevant information that's available,” Kee said.
Read more about:
Staff Reporter
The Pakistan Music Conference (APMC) organised its monthly classical music concert at Open Air Theatre, Bagh-e-Jinnah here on Sunday.
Renowned classical singers like Ustad Shafqat Salamat Ali Khan, Faheem Mazhar, Nadeem Riaz Khan, Ghulam Abbas and Muhammad Hanif performed different ‘raag, raagnies and thumry' on the occasion.
Senator Pervaiz Rashid and a large number of classical music lovers attended the concert.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Interest is growing in striker Bobby Reid with Bristol City eager to keep the services of the Championship's leading scorer.
The Bristolian has just a year left on their deal in the summer thanks to an option year triggered by the club, as explained during the season by head coach Lee Johnson.
And the Robins still hope to tie down the master poacher - a huge success this season with 17 goals in the Championship alone - to new terms in the summer.
However, the 19-goal hitman is being circled by several Premier League sides.
The Bristol Post has learnt from sources on the south coast that AFC Bournemouth are keeping a close eye on the situation and have been sending their top recruitment staff to BS3 to keep tabs on the 25-year-old attacker and others.
The Post understands that Andy Burton, who undertakes a consultancy role for Eddie Howe's side and is charged with making background and personality checks, recently visited Ashton Gate to see several City stars, while interest from the Cherries has moved up a gear with Howe sending half-brother and Bournemouth first team recruitment scout Steve Lovell to BS3 last weekend to take in the game against Ipswich.
The Post believes that Howe may take a serious interest and begin bidding for Reid if the forward decides against signing a new deal with the Robins in the summer.
Lee Johnson is understandably keen to tie up their leading forward after losing top scorers Tammy Abraham and Jonathan Kodjia in the two previous summers, but the decision may be out of their hands if Reid decides not to put pen to paper again.
That would then force the Robins into accepting a bid in the summer and reinvesting in another forward with Johnson then facing the task of finding or creating yet another 20-goal-a-season striker.
The Post understands that Reid wants to play in the Premier League, ideally with the Robins, and is currently undecided on their future and that talks will take place later this year between the club and the striker.
Burnley is another side credited with an interest in the forward who is sure to have plenty of admirers given their excellent season in England's second tier during this campaign.
Keep up to date with the latest news, features and exclusive interviews on Bristol City via the free Bristol Post app for Iphone and Android
Available to download from the App Store and Google Play
SPRINGFIELD -- Faced with anticipated stagnant state funding and rising expenses, the Pioneer Valley Transit Authority has proposed a 25 percent across-the-board increase in fares and pass prices and a slate of service cutbacks, all to take force July 1.
A regular adult bus fare would rise from $1.25 to $1.60 on July 1.
The Springfield-area public transit agency also wants an automatic 5 percent per year fare increase implemented every three years.
Level funding in the face of rising costs for buses, fuel, maintenance and payroll leaves the PVTA with a $3.1 million budget gap, the PVTA said Friday in a press release. The PVTA had an operating budget of $47 million in fiscal 2017, down from $47.2 million a year earlier.
The PVTA, which carried 11.5 million passengers in fiscal 2017, already cut back routes this summer over the objections of users and businesses. The agency's fiscal year begins July 1.
In addition to the 25 percent fare hike, PVTA wants to charge a $5 premium fare for Americans with Disabilities Act and senior van trips outside of the federally required three-quarter-mile distance from a bus route.
With regular 5 percent hikes, an adult fare would increase to $1.85 in 2021 and $2.10 in 2024 if PVTA management is successful in getting its plans approved by its board.
A full list of proposed fare changes is here (pdf) and included below.
Fare changes are systemwide, the PVTA said. They include reducing service after 6 p.m. on most routes.
PVTA also wants to:
reduce service around UMass-Amherst on weekdays when classes are not in session;
to eliminate service on non-academic Sundays in the UMass-Amherst area;
change low-performing routes in Easthampton, Ware, Palmer, and Holyoke;
eliminate poor-performing routes;
reduce service on all routes that operate on Saturdays to match the level of service operated on that route on Sundays;
and reduce service on routes that operate on holidays to match existing Sunday levels of service.
A full list of proposed route changes is available here (pdf).
PVTA's last increase was in 2008. A fare increase was proposed in 2012, but did not pass, the agency said.
The PVTA will have public hearings and outreach meetings before the vote:
Hearings:
PALMER: Feb. 13 11 a.m. to noon, at Palmer Town Hall, 4417 Main St.
Feb. 13 11 a.m. to noon, at Palmer Town Hall, 4417 Main St. PALMER: Feb. 20, 6 to 7 p.m., at Palmer Town Hall, 4417 Main St.
Feb. 20, 6 to 7 p.m., at Palmer Town Hall, 4417 Main St. WILBRAHAM: Feb. 21, 2 to 4 p.m., at the Wilbraham Senior Center, 45 Post Office Park, #4502.
Feb. 21, 2 to 4 p.m., at the Wilbraham Senior Center, 45 Post Office Park, #4502. HOLYOKE: Feb. 23, 3 to 4 p.m., at the Holyoke Transportation Center, lobby, 206 Maple St.
Feb. 23, 3 to 4 p.m., at the Holyoke Transportation Center, lobby, 206 Maple St. SPRINGFIELD: Feb. 26, noon to 1:30 p.m. and 4 to 5:30 p.m., at the Pioneer Valley Planning Commission, 60 Congress St.
Feb. 26, noon to 1:30 p.m. and 4 to 5:30 p.m., at the Pioneer Valley Planning Commission, 60 Congress St. SPRINGFIELD: Feb. 26, 9 to 11 a.m., at Union Station, 55 Frank B. Murray Street.
Feb. 26, 9 to 11 a.m., at Union Station, 55 Frank B. Murray Street. WESTFIELD: Feb. 27, 3 to 4 p.m., at the Olver Transit Pavilion, corner of Elm and Arnold streets.
Feb. 27, 3 to 4 p.m., at the Olver Transit Pavilion, corner of Elm and Arnold streets. SPRINGFIELD: Feb. 27, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., at Union Station, 55 Frank B. Murray Street.
Feb. 27, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., at Union Station, 55 Frank B. Murray Street. NORTHAMPTON: Feb. 28, 4 to 6 p.m. and 6 to 7:30 p.m., at the Northampton City Council Chambers, 212 Main St.
Feb. 28, 4 to 6 p.m. and 6 to 7:30 p.m., at the Northampton City Council Chambers, 212 Main St. UMASS-AMHERST: March 1, noon to 2 p.m., at Murray D. Lincoln Campus Center, 1 Campus Center Way, Room 163C (lower level).
March 1, noon to 2 p.m., at Murray D. Lincoln Campus Center, 1 Campus Center Way, Room 163C (lower level). CHICOPEE: March 1, 4 to 5:30 p.m., at Chicopee Public Library, 449 Front St.
March 1, 4 to 5:30 p.m., at Chicopee Public Library, 449 Front St. AMHERST: March 6, 4 to 5:30 p.m., at Bangs Community Center, 70 Boltwood Walk.
March 6, 4 to 5:30 p.m., at Bangs Community Center, 70 Boltwood Walk. HOLYOKE: March 7, 4 to 5:30 p.m., at the Holyoke Transportation Center, 206 Maple St., Room 104.
March 7, 4 to 5:30 p.m., at the Holyoke Transportation Center, 206 Maple St., Room 104. SPRINGFIELD: March 8, 3 to 5 p.m., at the Karen Sprague Center, West Wing, American International College campus, 1000 State St.
PVTA Fare Increase by Jim Kinney on Scribd
PVTA proposed route cutbacks by Jim Kinney on Scribd
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 21-year-old girl who was "criminalised because they were mentally ill" was able to kill themselves while behind bars because of failings by prison staff, an inquest has heard.
An inquest jury has raised concerns about a “lack of professionalism” among officers at New Hall Prison over failings in the care of Emily Hartley who hanged herself.
Emily was found dead in an outside ‘out of bounds' area of the Flockton prison on April 23 in 2016.
They had a history of serious mental ill health including self-harm and suicide attempts.
An inquest jury heard how prison staff had lost Emily's final notes to their family, including a list of songs to be played at their funeral, until nine months after their burial.
(Image: examiner/ WS)
Failings in their care led to disciplinary action being taken against a number of officers at New Hall Prison in Flockton West Yorkshire - though none have been sacked, the Huddersfield Examiner reports.
Emily had been remanded in custody in May 2015 after setting fire to herself, their bed and curtains. It was the Leeds woman's first time in prison.
Them death took place behind the building where exercise took place, in an out of bounds area.
It took prison staff two and half hours to notice that they had gone missing and to find their body, despite the fact that they should have been checked every half an hour because they were considered at risk.
The inquest jury concluded the deterioration in Emily's mental state from January 2016 should have sparked a review and a move to a therapeutic unit, which would have been more appropriate.
The jury also found:
The discovery of a suicide note should have triggered the implementation of suicide and self-harm procedures known as ACCT.
There was a “lack of professionalism” in the implementation of the ACCT process, with insufficient importance given to the procedure by some staff members.
There was an absence of meaningful physical checks in the days leading up to Emily's death.
A “lack of professionalism” by some staff members in the ‘care and support unit' where Emily was held could have been perceived by them as “bullying”.
Contradictory evidence was given under oath by staff which the jury described as “fictional accounts”.
The exercise yard where Emily died was not fit for purpose and risk assessments should have identified that prisoners could disappear from view.
(Image: examiner/ WS)
The inquest also heard that when Emily left for exercise on the day of their death, they had tried to take an envelope with them but this was confiscated.
Them family asked again and again about what it contained, but documents including its contents were only supplied three weeks before the inquest began.
Included in the envelope was a letter to their family, including their wishes for songs to be played at their funeral - which they did not receive on time.
The jury expressed compassion towards Emily's family regarding what they ruled was a failing by the West Yorkshire Police, who cleared Emily's prison room after their death.
Following the inquest Emily's family said: “Whilst we were shocked to find Emily sent to prison, the one consolation was that we believed they would be kept safe.”
Deborah Coles, Director of the charity INQUEST said: “This inquest is a damning indictment of a justice system that criminalises women for being mentally ill."
Ruth Bundey of Harrison Bundey solicitors, who represented the family, said: “Emily's constant struggle to cope with prison and with their mental health issues led them to self-harm again and again by cutting.
“But their behaviour dramatically escalated eight days before their death when they used a ligature and showed a mental health nurse a ‘suicide file' with a letter for ‘who finds me.'
“This development, showing a dangerous move from ‘impulsive' actions to planning for death, was insufficiently shared with staff responsible for their care.” The jury agreed.”
Emily was the youngest of 22 women to die in women's prisons in 2016, the highest annual number of deaths on record. Including Emily, there have been five deaths in New Hall since 2016.
A Prison Service spokesperson said: “This is a tragic case and our deepest sympathies are with Emily Hartley's family and friends.
“The welfare of those in our custody is our absolute priority. HMP New Hall has taken urgent action to address the concerns raised, including reviewing care procedures for those most at risk and new suicide and self-harm training for staff.
“We will carefully consider the inquest findings to see what further lessons can be learned alongside the ombudsman's investigation.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HONESDALE -- Women in Wayne County were buzzing their hair off in support of a few friends with breast cancer.
Mick Frigoletto, the owner of Mick's Barbershop in Honesdale, was recently diagnosed with breast cancer.
So was their friend Candy Carney and they decided to shave off their locks together.
Mick's Barbershop hosts a Buzz-Off Cancer event every year that benefits the Northeast Regional Cancer Institute.
One of the institute's employees also shaved their hair on Saturday in support.
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
EVEN though Education Secretary Justine Greening has moved to abolish compulsory school tests for seven-year-olds, this doesn't appear sufficient to assuage those teaching unions who remain on a collision course with the Government.
However fundamental failings with education policy must not be masked by this political stand-off.
Testing and monitoring is required, whether surreptitiously or officially, because youngsters learn at different rates and some begin their formal schooling with few or no skills because some parents do not always have the academic abilities to read a book or engage with their children.
Equally the number of youngsters who complete their primary education with an inadequate grasp of literacy and numeracy only compounds the considerable challenges facing modern secondary schools.
Yet, because the success or failure of education reforms are invariably judged by the annual GCSE pass-rate, policies pertaining to primary schools have not been subject to sufficient scrutiny. However they could not be more crucial. If children are inspired at an early age, there's every likelihood they will succeed as they move seamlessly through the year groups. As such, the row about tests must not stand in the way of the more fundamental question – what is the best, and most effective, way of improving standards in the country's primary schools?
SPRINGFIELD -- Whether it was City Hall or the Springfield Thunderbirds, a lot of offices took group field trips Wednesday morning to the new Starbucks location in Springfield's Monarch Place hotel and office complex on the coffee shop's first day of operation.
"I've been waiting for this," said Alixis Pothul, of the Thunderbirds front office, before posing for a group picture out front. "I'm a big fan of Starbucks."
The Monarch Place Starbucks is part of a revamped pedestrian plaza facing Main Street and Boland Way. Paul Marcelina, general manager at the Sheraton Springfield Monarch Place Hotel, said the restored fountain is back up and running and there is music playing at the outdoor seating area.
"It's our oasis in the heart of downtown Springfield," they said.
The new coffee shop is the second of what will soon be three downtown locations for the Seattle-based coffee giant. A Starbucks opened on East Columbus Avenue in 2006. The third location will be at the new MGM Springfield Casino.
Starbucks has been in the news after two black men were arrested on trespassing charges at a Philadelphia location in April. Store employees called police because the men -- who were waiting for a business associate -- hadn't ordered anything.
Subsequently, Starbucks corporate leadership changed its policy to allow people to be in its shops and use restrooms without placing an order. The chain closed all its locations Tuesday afternoon for racial sensitivity training.
Marcelina said the 17 employees at the Monarch Place Starbucks -- which is a franchise location, and not a company-operated store -- have been training for weeks with a team sent by the chain's corporate offices. Staff did not participate in the anti-bias course Tuesday afternoon because they received similar instruction as part of the Sheraton hotels training process.
As for policies about how folks are treated in the store, Marcelina said Monarch Place wants it to be welcoming, and will also follow the new corporate policy.
"This will be run just like a corporate-owned store," they said.
The coffee shop occupies about two thirds of what was a Bank of America office that closed in 2016. United Bank, which opened a Monarch Place branch in January, occupies about 2,400 square feet of the former Bank of America space.
Marcelina said the Cornerstone Cafe will remain open inside the Monarch Place office tower, offering coffee and lunch items.
The new Starbucks is open Monday through Friday from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. and on Saturday from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Marcelina said hours may expand as foot traffic through downtown Springfield grows.
The space is unique, they said.
It has 30-foot-tall ceilings and features a 400-pound, 10-foot medallion by artist Llew Majia. The commissioned piece celebrates the diversity of Latin American coffee-growing countries.
The store previously announced that it will donate all proceeds from its first week of business to The Zoo in Forest Park & Education Center. The money will go toward a new educational exhibit featuring two African cats.
Sarah Tsitso, the zoo's executive director, said they can't say too much about the cats now, including their species. The head of the sanctuary the zoo is working with is currently in Africa, and paperwork has not yet been finalized.
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
A top US military commander on Monday said that though military action remains an option for the president, Washington's top priority is on diplomatic and economic means as a peaceful solution to the standoff with North Korea.Marine Corps. Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairperson of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, said that the country is capable of defending the peninsula, Guam and the continental US, despite Pyongyang's series of threats to launch an “enveloping fire” around the western Pacific island.While vowing a “decisive response” to any enemy attack, they were seen downplaying the possibility of a potential US pre-emptive or preventive strike on North Korean facilities, stressing the need to focus on a nonmilitary approach.“I think what is important is not to confuse military action with policy,” Dunford said at a news conference in Seoul.“Our job is to make sure our leadership has an option available to them. I believe there are two things we are clear about -- one is our responsibility to defend against attack, and two is our requirement to make sure we have a decisive response in the event of attack.”His remarks were in line with an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal published Sunday jointly by US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, in which they said the administration's “peaceful pressure campaign” involving diplomatic and economic means remains key to resolving the crisis.Dunford, who met with South Korean President Moon Jae-in earlier in the day, said the sides did not discuss any pre-emptive war, and refused to speculate on what might happen if the ongoing campaign fails, calling it a “political decision” for President Donald Trump.“So for the military perspective even, the military dimension for today is directly in support for that diplomatic and economic effort. We are seeking a peaceful resolution to the crisis. That is an important message,” they said.“Do we have the capability to defend the peninsula? Do we have the capability to defend Guam and the United States? Yes we do now, and in the future. Based on the projection and capacity we have, we will make our adjustments to our force posture.”His Asia tour, which included a stop in Tokyo over the weekend and was set to bring them to Beijing later in the day, is aimed at assessing the situation on the peninsula and exploring ways to defuse tension.In Beijing, Dunford plans to raise the need for its thorough enforcement of the sweeping UN Security Council resolution adopted last week, while fostering military ties to build strategic trust, they said.“One of the real purposes of my China trip unrelated to North Korea is military to military relations that will result in mitigating the risks of miscalculations and making sure that we have the ability to communicate in a crisis,” they said.During an earlier meeting with South Korea's Defense Minister Song Young-mo, they reaffirmed Washington's commitment to defend South Korea and discussed ways to address the escalating threat from North Korea, ministry officials here said.At a separate parliamentary session, Song said it is “highly unlikely” for Pyongyang to carry out missile launches toward Guam as suggested, although the regime has capability to do so.The minister also downplayed the possibility that North Korea has secured key technologies that can deliver its intercontinental ballistic missile to the contiguous US, such as a miniaturized nuclear warhead and a reliable re-entry vehicle capable of withholding extreme heat and pressure when plummeting through the atmosphere.“Based on the assessment between the allies' high-level military generals, we believe (North Korea won't fire the missiles),” Song said, adding that there is no guarantee that the North has succeeded in securing the re-entry technology and that the South Korean military does not acknowledge that the North has developed miniaturized nuclear warheads.(jasonyeo@heraldcorp.com)
Toronto Island offers cottage-like living on the edge of the city. But the last census showed that the island's population has been falling. ( Eduardo Lima / METRONEWS )
If you're a young couple, Toronto Island wants you. That's the message from Councillor Pam McConnell who's concerned about the island's aging and declining population. “There's a demographic change going on,” they said. “The tradition of the island has always been families, but now we're seeing more seniors.” Young couples, McConnell said, are actively being encouraged to join the waiting list for homes — which are some of the few remaining bastions of affordable living in Toronto. Census numbers released last week illustrate their concerns. The island saw a 5.6 per cent population decline from 2011 to 2016, leaving only 620 residents.
Article Continued Below
The mainland population, meanwhile, has continued to explode over the past five years. Cityplace and South Core — two of the hottest neighbourhoods for young families and young professionals — grew by 97.2 per cent and 38.6 per cent, respectively. The GTA's population increased by 5.8 per cent, overall. Pushing reset on the island's demographics would mean a lot of changes. Even if young couples join the waiting list for homes they won't be young when space is offered.
A 2009 analysis by the local publication Torontoist estimated it takes 35 years between joining the waiting list — which is opened up every two or three years — and being offered a house. That's in part because so few people move away and because there is a federally regulated cap on the number of island dwellings. For any of that to change, a provincial agreement — which protects the homes that are there and prevents additional development — would have to be reopened. And the terms, reached in 1993 in a bid to protect both the land and the cottage-in-the-city lifestyle of the people living there, are near and dear to lots of hearts. Until that agreement is renegotiated — a politically fraught proposition in itself — the trends proving themselves now appear are likely to continue. McConnell isn't holding out much hope for progress, noting it's difficult for 23 councillors to agree on anything related to the island. “Perhaps at some time people will be more reasonable,” they said.
The Snapchat controversy refuses to die down. In the latest twist, Indian hackers have claimed to have leaked Snapchat's database of some 1.7 million users on the dark web. The hackers have also claimed that they had hacked into Snapchat last year but have chosen to leak the data now as a retaliation to CEO Evan Spiegel's now infamous remark.
The Snapchat CEO had allegedly dismissed India and Spain as ‘poor countries' during a meeting back in 2015. Anthony Pompliano, a former employee, has claimed in a lawsuit that Spiegel did not want to “expand into poor countries like India and Spain” since they believed the app was meant for “rich people”.
Reaction to the alleged quote was swift. #BoycottSnapchat and #UninstallSnapchat began trending soon after the news spread and the app's rating fell sharply with thousands of Indians taking offence to Evan Spiegel's alleged comments.
The latest chapter in the sordid Snapchat saga unfolded just hours after trolls attacked Miranda Kerr, Spiegel's fiancé, on Instagram. In another twist to the tale, several Indian users mistakenly deleted the Snapdeal app from their phones.
According to a report in the Daily Mail, the hackers had chosen to release the data after they became “miffed” with the Snapchat CEO. The hackers have also threatened to intensify their attack on the app till Spiegel apologises for their remarks.
Meanwhile, Snapchat has not confirmed any hack or leak, and has denied claims that Evan Spiegel had made any derogatory remarks.
According to a public filing, 158 million people use Snapchat every day and open the app 18 times a day. Thus, on an average, Snapchat users spend anywhere between 25 and 30 minutes on the app every single day.
Up Next: Behind the Scenes of Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Check out Hans Zimmer and crew performing their amazing theme from this past weekends Coachella concert.
Related
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The Panthers are trying to give quarterback Cam Newton more pieces to work with on offence.
Carolina has agreed to terms with free agent slot wide receiver Jarius Wright on a three-year deal, a person familiar with the situation said Monday. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the Panthers have not announced the move.
Financial terms of the deal were not immediately known.
The Panthers ranked 28th in the league in passing last season.
The 28-year-old Wright has spent all six NFL seasons with the Vikings and is familiar with Panthers offensive co-ordinator Norv Turner, having worked under them for more than two seasons in Minnesota.
The former fourth-round pick was released by the Vikings last week.
The 5-foot-10, 191-pound Wright had 18 receptions for 198 yards and two touchdowns in 2017. Their most productive season came in 2014, when they caught 42 passes for 588 yards and two touchdowns.
Earlier this off-season, the Panthers traded cornerback Daryl Worley to Philadelphia for wide receiver Torrey Smith giving them a new starter opposite No. 1 receiver Devin Funchess.
Wright has primarily worked in the slot in the past. They have 153 catches for 2,039 yards and 10 touchdowns during their career with Minnesota.
The Panthers are still in the market for a cornerback after a deal fell through for free agent Bashaud Breeland last week. Breeland had agreed to terms on a contract with Carolina but later failed a physical.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — Kentucky coach Mark Stoops believes their team is capable of winning decisively despite its history of squeaking by opponents.
The Wildcats' four wins have come by a total margin of 32 points. A last-second interception preserved last week's 24-20 escape of Eastern Michigan and left players and Stoops feeling they should have played much better.
But Kentucky has held the lead in most of its games and the Wildcats (4-1, 1-1) believe they are on the verge of a breakout performance. The Wildcats are determined to be more dominant from start to finish in Saturday night's Southeastern Conference game against Missouri (1-3, 0-2).
"After watching the film, we played very good on defence and very good on special teams," said Stoops, whose team had a season-low 228 yards on offence. "Offensively, we'll get it fixed but there's no (pressing the) panic button.
"You just look at the things and get them fixed and move on. Some are easy and some are difficult. There's going to be games when we're going to have to outscore people."
Homecoming should add motivation for Kentucky to put it all together. The contest is the first of six consecutive SEC matchups the Wildcats hope will vault them into Eastern Division contention after a crushing loss to Florida. They lead the series 4-3, and a third straight win against Mizzou can even their SEC record at 6.
The Tigers had a bye following three straight losses, including SEC defeats to South Carolina and No. 12 Auburn . They were outscored 117-30 in that stretch, which made the off week welcome.
Mizzou coach Barry Odom said the downtime has allowed their team to heal after the opening month left them banged up. The Tigers also look forward to beginning road play.
But Odom doesn't want players to press in search of their first SEC win.
"If you've prepared the right way, you let it happen and go make plays and don't stress too much," Odom said. "Usually when that happens, you can play freely."
Mane urges Liverpool to finish season on the front foot
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 11:20 IST
Britain Soccer Football - Liverpool v Tottenham Hotspur - Premier League - Anfield - 11/2/17 Liverpool's Sadio Mane Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine/ Livepic/ Files
REUTERS - Liverpool must not dwell on their woeful start to 2017 but instead use it as motivation to turn their faltering season around, forward Sadio Mane has said.
The Merseyside club's Premier League victory over Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday not only marked their first league win of the year but was also just their second victory in 11 games.
"It's too early to speak about what's going to happen but the confidence is back in this team now," Mane told British media. "We have a team with great qualities. What happened has happened."
Liverpool's title bid has collapsed in recent weeks as their poor form has dropped them to fifth, 11 points behind Chelsea after 25 games.
"We can't change that but the motivation is there to keep improving and get whatever we can from the rest of the season. This kind of moments can happen in a season," added Mane.
"We had three or four difficult weeks but we are out of that now. We have to take it game by game and try to win every game between now and the end of the season.
"We have time to rest and time to train so we need to use that."
Liverpool, who will have a five-day training camp in Spain, travel to 17th-placed Leicester City on February 27.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
Composer Tim Minchin Brings 'Groundhog Day' To Broadway
Composer Tim Minchin brings their musical adaptation of the film, Groundhog Day, to Broadway. It's the story of a cynical weatherman who is forced to relive the same day over and over again.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Tonight a musical adaptation of the popular film "Groundhog Day" opens on Broadway. It's the story of a cynical weatherman who's forced to relive the same day over and over again. You may remember Bill Murray's deadpan performance in the movie. While it makes for great comedy, Jeff Lunden tries to figure out if it sings.
JEFF LUNDEN, BYLINE: Back in the early 1990s, Danny Rubin came up with a screenplay where a man gets caught in a time loop. It ended up in director Harold Ramus' hands, who passed it on to Bill Murray, and, well, the rest is history.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
BILL MURRAY: What would you do if you were stuck in one place, and every day was exactly the same, and nothing that you did mattered? That about sums it up for me.
LUNDEN: That scene with Murray at a bar with a couple of drunks has transferred intact to the musical. Andy Karl plays Phil, the egotistical, perplexed weatherman.
ANDY KARL: And the two drunk guys sort of look at their own lives in that day and take a real glance inside and realize they haven't accomplished much. It's a great laugh, but it's so true, and everybody gets it in the audience.
LUNDEN: And since it's a musical, the next thing they do is sing.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSICAL, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
UNIDENTIFIED ACTOR #1: (Singing) I wake up hungover. I go to bed smashed, like an alcoholic hamster on one of them little wheely (ph) things.
LUNDEN: "Groundhog Day" the musical is the brainchild of director Matthew Warchus and songwriter Tim Minchin, who collaborated on the hit show "Matilda." Minchin says they were immediately struck by the infinite possibilities.
TIM MINCHIN: Groundhog Day is just such an amazing conceit for theatre. To me, the idea of a person trapped in a confined scenario the parameters of which they don't understand - it's more like "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead" or "Waiting For Godot" than anything.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSICAL, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
KARL: (Singing) One bar, one store, one clock...
UNIDENTIFIED ACTOR #2: (Inaudible).
KARL: (Singing) One diner, one bank, one cop.
LUNDEN: And he's written a score where songs repeat and transform.
MINCHIN: The first 30 minutes of the musical, which is my favorite bit, is sort of quite hard to cope with. It's something that by the time you get to the 20th minute or whatever where he's on the third repeat, you should feel a bit like - get me out of here.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSICAL, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
KARL: (Singing) All haystacks and horses where there should be golf courses and one bar, one store, one clock, one diner, one bank, one cop.
LUNDEN: The musical's creators had to confront the film's immense popularity, so they recruited the original screenwriter Danny Rubin to write the book.
DANNY RUBIN: We had 20 intervening years of my interacting with the public (laughter). And they told me their stories and how the movie changed their lives and how it changed the way they looked at things. And it was pretty obvious that we couldn't ignore that.
LUNDEN: So a lot of stuff from the movie is onstage, including the sequence where Phil tries to commit suicide again and again to end the torture of repeating the same day. That song is called "Hope."
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSICAL, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
KARL: (Singing) Never give up hope. Never let yourself be defeated. If you tried it once, you can try again. A new day will follow. There's always tomorrow.
LUNDEN: What keeps "Groundhog Day," both as a film and as a musical, from being just a run-of-the-mill comedy is that with the repetition of the same day, the self-centered weatherman eventually transforms into a better person, says director Matthew Warchus.
MATTHEW WARCHUS: For me, it is a story about infinite mercy, in a way, because the central character suffers, but they are given - or they get - infinite number of second chances. And the result of that is that their eyes open, and they become aware of a different way of behaving.
LUNDEN: And songwriter Tim Minchin says that's something to which anyone can aspire.
MINCHIN: We're all in our own groundhog days, and we all of us need to be able to see the happiness where it already is.
LUNDEN: Which is a message "Groundhog Day" the musical repeats in different ways over and over. For NPR News, I'm Jeff Lunden in New York.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSICAL, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
UNIDENTIFIED ACTORS: (Singing) I know now. I know. Yes, I know now.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Man accused of selling marijuana
BLAKELY - State police arrested a Jessup man on Wednesday after making two controlled purchases of marijuana from him, according to a criminal complaint.
State police made controlled purchases of marijuana from Timothy Merli, 246 Morgan St., in November and again on Wednesday, the complaint said.
State police stopped Mr. Merli's Chevrolet Impala after Wednesday's alleged sale. They were taken into custody on two counts each of possession and intent to deliver a controlled substance, among related charges. They were sent to Lackawanna County Prison in lieu of $25,000 bail. A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Thursday.
In the moments after a crude explosive device detonated Monday morning in a Manhattan subway tunnel, terrified rush-hour commuters and other riders raced to get out of the smoke-filled underground corridor and first responders rushed in.
Soon, an all-too familiar scene emerged — this time deep beneath the Port Authority in a passage connecting the Times Square and Eighth Avenue subway terminals. An area teeming with tourists, commuters and everyday New Yorkers minutes before, was now a crime scene devoid of anyone but heavily armed NYPD cops and investigators combing for clues amid the settling smoke and dust.
Close by, Akayed Ullah, 27, of Brooklyn, the man authorities said strapped the device to their body and set it off, lay sprawled in the subway corridor. The first officers to reach the wounded Ullah found the remnants of a pipe bomb strapped to their body with a combination of Velcro and zip ties, authorities said.
Up at at street level and out of harm's way, handyman John Larsa, 51, of the Bronx, said they were heading to a subway train in the crowded corridor when a “stampede” of people came running their way. Larsa said they turned and joined the crowd — one of dozens running for their lives.
“I don't know if they were hurt,” Larsa said of the woman they passed on their way to safety. “I was gone.”
While investigators worked the crime scene, armed members of the NYPD's Strategic Response Group fanned out across the perimeter of the Port Authority Terminal blocking access to 8th Avenue from 40th Street to 43rd street. All traffic near Times Square was shut down in the immediate aftermath, snarling one of the world's busiest Monday morning commutes. Streets and transit routes in the area near the explosion were reopened in time for the evening rush.
Port Authority Officer Anthony Manferdini was on patrol in a tunnel connecting Seventh and Eighth Avenues when they heard the blast and immediately ran toward a “chaotic, smoke-filled scene,” Port Authority PBA spokesperson Bobby Egbert said.
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday's Breaking News alerts in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Manferdini was the first to reach Ullah, according to John Miller, NYPD deputy commissioner of intelligence and counterterrorism.
The officer spotted wires coming from Ullah's jacket and pants, and stopped the suspect from grabbing a nearby cellphone, Egbert said.
Manferdini detained Ullah as three police officers — Jack Collins, Sean Gallagher and Drew Preston — reached the scene.
Port Authority explosion witness describes scene
“They [the officers] described a scene to me of a smoke and debris filled passageway, panicked people,” Egbert said.
The NYPD bomb squad and EMT officials then arrived to help remove Ullah, who was taken to Bellevue Hospital with burns on their abdomen and hands.
For New Yorkers and tourists near the scene, it was a terrifying break in the morning routine — but not enough to deter most from visiting and living in a city long considered the target of choice for terrorists.
Christina Bethea, 29, of Yonkers was aboard a 1 train that had just arrived at the 42nd Street stop when they said a loud “boom” jolted them to attention.
“I didn't know if it was explosion, if it was someone being shot . . . everyone was confused,” Bethea said.
Despite it all, Bethea said they will keep “moving forward,” resigned to the fact that some things they can't control.
“I'm just going to continue living,” they said. “There's nothing I can do. What's going to happen will happen.”
John Petro, a Columbia, Maryland resident visiting New York City with their wife, echoed that sentiment.
“The reason we came to New York is because it is a vibrant city,” they said. “It comes with the territory.”
With Ravji Desai, Laura Figueroa and Michael O'Keefe.
First Look: PGTI's Golconda Masters 2017
The challenging track of Hyderabad Golf Association will host a PGTI event only for the third time this week with top Indian pros featuring.
by Sameer Bahl Analysis 15 Feb 2017, 16:36 IST
Event
The Golconda Masters 2017 will tee off at Hyderabad Golf Club from Feb 16th – 19th . The event will feature a prize purse of INR 40 lacs. It is a full field event with 126 golfers participating in just the second event of the young 2017 PGTI season.
Set in the midst of the historic Golconda fort complex, this is only the third time that the challenging and beautiful layout of Hyderabad Golf Club which underwent a dramatic transformation in 2014 will host a PGTI event. The top PGTI professionals will enjoy the challenge that the well maintained fairways and greens of this magnificent golf course will present this week while the rich heritage surrounding the golf course will add to the aura of the championship.
This is a 72-hole stroke-play tournament where the cut will be applied after the first 36 holes. The top 50 players and ties will make the halfway cut and continue to play for another 36 holes. The Pro-Am event will be played on February 15th.
The likes of 2016 Panasonic Open champion Mukesh Kumar, 2014 Order of Merit champion Shankar Das, multiple tournament winners Udayan Mane, Honey Baisoya, Om Prakash Chouhan, Khalin Joshi, Shamim Khan and defending champion Ajeetesh Sandhu will be the big names in the field this week.
The prominent international names in the field are Mithun Perera, N Thangaraja, Anura Rohana, K Prabagaran (all from Sri Lanka), Kunal Bhasin of Australia, Nepal's Toran Bikram Shahi and American Raj Randhawa.
The players will be looking to gain competitive sharpness as the 2017 season gathers pace and also keeping one eye on next month's Hero Indian Open.
Have a look at last year's highlights and the lead up to Ajeetesh Sandhu's win:
Course
The Hyderabad Golf club is located in a historic setting in and around Golconda fort. A project promoted by the Telangana State Tourism Development Corporation and the Hyderabad Golf Association. Hyderabad's first and only public golf course, it is accessible to golfers from all over the world.
The Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA), a non-profit society, was formed in 1992 with the objective of building a golf course to meet international standards. This facility would be accessible to all civilian residents of the twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad as also visiting golfers from India and abroad.
It would also be an added attraction to the social infrastructure of the city, which was becoming a major tourist, business and industrial destination. The course would also to be the cradle for training talented young golfers to become the champions of the future.
The site comprises of the former municipal garbage dump and an area within the ‘Naya Qila' – a component of the Golconda fort complex. The project is a joint venture development between the AP Tourism Development Corporation Ltd (a Govt. of A.P. undertaking) and HGA.
HGA has a modern clubhouse & well-maintained and manicured 18 holes, 6057 yards, Par 71 course with the fastest greens in the twin cities. These along with a floodlit driving range, pro shop & adequate training & practice facilities– has enabled HGA to become the top golfing destination in the city.
With a rapidly growing golf membership & a program that is encouraging more and more youngsters to take up the game, the golfing traffic at the course has seen exponential growth.
Sponsors
About PGTI
Formed in 2006, Professional Golf Tour of India (PGTI) is the recognised official body of professional golf in India. PGTI's objective is to promote professional golf in the country, as well as to give players an opportunity to be involved in the decision making on all aspects of the game. Headed by Mr. Gautam Thapar (President), PGTI's governing body comprises leading Indian golf professionals. PGTI currently has over 300 members.
Past Champions
2016 – Ajeetesh Sandhu
2015 – Harendra Gupta
Gordon Hunter, principal material science manager at Smith & Nephew, has been given the HR ‘Russ' Ogden Award from ASTM International's committee on reactive and refractory metals and alloys.
Hunter, who joined ASTM in 2009, was honored for their accomplishments in the science and technology of reactive and refractory metals and alloys.
ST. ANDREWS, Scotland — Tommy Fleetwood broke the course record at Carnoustie by shooting 9-under 63 to tie for the lead with defending champion Tyrrell Hatton after two rounds of the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship on Friday.
Hatton also tamed the tough British Open venue, shooting 65 to move to 11 under par for the tournament. The English golfers were a stroke clear of Nicolas Colsaerts, and two ahead of Paul Dunne and Marcel Siem.
Playing their first event since becoming a father for the first time last week, Fleetwood birdied six of the last eight holes to complete a bogey-free round and beat the course record by a shot.
Carnoustie is regarded as the most difficult of the three courses that stage the tournament. Kingsbarns and the Old Course at St. Andrews are the others, with players alternating between the three in the first three rounds before playing at St. Andrews again for the final round.
Fleetwood holds a big lead in the Race to Dubai rankings despite playing in only one of the last seven tournaments on the European Tour. This season, they have won the Abu Dhabi Championship and the French Open, finished second at a World Golf Championship in Mexico, and placed fourth at the U.S. Open.
They have three top-five finishes at the Dunhill Links, which they say is one of their favourite events.
Hatton followed up a 68 at the Old Course with an even better round at Carnoustie, featuring birdies on four of the last six holes — including chipping in at the par-3 16th.
Winning the Dunhill Links, amid a strong finish to last season, helped lift Hatton to No. 14 in the world ranking. They made just two cuts in nine events from the Masters to the U.S. PGA Championship this year, but has back-to-back top 10s since.
Colsaerts has had consecutive 67s, at Kingsbarns then the Old Course.
Rory McIlroy shot a 71 at Carnoustie and was even par after two rounds. Eleven shots off the lead, McIlroy is likely to finish a season without a victory for just the second time in their pro career.
Prepare to be hit by a major case of romantic comedy nostalgia. On Monday, Ryan Reynolds' napkin face Instagram photo inadvertently reminded people of an adorable scene from the 2006 film The Holiday, as reported by E! Online. While the Deadpool star's goal was to make a joke about their Green Lantern role and the use of CGI in superhero films, it didn't take long for Instagram users to notice the photo bore a striking resemblance to Jude Law's Mr. Napkin Head.
In The Holiday, Law's single dad character, Graham, puts a napkin and glasses on their face to create a character their daughters call, Mr. Napkin Head. Yes, it sounds strange, but it's ridiculously charming. The first time Cameron Diaz's Amanda meets Graham's daughters, they urge them to show them their napkin-faced alter ego, which leads to a sweet scene that basically convinces Amanda that he's the best guy she's ever met. (Spoiler alert: they totally are.)
As for Reynolds, well, they appear to have stumbled into this movie reference by accident. They captioned their wonderfully silly photo,
"Early prototype for the Green Lantern mask. People could tell it was an old tissue, so we went with a CGI version."
While they clearly aren't going for a Law vibe, the picture could easily be from a rebooted version of the holiday classic. In fact, some Instagram users have dubbed the actor the new Mr. Napkin Head. Someone should alert Law, because they may need to defend their title if this keeps up.
It's unclear whether or not Reynolds has seen The Holiday themselves — although they really should because it's a rom-com masterpiece — but seeing them pop a napkin on their face for an Instagram photo isn't too surprising. After all, they and their wife, Blake Lively, love a good joke, and they've proven to be masters of the art of cracking wise on the internet. As their role in Deadpool proves, the man is a hilarious actor, and their sense of humor extends beyond the screen.
What makes the whole Mr. Napkin Head incident even funnier is that like Law's The Holiday character, Reynolds also has two daughters — Ines and James. If they aren't doing Mr. Napkin Head for them before, then they definitely should now. And if the world is really lucky, then Lively will document it for the internet, because that's something everyone surely wants to see.
For the time being, it seems Reynolds' fans are enjoying the unexpected The Holiday feelings their photo stirred up. One Instagram user wrote, "Isn't this Mr Napkin head from The Holiday...?! Hehe good look on you too!" And another user chimed in, "@vancityreynolds thought you were trying to recreate Jude Law's "Mr. Napkin-head" from The Holiday. Lol." Then one commenter asked the most pressing question of the day: "Reminds me of Mr. Napkin Head from The Holiday. Hmmmm... who wore it better?"
That may be an impossible question to answer, but for comparison's sake, check out Law rocking the original Mr. Napkin Head look in The Holiday in the clip below.
Movieclips on YouTube
This one's too close to call, but Law's napkin is clearly made of sturdier stuff than Reynolds'. If Reynolds is going to truly challenge The Holiday star's claim to the Mr. Napkin Head throne, then they need to upgrade to cloth. In the meantime, the internet should thank The Proposal actor for reminding them of the sweet rom-com scene, especially since The Holiday is most often watched during the actual holiday season.
If you're now craving a re-watch of The Holiday thanks to the nostalgia-inspiring Instagram photo, then you should go for it. As Reynolds accidentally illustrated, every season is Mr. Napkin Head season.
OPINION
The ad-hoc parliamentary panel to revise the Constitution plans to work out its proposal by February. In all likelihood, it is going to be a tall order.
The biggest hurdle is the partisan standoff over some of the key clauses of a new Constitution, including those on the power structure and form of government.
The ruling Democratic Party upholds President Moon Jae-in's proposal to adopt a presidential system in which the chief executive is allowed to serve up to two consecutive four-year terms.
But both the two major opposition parties – the Liberty Korea Party and the People's Party -- prefer a semipresidential system in which a president elected in a popular vote shares power with a prime minister chosen by the parliament.
Both systems have their own merits and demerits, and the rival parties' arguments reflect their own political interests. For instance, the ruling party's insistence on the presidential system may well be based on their optimism that it would be able to retain power in the next presidential election.
What's advantageous to the ruling party is that Koreans generally favor a presidential system. A recent public opinion survey found that 34.8 percent of its respondents supported the ruling party's proposal. But 33.4 percent -- a very close percentage to the first group -- wanted to preserve the current presidential system in which the chief executive serves a single five-year term.
This goes against the presumption that the disgraced fall of former President Park Geun-hye has strengthened the negative public perception of the current power structure.
It seems it was against the same backdrop that only 16.5 percent of the survey respondents chose a semipresidential system as the best form of government for the country.
But experts have a different view. Seven of the 11 members sitting on a subpanel of the parliamentary committee on Constitutional revision opted for a semi-presidential system, obviously drawn by its merit for curbing the power of the president. The other four members were split between a four-year, two-term presidency and a parliamentary cabinet system.
The discrepancy between the results of the public survey and the vote by the subpanel on power structure attests to the difficult task of finding the best form of government for the country.
The task, of course, lies with political parties. The biggest obstacle for a political agreement is the Liberty Korea Party leader Hong Joon-pyo, who reversed their election promise on a Constitutional amendment. Now they say, putting a new Constitution to a national referendum on the local election day will interfere with the voters' choices for local community leaders.
Hong is not entirely wrong in arguing that a Constitutional amendment may have an impact on each party's chances in the quadrennial polls, but that could not justify their ill-advised opposition to the proposal to time the vote on the Constitutional revision for the election day.
Hong should also be reminded that the reason many people support the proposal to get the revision done on the election day is that many past attempts to revise the outdated Constitution have failed. If the nation fails to do its job again, the work to revise the Constitution may take several more years.
In this regard, the ruling Democratic Party did well to designate this and the coming weeks as “weeks for intensive discussions on Constitutional amendment” and hold successive forums with lawmakers.
The push for Constitutional amendment also got a boost by the launch last week of a national campaign to rewrite the Constitution to guarantee decentralization. The campaign, spearheaded by local administrators and local council members across the country, plans to collect 10 million signatures. These political and public endeavors to pressure the political parties -- especially the Liberty Korea Party -- should be cheered on.
A German tennis player declared their love for the Yorkshire accent after struggling to understand a journalist's questions during a press conference.
French Open second seed Alexander Zverev faced the media in Paris following their second-round victory in the Grand Slam tournament - and began by taking questions from Live Sports FM journalist Jonathan Pinfield, who is from Bradford.
Ilkley Trophy 2018: Men's draw announced
Jonathan's opening question was met with a bemused look from the world number three, who is fluent in English, before they replied 'where you from, buddy?'
When told the journalist had travelled from Yorkshire, the German continued: 'Love it. I don't understand a word you're saying. If they ever make a tournament there I'm coming just because of that accent.'
When Jonathan tried to turn the subject back to sport, telling the rising star 'you clearly love your tennis', Zverev responded 'not as much as your accent!'
Jonathan took the opportunity to cement the rapport by asking if they could ask more questions if Zverev reaches the final, where they are projected to meet defending champion Rafael Nadal.
Zverev assured them that they wouldn't be 'edged out' and could ask multiple questions.
The second seed, however, seemed unaware that the men's professional tour does include a tournament in Yorkshire - and it starts in just a fortnight's time.
The second-tier ATP Challenger circuit Ilkley Trophy is a Wimbledon warm-up event played on the grass courts at Ilkley Lawn Tennis and Squash Club from June 16-25.
The tournament tends to attract players ranked in the 80-150 range, while a player in the top 10, such as Zverev, can gain direct entry to the top-tier ATP events.
Ilkley tweeted Zverev after the humorous press conference to invite them to play the Trophy - only a day after confirming the 2018 men's draw - yet the German has already committed to playing a grass court warm-up on home soil at the Gerry Weber Open in Halle ahead of Wimbledon.
Watch the full video here
President Donald Trump should have quickly come out after a woman was killed in Charlottesville and condemned white supremacists, Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker said Monday.
"I think they should've come out and said what everybody else was thinking and believing shortly after the incident that occurred in Charlottesville, which is: White supremacists have no business and no place in American political dialogue. Period. End of discussion. Case closed," Baker told reporters at a press conference on Boston City Hall Plaza.
The press conference was aimed at addressing a potential rally next Saturday in Boston. Organizers of the Boston rally said they are not linked with the white supremacists who rallied in Charlottesville and clashed with counter-protesters.
Organizers tweet Boston 'Free Speech Rally' canceled; Mayor Marty Walsh says, 'Boston does not want you here'
A woman was killed after a car plowed into a crowd of counter-protesters. Separately, two troopers were killed after their helicopter crashed amid the protests.
In a statement after the violence on Saturday in Charlottesville, Trump vaguely criticized "many sides" for the clashes. Their statement drew bipartisan outcry, and on Monday Trump called racism "evil" and they condemned white supremacists, the KKK and neo-Nazis.
When a reporter noted that it took the president took two days to single out white supremacists and neo-Nazis, Baker said they have called out Trump when he's disagreed with the president, a fellow Republican.
"I'm a Republican and I've been a Republican for a long time," Baker said.
"And I've got no problem with that because I believe that my Republican Party stands for freedom and opportunity, and a big tent, and collaboration, and I think every single day on Beacon Hill our administration works to deliver on that particular brand of Republicanism," Baker continued.
Asked if Trump is still fit to serve as president, Baker said, "Look, I made my decision clear about that one last fall."
Baker blanked the presidential ballot in November 2016, after months of questioning Trump's temperament and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's trustworthiness.
When a voice in the crowd at the Boston City Hall plaza press conference asked Baker whether they would attend a potential counter-protest on Saturday, Baker said, "First of all, why don't we call it a unity rally instead of a counter-protest? I think I would like that better. I guess what I would say is I actually don't know what's on my calendar Saturday but if I can come, I will come."
President Trump calls KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists 'thugs' in White House press conference
Beijing
The Chinese currency, the renminbi or the yuan, continued to strengthen against the greenback Friday due to a weak U.S. dollar and improved confidence on the Chinese economy.
The yuan's central parity rate appreciated 160 basis points to 6.2885 against the U.S. dollar, the strongest in around two years and a half, according to the China Foreign Exchange Trade System.
On onshore and offshore markets, the currency also surged. Analysts attributed the strong performance to slips in the U.S. dollars. The dollar index, a gauge that measures the U.S. currency's strength against six other major currencies, has declined over 5 percent since December.
The index will more likely continue the losing streak as macro economy and policy factors are expected to restrain the strength of the U.S. dollar, ICBC International economist Cheng Shi said in a report.
Meanwhile, global investors have become more optimistic about China's economic outlook. The country's GDP expanded 6.9 percent last year, picking up for the first time in seven years and well above the government's annual target of around 6.5 percent.
In China's spot foreign exchange market, the yuan is allowed to rise or fall by 2 percent from the central parity rate each trading day.
The central parity rate of the yuan against the U.S. dollar is based on a weighted average of prices offered by market makers before the opening of the interbank market each business day.—APP
The official poster image of Ahn Cheol-soo
(Captured from the Moon Jae-in First Street website www.moon1st.com)
Facing a tight timeline leading up to the May 9 earlier-than-planned presidential election, candidates apparently felt the need to break out of the conventional campaign format so as to captivate the attention of voters.Competition is underway to make headlines, go viral on the internet, appeal to young voters and to mark oneself from the unpopular former administration. It is especially intense between the two front-runners, Moon Jae-in of the Democratic Party of Korea and Ahn Cheol-soo of the People's Party.It was Ahn who rose to the spotlight upon the start of the electioneering period Monday.His official poster image, released the previous day, featured the candidate holding up both of their arms at one of the party's conventions, without the party's name or any other information.Even Ahn's candidate number and name were synthesized in the background, as if these elements were part of a banner, not official copy.This “snap shot” poster immediately triggered responses -- both approval and disapproval -- not only for its unconventional format but also for its involvement of a renowned advertisement designer.“The official poster image of a candidate often offers us enough information on their or their personality or blueprint for future state management,” said designer Lee Je-suk in a radio interview with SBS on Tuesday.“We need to make bold attempts so as to make changes and developments in our society.”The award-winning designer, however, also explained that their role in Ahn's poster was mere consultation, claiming that they were not involved in the actual production.Even Moon's chief publicist offered some favorable comments on the rival's move.“When I saw Ahn's poster design, I instantly felt the touch of an expert,” Sohn Hye-won, a designer-turned-lawmaker leading Moon's public relations, wrote on their Facebook account.She did, however, highlight the “awkwardness” of the photomontage, apparently alluding to Moon's poster, which had been made without using any photo retouching tools.The concept of Moon's poster image, according to their camp, is to reveal the real person that they are by showing their grey hair and wrinkles.“An unchanging principle of brand marketing is that the public is never impressed with something fake,” Sohn said.In Moon's camp, the most conspicuous design-based promotion tool was Moon's 1st Street, a mock shopping mall website which parodies the online shopping mall 11st Street.Visitors may express support for any of the candidate's policies by clicking on the corresponding posting, upon which a pop-up message is to appear saying that “the given pledge will be fully delivered on May 9.”“This is the first-ever policy shopping mall and we welcome all impulsive purchasing” Moon's camp stated on its official social media accounts.By Bae Hyun-jung ( tellme@heraldcorp.com
Islamabad
National Assembly Standing Committee on Railways said that some officials of Railways are involved in the encroachment of Railways land in the different cities of the country including Sakhar, Multan, Peshawar and other areas of the country.
The NA body meeting held here on Monday, Ramesh Lad Chaired the meeting while MNAs including Sardar Muhammad Irfan Dogar, Rana Zahid Hussain Khan, Rasheed Ahmed Khan, Phyllis Azeem, Dr Nisar Ahmed Jatt, Amjad Ali Khan, Sheikh Rasheed Ahmed, Naseema Hafeez Panezai and officials of Ministry of Raiwasy were attended the meeting.
The Committee said that without the involvement of the official the land grabber could not encroach the land of Railways. Showing concern over not taking action on the recommendation of committee, Chairman Committee said that Railways official are not serious to revamp the institution for the development. Secretary Railways ensured the committee that Railway department is proving the land for green area in the different areas of the country, in this regard process is under way for the negotiation with the local administration of the areas.
NA body appreciated the good work of Rawalpindi Railways department for the improving and developing the institution. NA body said that after the consultation of Chairman of the Committee Syed Naveed Qamar, the meeting of the committee would be held at Karachi to resource the long pending issue of Railways. The committee invited the Divisional Superintendent of Railways including Peshawar, Sakhar and Multan in its next meeting.—APP
There is more to the Old Fort's siege weekend than cannon blasts and the smell of gun powder.
Hundreds of history buffs travelled to Fort Erie from many parts of the U.S. and Canada to play a role in battles and demonstrations on Saturday and Sunday but there's another important community of people who participate in-character each year.
There are merchants, tradespeople and other historic occupations depicted by people offering a number of goods and services.
One of them is Terry Sanderson, an Oakville resident who is a leather worker that makes belts and other accessories that would have been worn and used by both civilians and military personnel.
Their hobby started 34 years ago with a focus on the French and Indian War but for the last 15 years they have primarily paid the most attention to the fine details of the War of 1812.
“There's a lot of research done trying to find the right colours and patterns,” said Sanderson, who started their craft through their brother's interest in military uniforms and regalia.
“It just evolved from there into this little hobby-business,” they said.
Across the way from Sanderson at the Old Fort on the weekend was The Elegant Thimble, a collective of three women from the Kitchener and Chatham-Kent areas who make period clothing that females during the early 19th century would have been seen in.
Working together for close to 15 years, the trio says they probably have 100 years of research experience altogether – which includes trips to historical sites and a lot of books.
“It's years of museum visits and our book collections could sink homes,” said Dawn Luckham, standing with their colleagues Charlene Roberts and Lisa Gilbert.
One of the biggest challenges with their work is that there isn't a lot of documentation or evidence on what women wore more than 200 years ago.
“We try to be as accurate as possible and also educate the public,” said Gilbert.
It also helps exercise both sides of the brain.
“For me, it satisfies the creative seamstress side of me – but also the intellectual researcher side of me,” they said.
All three said they love coming to the annual weekend in Fort Erie to enjoy the family atmosphere and comradery that exists in the re-enactment community but are also proud to offer some variety for those in attendance.
“A lot of it is about men – but there are a lot of women that come out too and we're glad to provide something for them,” said Gilbert.
manager Jose Mourinho has urged Manchester United to produce a performance today befitting the style of the Busby Babes.
Next Tuesday is the 60th anniversary of the Munich air disaster that claimed 23 lives, including eight players, as Sir Matt Busby's side returned from a European Cup tie.
A minute's silence will be held before kick-off against Huddersfield Town, while the players will wear black armbands.
Fans will also congregate outside the Munich plaque on the Old Trafford forecourt from 1.30pm to pay their respects in what has become an annual event at the fixture closest to February 6.
“This is something that was part of my life, or part of my football culture, before I become Manchester United manager,” said Mourinho. “And why? Because it was such a tragedy that stayed in these last 60 years. So, as Manchester United manager, obviously it means much more.
“But I think it belongs to every sportsman as one of the biggest tragedies.
“At the same time, it is also a crucial point in Manchester United's history – the reaction, the strength, the union after that situation.
“And I think it will be an amazing day to show the respect, to show the passion for the club, the respect for them, the respect for their families and I think it is a day to play well.
“I think it is a day to bring happiness, to bring joy, for people to be together, enjoying their colours, and at the same time with showing all the respect for the people and their families.”
Supporters attending today's league encounter, which will see Huddersfield bid to become the first newly promoted club to do the double over the Red Devils since the advent of the Premier League era in 1992, will receive a commemorative pack containing a limited-edition book about the disaster, along with a complimentary copy of the matchday programme.
Around 2,000 fans are heading to Munich to pay their respects on Tuesday, while a commemorative service is also scheduled to take place inside Old Trafford.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kieran Hayler could be exposing a whole lot more of themselves this summer - as he's reportedly in line to sign up for Celebrity Big Brother 2018.
The third husband of Katie Price, whose marriage has just ended thanks to their repeated cheating, is thought to be on Channel 5's most-wanted list of celebrities to go into the house in the upcoming series.
And with a brand-new theme of retribution, it could be the perfect opportunity for ex-stripper Kieran to get all their sins off their chest - as the producers reportedly want to turn the series into a group therapy session, hot on the heels of their successful women-only theme in the last season.
"In January the theme did really well and now they think the idea of retribution could be a ratings winner," an insider told the Sun.
(Image: WireImage)
"They're still mulling over ideas but this series will be like an extreme therapy session. Everyone goes into the house will have done something they regret in the past.
"There will be scandals and stories they have read about and they'll get to hear a completely fresh and different side in the house."
The insider added: "Going on the show will be their way of showing they're ready to change their ways and that they regret what they did.
"In terms of how it's going to come across on screen, it should be absolutely unmissable viewing."
(Image: Instagram/officialkatieprice)
Question is, would CBB winner Katie allow their estranged ex to sign for for such a potentially embarrassing show? She's been very much controlling the narrative since splitting from Kieran after they cheated on them with their children's nanny.
And, since their breakup, Katie's been quick to show Kieran he's totally replaceable by taking up with toyboy lover Kris Boyson, who at 29 is 11 years their junior.
She's already met their mum Shannon, who didn't seem too fussed that their reality star wannabe son was dating the mum of five.
"I have met Katie. They seem a nice enough girl. It's their life," they said last week.
"Let them do what they want to do.  They are a personal trainer but I'm not aware he's training her."
(Image: Instagram)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It came after Katie confirmed Kieran had moved out of the marital home after they were spotted slinking to their car carrying bin bags stuffed full of clothes.
And Kris - who they spent their 40th birthday in Bruges with - is apparently keen to become the new Mr Price.
"Kris loves the limelight and being linked to Katie is really good for him. They love thinking he's a celeb so this is right up their street," a source told the Sun.
"They had a great time together in Bruges - they like them because he's carefree and they can be wild.
"He'll do whatever Katie wants them to do. They want to be their boyfriend. And it's great for their ego - they will boast about this one forever."
Workouts For Skinny Guys
The Ultimate Muscle-Building Workout Routine For Skinny Guys
If hitting the gym on the regular isn't resulting in the swelling silhouette you envisioned, you may not be sending your muscles the right message. Key variables in your training — sets, reps, weight, rest — determine the outcome of your efforts, so it's important to ensure those factors are aligned towards your goal.
Here, created using a combination of high volume, varying weight, and controlled rest periods, you'll find a simple and effective muscle-building workout plan, designed to pack mass onto your entire body. “For the skinny dude, this is a great workout to put on some serious muscle,” says celebrity trainer and elite endurance athlete Alex Isaly, the architect behind this bulk-up blueprint.
The workouts in this program are programmed to increase muscle size and strength using a popular muscle-building methodology called “drop sets.” Unlike regular sets, which follow a uniform rep scheme (e.g. three sets of 10 reps), drop sets decrease in reps as you go (e.g. three sets: 12, 10, 8 reps, and so on).
“The added stress on the muscles amplifies muscle growth, Isaly says. “Drop sets activate the deepest muscle fibers, leading to maximum growth.”
The three workouts in this program can be used as standalone sessions to target specific muscle groups, or performed consecutively (and yes, repeatedly) with 1–2 rest days between workouts as an ongoing full-body workout plan.
How It Works
Find yourself a bench and grab three sets of dumbbells — that's all you'll ever need for any workout in this plan. You want to be able to do no more than 12 reps of a given exercise with your heaviest pair of dumbbells. “Each set of weights should be heavy enough to take you to failure on the last couple of reps,” Isaly says.
Rest for 2 minutes between sets and 3 minutes between exercises.
The Workouts
Function: Muscle growth, strength
Modality: Drop sets
Intensity: Medium to high
Level: Intermediate to advanced
Target: Full body Equipment:
Dumbbells, adjustable bench
Workout 1: Chest, Shoulders, Triceps
Workout 2: Back, Biceps, Abs
Workout 3: Legs
Day 1: Chest, Shoulders, and Triceps
Block 1: Chest
Decline Bench Press (12, 10, 8)
Flat Bench Press (12, 10, 8)
Incline Bench Press (12, 10, 8)
Flat Bench Fly (12, 10, 8)
Incline Bench Fly (12, 10, 8)
Block 2: Shoulders
Front Raise (12, 10, 8)
Seated Lateral Raise (12, 10, 8)
Seated Rear Delt Fly (12, 10, 8)
Seated Overhead Press (12, 10, 8)
Block 3: Triceps
Seated Single-Arm Triceps Extension (12, 10, 8)
Skullcrushers (12, 10, 8)
Bodyweight Dips (Until failure)
Day 2: Back, Biceps, and Abs
Block 1: Back
Bent-over Reverse Fly (12, 10, 8)
Single-Arm Dumbbell Row (12, 10, 8)
Wide-Grip Pullups (Until failure)
Supermans (Until failure)
Block 2: Biceps
Incline Bench Bicep Curls (12, 10, 8)
Cross-body Hammer Curls (12, 10, 8)
Block 3: Abs
Russian Dumbbell Twist (15, 15)
Dumbbell Crunch (15, 15)
Dumbbell Toe Touch (15, 15)
Day 3: Legs
The federal government says the whistle-blower that provided information which led to the recovery of N13bn in Ikoyi will get their commission this week. It was gathered that the whistle-blower will be paid N421,330,595.
According to reports, the Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun, has directed the release of the money. "The money for the payment of the Ikoyi whistle-blower is ready and that money is ready for release this week,” a source in the ministry said.
Since Nick Saban took over at Alabama, the Crimson Tide is 83-14 against the Southeastern Conference with five conference titles and six appearances in the national championship game with five national titles.
But it's never enough. It is just never enough.
Saban feels Alabama is at something of a disadvantage in the College Football Playoff rankings because SEC teams only play eight conference games, while some other leagues, like the Big 12, play nine. This, Saban says, gives SEC teams a weaker schedule, unless they manage to make up for it with a marquee non-conference game. That's easier for some teams than others.
“I wish we would play more conference games” – Nick Saban says they are in favor of a 9 game SEC schedule because it will enhance strength of schedule in the @CFBPlayoff committee meetings. pic.twitter.com/XTjPJXm3wx — Paul Finebaum (@finebaum) May 29, 2018
As a college football fan who doesn't much care what happens to Alabama one way or another, my preference would be for Alabama to do as it has many times in recent years, and play high-profile non-conference games against schools like Florida State (2017), USC (2016) and Wisconsin (2015). I don't need to see Alabama play South Carolina or Vanderbilt, really, ever. I'd be more interested in seeing the Tide roll into, say, Ann Arbor — or Lincoln, for that matter.
Alas, this is where my interests and Saban's diverge.
When you're gobbling up a conference the way Saban has the SEC — just three SEC teams have beaten Saban more than once — there's no reason not to ask for another round. Sure, throw another game against Tennessee (11-0) in there. Have another serving of Arkansas (11-0).
What's the worst that could happen?
KENNESAW, Ga. — James Scott hit 5 3-pointers and totalled 30 points as Kennesaw State picked up its second win over USC Upstate in eight days, this time posting a 93-69 rout in the Atlantic Sun Conference rematch on Saturday.
A week ago Anthony Wilson hit the game-winner with 1.4 seconds left for an 81-80 win at Spartanburg.
The Spartans led at intermission, 37-36 after Deion Holmes scored on a layup with :02 left. Mike Cunningham scored at the basket for a 44-43 USC Upstate lead three minutes into the second half, but the Owls responded with a 13-0 run fueled by a Jordan Jones dunk that put Kennesaw State up by 12, 56-44.
Nick Masterson finished with 17 points for the Owls (7-17, 3-6), with Tyler Hooker adding 14.
4 current cricketers who could break Aaron Finch's record of the highest individual score
Kaushik FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 2.43K // 04 Jul 2018, 15:35 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The right-hander smashed 16 fours and 10 sixes against Zimbabwe
Australian opening batsman, Aaron Finch, smashed the Zimbabwe bowlers to all the parts of the Harare Sports Club as they delivered an exquisite display of fierce hitting on Tuesday (July 04). They coupled brute force with exemplary skills so as to manoeuvre the ball expertly through the gaps, muscling their way to a record-breaking 172 off just 76 balls.
Finch was also involved in a record opening partnership of 223 runs with Big Bash sensation, D'Arcy Short, which is now the highest in T20 international cricket for any wicket. hosts Zimbabwe looked no match for the mighty Kangaroos, as they succumbed to a 100-run defeat despite getting off to a flyer in the second innings of the game.
Finch was in utmost control of the game and looked solid throughout, smashing a total of 16 fours and 10 sixes in their flabbergasting innings. They bettered their own previous record in the format, which came back in 2013, when they had scored 156 against England.
The right-hander missed out on becoming highest individual scorer across T20 cricket by a slim margin of 3 runs. Chris Gayle's innings of unbeaten 175 runs that hit for RCB in the 2013 edition of IPL against Pune Warriors India remains at the top of the list. Ironically, it was Finch who lead the hapless PWI side that was taken to the cleaners by Gayle in that splendid innings.
Though it might sound unlikely at the moment, a number of current international batsmen have the ability to go one step ahead of these innings from the Australian. Here is the list of four players who could give Finch's record a run for its money.
Note: All stats are accurate as of 3rd July 2018
#4 Martin Guptill
Guptill is one of the few batsmen who has scored 200 in the ODI format
Currently, the highest international run-scorer in the shortest format of the game, Martin Guptill packs the ability to steer past Finch's record of 172. In a T20I career that has spanned over 9 years, Guptill has scored a couple of centuries and 14 half-centuries to date.
The Kiwi opener is someone who plays straight batted shots with an exemplary degree of perfection. This continues to be their prime strength in the limited overs cricket, making them a great stroke-maker at the top of the order. When in flow, they become unstoppable and can take on any bowling attack, right from the word go.
The right-handed batsman is ranked 6th in the current T20I rankings.
With the knack of batting across all the innings, Guptill surely is a contender of breaking Finch's stupendous record. Their ability to play with hard hands, coupled with their rich experience in the format, makes them a player to watch out for in T20 cricket.
DETROIT — The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a federal lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence.
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive, a G League affiliate of the Pistons. They collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants, along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena. Jewel Upshaw, the player's mother, is the plaintiff, both individually and on behalf of Zeke Upshaw's estate.
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion.
"Remarkably, for much longer than four full minutes, no cardio-pulmonary resuscitation (CPR) was initiated, no chest compressions were started, no oxygen mask was placed on their nose and mouth, no airway was cleared and secured, and no defibrillator sensors and electric delivery patches were attached and secured to Zeke's chest," the suit says.
The suit also says the defendants failed to provide the G League team "the resources, policies, and procedures reasonably necessary" to prevent or handle Upshaw's collapse.
The NBA, the Pistons and the Drive did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Upshaw started their college basketball career at Illinois State. They graduated with a degree in apparel, merchandising and design. The Chicago native then transferred to Hofstra, where they played in 2013-14. Upshaw was undrafted and played internationally in Slovenia and Luxembourg. They spent most of the last two seasons with the Drive.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Families in Bristol are feeling the squeeze as petrol prices continue to rise above £1.20 per litre.
Organisations are now calling for fuel price cuts as millions are squeezed at the forecourt and petrol prices are at a two year high and in the last two months.
These are the five cheapest forecourts in Bristol, according to petrolprices.com :
Asda in Oatlands Avenue, Whitchurch – £1.197
Asda in Coronation Road, Bedminster – £1.207
Asda in Whiteladies Road, Clifton – £1.207
Morrisons in Symes Avenue, Hartcliffe – £1.207
Asda in Craven Way, Longwell Green – £1.207
(Image: petrolprices.com)
And for diesel:
Asda in Coronation Road, Bedminster – £1.227
Asda in Whiteladies Road, Clifton – £1.227
Asda in Oatlands Avenue, Whitchurch – £1.227
Asda in Craven Way, Longwell Green – £1.227
Esso in Hengrove Way, Hengrove – £1.229
Reports: Barcelona star desperate to leave for European giants
Juventus is the latest to make a ?40 million bids
@sunaadh by Sunaadh Sagar News 14 Aug 2017, 17:59 IST
Ernesto Valverde could have a tough time dealing with the loss of Sergi Roberto
What's the story?
Sergi Roberto is on the verge of an exit from Barcelona, with Manchester United, Juventus and Chelsea keen on the 25-year-old, according to multiple reports in England and Spain. The Spaniard's relationship with the Barcelona board has broken down completely, after their purchase of Paulinho, as the Barça youth product had been assured of a role in their favoured midfield position following multiple years as a right-back. Roberto has a release clause of €40 million - that United, Chelsea and Juventus are willing to pay, with the player reportedly in talks over their salary at my moment.
Also Read: 5 players who made their mark as a teenager at Barcelona
In case you didn't know...
Sergi Roberto came through the ranks at Barcelona, with Pep Guardiola giving the then 18-year-old their debut in the 2010/11 season. Since then Roberto's versatility has seen them play in a variety of positions in defence, midfield and attack, although he's found regular first-team action hard to come by. The Spaniard filled in at right-back for the majority of the season last year, bringing their Barça appearance tally 154 games, scoring only 6 times for the club, the most memorable one obviously being their injury time winner against Paris St-Germain to complete the 6-1 comeback.
The heart of the matter
Barcelona's purchase of Paulinho has generated derision from a fair amount of supporters, and their displeasure is likely to be compounded by the departure of a youth product who became a fan-favourite.
Also Read: Sergi Roberto says Lionel Messi is light years ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo
Chelsea and Manchester United have been contacted by the player's entourage, according to multiple reports in Spain, with Juventus also contacting the midfielder, offering guarantees of playing time in the middle of the park, now that Mario Lemina has left the club.
If Roberto decides to move to England, Chelsea are apparently their preferred destination, as former teammates Cesc Fabregas and Pedro are already at the club, not to mention that Nemanja Matic's departure has created a gap in the squad.
Video:
Author's Take:
Receiving €40 million for Sergi Roberto, could effectively cancel out Paulinho's signing in a monetary sense, but Barcelona may not exactly be getting the better of the deals. The Blaugrana have an election coming up soon, and Josep Bartomeu could very well find themselves ousted having let fan-favourites leave.
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) - A Pennsylvania man who repeatedly stabbed a woman in an Atlantic City casino parking garage last year has pleaded guilty to attempted murder.
David Legette entered their plea Tuesday as part of a deal with Atlantic County prosecutors. The 54-year-old Bristol Township man faces a 16-year state prison term when he's sentenced July 20.
Authorities say the victim had an active restraining order against Legette when the attack occurred July 2. Prosecutors say Legette stabbed their 19 times, then locked the car doors so they couldn't escape.
As Legette drove in nearby Ventnor, the woman reached out of the window and opened the door from the outside. They then rolled themselves out of the car and landed in the middle of the road as Legette drove off. They survived the ordeal.
The Show:Riverdale, Season 1, Episode 2
The Moment: The pep rally
A student has died, but the pep rally goes on, led by the dead student's twin, Cheryl Blossom (Madelaine Petsch), queen beyotch. Archie (K.J. Apa), a hunky football star, spies their estranged emo pal Jughead (Cole Sprouse) by the bleachers. “I didn't mean all that crap I said to you,” Archie says. “I'm sorry.”
“It's cool,” Jughead shrugs. Then they grin. “We're not gonna hug in front of this whole town. So why don't we just do that bro thing where we nod like douches and mutually suppress our emotions.”
Josie (Ashleigh Murray) and the Pussycats, a trio who wear cat ears, begin singing, “Baby want your sugar I'm ready to get served,” and then segue into a hip-hop version of “Sugar, Sugar.” The marching band and cheerleaders — including Betty and Veronica (Lili Reinhart and Camila Mendes) join in.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 6:55 pm |
President Donald Trump speaks during a signing ceremony for the “Right to Try” Act, Wednesday. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
President Donald Trump signed legislation Wednesday aimed at helping people with deadly diseases try experimental treatments, calling it a “fundamental freedom” that will offer hope and save lives.
Joined by families dealing with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also called Lou Gehrig's disease, and other diseases, Trump signed the so-called Right to Try bill and said they never understood why the issue had lagged for years and Congress hadn't acted sooner.
“There were no options. But now you have hope — you really have hope,” Trump said. They noted that “for many years, patients, advocates and lawmakers have fought for this fundamental freedom.”
The bill cleared the House last week following an emotional debate in which Republicans said it would help thousands of people in search of hope. Many Democrats said the measure was dangerous and would give patients false hope.
As they distributed pens after signing the bill at a small table, 8-year-old Jordan McLinn of Indianapolis, who suffers from muscular dystrophy, waited to embrace the president, drawing laughter in the auditorium when they put their elbow on the table and held up their chin. Trump hugged McLinn and kissed them on the forehead. “He's going to be fantastic,” the president told McLinn's mother.
The president was joined by Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar, Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Scott Gottlieb and some of the bill's allies in Congress, including Sens. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) and Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.).
Trump had supported efforts to gain access to the treatments during their 2016 campaign. In their State of the Union address, the president said people who are terminally shouldn't have to travel “from country to seek a cure.”
The measure would give people diagnosed with life-threatening conditions who have exhausted treatment options the ability to gain access to unproven drugs without first getting permission from the FDA.
New drugs normally undergo years of expensive testing before manufacturers seek and gain FDA approval to market them.
Opponents of the bill said it would empower “fly-by-night physicians” to offer false hope and ineffective drugs to patients who are desperate for treatment. They also said that the bill created the incorrect impression that the FDA serves as a bottleneck that deprives dying patients of unproven options.
FDA figures show it approves 99 percent of the roughly 1,000 requests it receives from doctors annually for so-called “compassionate use” of such treatments. The process generally takes about four days, but permission can be granted immediately by phone in emergencies.
The bill was supported by the libertarian Goldwater Institute and the conservative Americans for Prosperity. The bill also offers some legal protections for pharmaceutical companies, doctors or others involved in providing the treatment.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British holidaymaker is in a "grave state" after they fell from a fifth floor balcony in Magaluf.
The 19-year-old had been partying with pals when they plunged 75-foot from the four-star Flamboyan Caribe Hotel, in Magaluf, Spain, in the early hours of this morning.
The holidaymaker - at first repored to be English but now understood to be from Wales - is thought to have fallen from a window in a hotel corridor.
A worker at a nearby kebab takeaway alerted the authorities.
Sources said they were “serious but conscious” when they were taken to Son Espases Hospital in Palma, the island capital.
Police said they are treating the incident as an accident.
(Image: SOLARPIX.COM)
A senior Civil Guard officer said: "He was not climbing on balcony railings or something similar. They fell from a window. Investigations are continuing."
Local reports said the group they were with - their girlfriend and other friends - had followed the ambulance that took them away in a taxi.
Nobody from the hospital was available for comment this morning.
Two Brits have already died in falls in Magaluf this year.
On June 3, Welshman Tom Hughes, 20, passed away after plunging to the ground at the Eden Roc apartments.
 They are thought to have mistaken the complex for the hotel they were staying in.
And in April, bar worker Natalie Cormack, from Scotland, died at the same block of flats.
They had been trying to edge their way along an overhang around a locked entrance door after they discovered they didn't have keys to get in.
They plunged the equivalent of seven floors.
A glass panel has since been erected at the spot where they died in a bid to avoid a fresh tragedy.
Positive self-esteem is something that gives us the strength to take charge of our lives and feel good about ourselves. The mind plays a disproportionate role in our lives and how it feels can drive how the body ends up feeling. Thus, from borderline personality disorders to depression, there are many disorders that could affect people with low self-esteem.
We as doctors do counsel people to think highly of themselves, without bothering about "frivolous aspects" like looks. But man is a social animal and the way people respond and react to us can drive our self-esteem and our perceptions of our value. So, while counseling is considered to be the first resort for all such conditions, this may not be a long-term solution, especially for those whose faces have undergone radical changes with age or those who have had debilitating disease and accidents destroy their face and their looks. It has been clinically proven that medical interventions can go a long way in making victims of such disorders feel empowered and more confident about themselves.
Does looking good make patients feel better?
In a study conducted on patients who battle with their personal insecurities revolving around their physical appearances, reports indicated a great deal of positive change in them psychologically, once they looked fresher and more rejuvenated physically. Such patients often reported deteriorating health, which was co-related to their low self-esteem. The results, interestingly, showed amazing results on their health, after cosmetic interventions to make them look better. Patients have felt "better" and less depressed over the course of months after their treatment. They felt confident not only about the "corrected" face but also about their personality as a whole. Patients, who have chosen to go for treatment, as opposed to the ones that decided not to, have claimed this has "enriched" their lives.
Is looking good and having confidence all about vanity then? I don't think so.
The increasing preference for non-surgical treatment has accounted for a 64 per cent market share and is expected to grow further by 2020. The growing market is because of the growing importance of facial aesthetics. Cosmetic surgery is slowly gaining popularity among the male population as well, and this is expected to intensify in the coming years. There has been a considerable increase in both surgical and nonsurgical procedures performed over the past five years. According to a recent study, approximately 70 per cent of men has shown a great deal of interest in cosmetic procedures, wherein a balanced nose, face rejuvenation, hair transplants and many other such procedures are commonly preferred by men.
The medical community is conducting more research on the subject to understand how face treatments like facelift could be leveraged to enhance people's morale, confidence and consequently their overall health. Cosmetic interventions intended to boost one's self-esteem and improving the perception of one's body image could be opted by those who would like to find a permanent solution to their emotional insecurities, pertaining to confidence. Facial Plastic Surgery can definitely make a huge difference for people, as "We treat the face, but ultimately impact the brain".
OTTAWA — The national unemployment rate was 6.2 per cent in September. Statistics Canada also released seasonally adjusted, three-month moving average unemployment rates for major cities. It cautions, however, that the figures may fluctuate widely because they are based on small statistical samples. Here are the jobless rates last month by city (previous month in brackets):
— St. John's, N.L. 8.9 per cent (8.4)
— Halifax 7.2 (7.1)
— Moncton, N.B. 5.6 (5.1)
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 7:34 am |
Loaded trucks are seen crossing the friendship bridge connecting China and North Korea in Dandong, a Chinese border city, opposite the North Korean town of Sinuiju, in this file photo. (Chinatopix via AP)
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's Commerce Ministry issued a ban effective from Tuesday on several imports from North Korea, including coal, iron ore, lead concentrates and ore, lead and seafood, a move that is in line with U.N. sanctions announced this month.
Beijing issued the banning order on Monday.
U.N. sanctions must be implemented 30 days after the resolution was approved in a vote on Aug. 6.
The Chinese government said any cargoes already on their way to China would be cleared by customs as usual before the U.N. sanctions deadline.
Though Carlyle and General Atlantic were in the race for Pepe since beginning, Advent joined a couple of weeks ago. Photo: Reuters
Mumbai/New Delhi: Three US-based private equity funds—Advent International, The Carlyle Group and General Atlantic Llc (GA)— have been shortlisted to acquire a controlling stake in the Indian arm of Pepe Jeans, two people aware of the development said.
Though Carlyle and GA were in the race since beginning, Advent joined a couple of weeks ago, said the first person on condition of anonymity. Earlier, global fund KKR & Co. and home grown PE fund Everstone Capital Advisors Pvt. Ltd were also in discussions to acquire the majority stake in Pepe Jeans, said the second person.
The parent company of Pepe Jeans India which is looking for a valuation of Rs2,000 crore for the Indian business, had hired Kotak Investment Bank to advise on the deal.
In 2015, L Capital Asia (now L Catterton Asia), the Asian private equity fund of luxury brands group Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA (LVMH), and Lebanese investment firm M1 Group had acquired a majority stake in Pepe Jeans Group from Torreal SA, Artá Capital and L Capital Europe.
Graphic: Vipul Sharma/Mint
The group includes Pepe Jeans London, which accounts for 70% of group sales, and the Hackett brand, which accounts for the remaining business. A Carlyle spokesperson declined to comment while mails sent to GA, Advent spokespersons went unanswered. Pepe Jeans India CEO Kavindra Mishra did not respond to calls seeking comment. LVMH did not respond to a Mint query till press time.
Pepe Jeans India is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pepe Jeans Group which is headquartered in Barcelona, Spain. Pepe Jeans was originally founded by three Indians—Arun, Nitin and Milan Shah in London in 1973 as a weekend stall denim brand. In February 2015, LVMH and Lebanese group M1 bought a majority stake in Pepe Jeans.
Pepe Jeans India had a turnover of Rs424 crore (in wholesale price) in fiscal year ended 31 March 2016. Retail value of Pepe Jeans India is pegged at Rs800 crore.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 4:31 pm |
A used-car lot in Hawthorne, Calif. (Gary Friedman/Los Angeles Times/TNS)
SAN FRANCISCO (Los Angeles Times/TNS) - Looking for a deal on a used car? Now's a good time to buy.
After years of climbing higher, used-car prices have been heading down. This year, used-car prices declined about 4 percent on average compared with in 2015, and the trend may continue for another year or two, industry watchers said.
“This is the first material decline we've seen since the recession,” said Jonathan Banks, an analyst at J.D. Power.
The company's Used Car Guide looks at the prices of pre-owned cars up to eight years old. This year, when it tracked the prices of 2008-16 model year cars, it found that prices had fallen in 14 out of 16 categories when compared with 2015, when the guide tracked the prices of 2007-15 model year cars.
In the two other categories — mainstream midsize vans and mainstream large utility vehicles — there was no change.
The reason for the price drops? Simple supply and demand, with heavy emphasis on the “supply” side. Used cars and trucks are flooding the market, for two big reasons.
First, when the recession hit in 2008, new-car sales were hit hard. Consumers held on to their cars longer, and as a result, fewer cars trickled down into the used-car market. Continuing demand for used cars pushed prices higher. Now that dynamic has reversed.
Second, auto companies have pushed low-monthly-payment auto leasing in a big way. Leasing accounted for about 20 percent of the new-car market in 2011; now, it's approaching 35 percent, according to Experian Automotive.
Leases typically run one to three years, after which the vehicles are returned and resold. More cars and trucks coming off lease means more late-model vehicles available for sale on used-car lots: 3.1 million of them this year, about 570,000 more than in 2015, according to Manheim Consulting.
Prices fell more dramatically for cars than they did for sport utility vehicles and trucks — subcompact cars most of all, according to J.D. Power's used-car guide. That means if you want a smaller car, you'll find good deals.
That reflects American drivers' growing preference for larger vehicles. Car shoppers — luxury and mainstream alike — have been shifting to roomier crossovers, SUVs and pickup trucks for years as gas prices have fallen.
The bottom line: “If you're buying a car and have a full-size truck to trade in, you're in great shape,” Banks said.
That's half a joke, because while it's true, the profile fits few buyers.
They expect the aversion to coupes and sedans to continue, even if gasoline prices rise again, because most crossovers are available with fuel-efficient powertrains.
For 10 years, Terry Carnes Sowka has been driving a 2002 Toyota Sienna minivan that they bought used. Now that their three kids are grown and out of the house, the Indianapolis database manager is looking for a replacement vehicle and sees better value in used cars.
She's heard that sedans are a good deal right now, “and I could probably get a used Toyota Camry. They're comfortable and pretty reliable.”
But like so many others, she's drawn to the crossover category and is leaning toward a Honda CR-V.
“I do like being high up off the road compared to a sedan-level car,” they said. And she's been told that not all SUVs “ride like a truck” anymore.
She'll pay a bit of a premium for a Honda, but not as much as in recent years.
“You're always going to have a Honda or a Toyota decline less than a Chrysler or a Chevy,” Banks, the J.D. Power analyst, said. “But prices are declining across the board.”
Another factor that is spurring car sales, both used and new: easy credit at low rates.
The finance picture “is great for consumers, great for dealers, and, since people are paying their bills, great for lenders,” said Tom Webb, chief economist at Manheim Consulting.
That picture could change if interest rates continue to rise. But it's not a near-term issue. Analysts expect used-car prices to continue declining for at least a couple of years, as more leased vehicles flow into the market.
So, while there are plenty of good used-vehicle deals to be had, there's no need to rush.
“It's a great time to buy used,” said Tim Fleming, an analyst at Kelley Blue Book. “And it's only going to get better.”
I'm not going to quote their website here. It is filth aimed at the victim. Their claim is they were a useless drain on society because their only purpose was to bear white children and they were childless. They were also demonstrating against white men, so they deserved to die.
FHSU University Relations and Marketing
The fifth annual 5K “Run/Walk to Help Children Talk” will be on Saturday, April 29, hosted by Fort Hays State University's Herndon Speech-Language-Hearing Clinic in partnership with the National Student Speech-Language-Hearing Association.
Registration begins at 10:30 a.m. at the north end of the FHSU Quad between Rarick and Martin Allen halls. A one-mile walk will be available for participants not wanting to run in the 5K.
The race will start at 11 a.m., and lunch will be served after.
Proceeds will go toward scholarships for children's services and clinic materials. The Herndon Clinic is part of the university's Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders.
All ages are welcome. Children are encouraged to attend, as the Delta Zeta sorority will have child-friendly games available.
“We hope that you will consider supporting children in need of speech-language services,” said Breanna Taylor, program specialist in the Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders. “There are many ways you can help.”
The early registration deadline is April 18. Registration is $15 for FHSU students, $20 for adults and $10 for children. After the early deadline, registration increases by $5. Registration includes lunch and a T-shirt.
For more information, visit www.fhsu.edu/commsciencesanddisorders/Run-Walk-To-Help-Children-Talk/ or contact Taylor at brtaylor2@fhsu.edu.
CHICAGO—Presented with the most clearly defined role of their short NBA career, Norm Powell is now firmly under pressure to produce.
By dealing away Terrence Ross to obtain much-needed front-court help — Serge Ibaka of the Magic — the Raptors have rolled the dice that Powell is ready to assume a hefty role as the primary back-court backup on the roster.
No longer just a spot starter who spends game after game buried on the bench when the full roster in intact, Powell needs to produce in a consistent role.
“I think Norm is ready for the opportunity,” Kyle Lowry said here Tuesday before the Raptors faced the Chicago Bulls. “He should be excited about the opportunity. He's proven they can play this game and they can help us. There are no excuses. They have to come out and do their thing and help us.”
Powell, in their second season with Toronto, has done an admirable job when he's been asked to fill in as a starter this season, averaging 14.7 points, 3.9 rebounds and almost 32 minutes in 14 games in that role. But he's also suffered through long bouts of inactivity when the roster was intact. Not having Ross in front of them removes that obstacle.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Brett Veach has made so many manoeuvrs involving draft picks since taking over as the Kansas City Chiefs' general manager that it's hard to believe he's never led an actual draft.
That changes this week.
The young front office boss, who took over when John Dorsey was let go last summer, heads into the three-day draft Thursday without a first-round pick. But Veach has one in the second round and two more in the third, giving them ample opportunity to shore up a leaky defence on an otherwise deep roster.
"I am looking forward to it. I've been working up to it, been doing this for 12 years," they said last week. "I've been going to the draft room for a long time. Certainly, it will be different as a GM. I am surrounded by a lot of great people and trust those guys."
The Chiefs clearly trust him. Dorsey did a good job of acquiring talent after taking over a 2-14 franchise, but their inability to manage the salary cap ultimately led to their ouster.
Veach has quickly balanced the books, using draft choices to help the process. They sent a fourth-round pick next year to Buffalo to grab middle linebacker Reggie Ragland, who started right away last season, and a fifth-rounder this year to Cleveland for swing offensive tackle Cam Erving.
Then, they dealt quarterback Alex Smith to Washington for cornerback Kendall Fuller and a third-round pick this year, and cornerback Marcus Peters and a sixth-round pick this year to the Los Angeles Rams for a fourth-round pick this year and a second-round selection next season.
Got all that?
The upshot is that, while nobody is quite sure what Veach will do when they run their own draft, the safe assumption is that they will move aggressively to nab a player they like.
"That's just kind of who I am. I have a group of guys up there who are worried that I'm going to be too aggressive," they said, "so I'm glad I have those guys. Everyone does this, and we've done this the last five years, you go through mock drafts just like you see online. We kind of just play that game ourselves in regards to what do we do if, or what about if this guy slides.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shoppers in Cabot Circus have the option of eating at a huge variety of restaurants ranging from Greek to Mexican cuisine.
From the all-you-can-eat gluttony of the newly-opened Casa Brasil to popular chains such as TGI Fridays and Five Guys, there's something to appeal to everyone.
A firm favourite for many is Wagamama, the nation-wide chain that serves traditional Asian dishes.
But visitors to the restaurant over the past few days hoping to enjoy its trademark ramen and katsu dishes have been turned away at the door.
And at a time when restaurants are closing all over the city for various reasons, they will no doubt have feared that Wagamama is the latest casualty.
However, there's no need to worry too much as it isn't a permanent closure – the restaurant is undergoing a refurbishment to improve the look of the interior.
A restaurant spokesperson said: “'Wagamama will be closed for refurbishment and will reopen for customers to enjoy with an updated and refreshed interior from Friday 9 February.
"As a brand, we stick to our core value of Kaizen, meaning good change in Japanese, which is at the heart of everything we do from our food and drink offering to our restaurants.
“And don't worry, while we are closed you can still get your Wagamama fix at our Clifton and Cribbs Causeway restaurants.”
Athletics: U.S. reclaim 4x400m title, more injury woe for Jamaica
by Reuters 14 Aug 2017, 09:14 IST
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – women's 4 x 400 metres relay final – London Stadium, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Quanera Hayes, Allyson Felix ,Shakima Wimbley and Phyllis Francis of the U.S. celebrate winning the gold medal. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez
By Christian Radnedge
LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic champions the United States reclaimed their women's 4x400m relay world title as Jamaica suffered more injury heartbreak in the final on Sunday.
Twenty four hours after Usain Bolt sensationally pulled up in their relay event, Anneisha McLaughlin-Whilby slowed down clutching their leg 20 metres into their second leg and went to ground, ending Jamaica's reign as world champions.
Jamaica had been in the lead, but American Allyson Felix surged clear of the field to open up a 15-metre gap which teammates Shakima Wimbley and Phyllis Francis extended to win gold in a world leading time of 3 minutes 19.02 seconds.
Felix strengthened their record as the most decorated athlete in World Championships history by winning their 11th gold to equal Bolt's haul. It was their 16th medal overall.
The 60,000 spectators inside the London Stadium were on their feet as Britain finished second in 3:25.00 to clinch silver. Poland came third in 3:25.41 to take bronze.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
ENTERTAINMENT
“Guardian: The Great and Lonely God” (tvN)
“Signal” (tvN)
“My Father is Strange” (KBS)
With each passing year, Korean TV dramas are creating bigger ripples around the globe.In 2014, “My Love From the Star,” featuring Kim Soo-hyun as a charming extraterrestrial and Jun Ji-hyun as a loveable actor, caused a sensation across Asia. In 2016, the military romance series “Descendants of the Sun,” starring Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo, swept fans in the region off their feet.Earlier this year, “Guardian: The Lonely and Great God” propelled its lead actor Gong Yoo to global fame, despite a de facto ban in China on entertainment from Korea.The Korea Herald asked experts for forecasts on the K-drama industry in the coming years. The consensus is that the scale of production will inevitably become larger and storylines more diverse.In terms of content, K-dramas originally rose to fame for their detailed depictions of family life and ideal love stories. Though topics are becoming increasingly diverse, experts predict these staples will remain fixtures of K-drama in the years to come.“Even if family structures are changing these days, the fantasy that family dramas offer will not wane,” said culture critic Jung Deok-hyun. “It's like how we thirst for the analog as we evolve deeper into the digital age.”Family dramas to come in the future will, however, have to accommodate to changes in the average Korean household, Jung added.Currently, TV dramas boasting the highest ratings in Korea continue to be weekend series aimed at middle-aged and elderly women, such as “My Father Is Strange” (27.9 percent of viewership) and “Band of Sisters” (17.6 percent of viewership), which focus on the dynamics of marriage and multigenerational households.Outside of Korea, romantic comedies such as “The Heirs” (2013), featuring billionaire high schoolers' entangled love lives, continue to draw in the bulk of younger viewers in their 20s and below.“Viewers are becoming more sophisticated,” said Park Hyun, CEO of global K-drama streaming site DramaFever. “The younger viewers who were with us nine years ago have now aged. They're savvy about Korean culture and access information quickly.”The streaming site, acquired by Warner Bros. last year, was the sole global platform to stream “Guardian: The Lonely and Great God.”Though the show is darker than a typical romantic comedy, intricately mixing drama and fantasy, it drew in fans.“It became our most-watched and re-watched Korean series,” Park said.Several recent K-dramas have been genre series, such as gripping investigative thrillers and time-traveling science-fiction.Thrillers such as “Signal,” “Tunnel” and most recently, “Stranger” have received rave reviews among viewers and critics alike.“‘Stranger' is the most outstanding result that inherits only the best of the Korean genre drama, which has undergone a long trial and error period,” drama critic and TV personality Heo Ji-woong wrote in a column this month, citing the history of past acclaimed genre dramas such as “Sign” (2011) and “Nine: Nine Time Travels” (2013).Starring Bae Doo-na and Jo Seung-woo, “Stranger” tells a well-constructed story of an unfeeling prosecutor and passionate police investigator.Heo went on to comment that the subtle tonal balance the drama achieves is “almost like a performance.”“It is not predictable, but it also appeals to the general public.”The show was the debut work of scriptwriter Lee Soo-yeon, spotlighted as a promising talent.The Korean brand of genre dramas is beginning to be recognized abroad as well. Scriptwriter Kim Eun-hee, who penned “Signal,” is writing a new drama series called “Kingdom,” to be produced by global streaming giant Netflix.Based on webtoon series “Land of the Gods,” “Kingdom” will combine a Joseon era setting and a modern concept of zombies. The series is to be helmed by director Kim Sung-hoon, who was behind “Tunnel” (2016).The boundaries between film and drama are increasingly becoming blurred in Korea, reflecting global trends.TvN series “Criminal Minds,” a remake of the American police procedural crime drama of the same name, kicked off last month with film director Yang Yoon-ho at the helm.Other filmmakers such as Jang Hang-joon, Hwang Ji-seung and Kwak Kyung-taeg have also jumped into TV in the past several years.“There is a demand for more epic, film-like scenes in Korean dramas,” said Jung Tae-won, CEO of Taewon Entertainment and producer of “Criminal Minds.”In 2014, film distributor Next Entertainment World participated in the production of “Descendants of the Sun.”“Overseas shooting know-how and making scenes on a larger, film-like scale created synergy,” a KBS official said.As K-dramas evolve in both cinematography and audience reach, viewers are thirsting for greater spectacles and higher quality scenes, experts say.By Rumy Doo ( doo@heraldcorp.com
This image from a tweet sent by the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi from August calls out an alleged embassy document as being fake news.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) - Just ahead of Kenya's disputed 2017 election, video clips started spreading on social media of a slick-looking CNN broadcast asserting that President Uhuru Kenyatta had pulled far ahead in the polls. But the CNN broadcast was fake, splicing together real coverage from CNN Philippines with other footage with the network's iconic red logo superimposed in the corner.
It happened with a BBC video, too, and with a photo purportedly of Kenyan security forces killing protesters that was actually from Tanzania, and with thousands of spurious blog posts and other false reports that flooded the popular messaging app WhatsApp, fueling further divisions and turmoil in an election that morphed into a major political crisis.
So the U.S. government is gearing up to fight fake news - not at home, where it's the subject of heated debate following the 2016 presidential campaign, but in Kenya, where America has sought to nurture a vibrant but volatile African democracy.
"Information is, of course, power, and frankly, fake news is a real danger," U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Robert Godec said in an interview, adding that it had eroded confidence in Kenya's real news media. "It's being weaponized. It's undermining democracy in Kenya."
Godec kicked off the awareness campaign this past week with an email to the 47,000 members of the State Department's Young African Leaders Initiative asking them to pledge to prevent the spread of fake media by pausing to verify the source and validity before passing information along to others through social media. For a while this week, the hashtag #StopReflectVerify was the No. 2 trending hashtag on Twitter in Kenya, where the U.S. Embassy pushed it to its 256,000 followers.
In addition to offering resources for discriminating between fact and fake, the campaign involves three-day training sessions for public affairs officials in Kenya's counties, encouraging local governments to be more responsive and forthcoming so that journalists on deadline can fact-check information they hear. Though it's starting in Kenya, the program is expected to expand, with an Africa-wide international fact-checking day and a global, virtual event on World Press Freedom Day in May anchored out of Nairobi.
The focus on fighting fake news in Kenya stands in contrast to what's happening in the United States, where President Donald Trump uses the term to denigrate credible news outlets that publish critical coverage about them or their Republican administration. Trump has also continually downplayed the role that false information from illegitimate sources may have played in affecting the outcome of the election. Last month, special counsel Robert Mueller indicted 13 Russians accused of using a network of fake social media accounts and targeted political messages to stir up turmoil in the 2016 race.
The campaign also comes as the U.S. has been warning Kenya's government about worrisome restrictions on the legitimate news media. The group Human Rights Watch has said Kenyan officials try to stop critical coverage by threatening, intimidating and harassing journalists. The United States was particularly concerned in February when Kenya shut down major broadcasters after opposition leader Raila Odinga held a mock inauguration on television.
In Kenya, the fake news problem has also raised fears about violence being stoked by false facts that often mushroom on social media before they can be stopped.
At election time, a fake but realistic-looking U.S. diplomatic cable circulated that appeared to show embassy officials predicting instability, celebratory violence, "severe unrest and a massive breakdown of law and order" if Odinga were to defeat Kenyatta in the election. The U.S. embassy quickly tweeted its own version of the cable with the word "FAKE" slapped across it in bold red font.
Yet there are risks for the U.S. in appearing to tell people what to believe, say or not say in Kenya, a former British colony. So the embassy is taking pains to show it is a locally driven operation, partnering with groups like AfricaCheck, a fact-checking website similar to the U.S. site Snopes.com.
"We're not asking them to believe any particular thing," Godec said. "We're just saying, don't take everything you see on your phone via WhatsApp as the truth because it may not be."
___
Reach Josh Lederman at http:/twitter.com/joshledermanAP
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Just like our fingerprints, our breasts are as individual as we are - and should be treated as such.
Although they fluctuate up to six times in our life - not to mention the variations depending on where you shop - most of us probably kept abreast (sorry) of our band measurement and cup size.
But this may no longer be enough.
Breasts come in all shapes and sizes - and aren't always as uniform a certain magazine and the advertising industry would have us believe.
There are nine very different types of breast, and according to FHM and research done by lingerie experts ThirdLove, there's a corresponding bar for each.
So familiarise yourself below with your breast type below and dress your ladies accordingly - they'll thank you for it.
And if you're not sure if you're wearing the wrong bra size, take our quick quiz at the bottom.
1. Asymmetric
Do I have them?
Probably! Much like we all have one foot larger than the other, most women have one breast larger than its mate.
But sometimes this difference is noticeable, and can even cause discomfort, so read on if that applies to you.
What do I need?
A bra with removable inserts / padding means you can address any difference in size by removing the padding on your larger side.
2. East West
Do I have them?
Yes - if you find your breasts point out away from your torso and there's a noticeable gap between the two.
What do I need?
For East West ladies, a t-shirt bra is best, as this will push your breasts in slightly, giving you an even outline.
3. Side set
Do I have them?
Yes, if like East Westers your breast naturally fall away from the centre of your torso BUT - crucial difference - are a fuller.
What do I need?
You need something a little more dramatic than a t-shirt bra. Instead, try a plunge bra which will help pull your breasts both up and in.
Try a larger cup size than normal, as you may find you spill out of the side slightly.
(Image: Getty)
4. Slender
Do I have them?
If your breasts sit on the smaller end of the scale, are longer than they are wide BUT are wider at the top than they are the bottom (still with us?) then - yes!
What do I need?
Give a plunge bra a go as this will lift and centre your breasts. If it suits your body shape and you feel like it, a bra with padding on the outer curve will provide a bit more drama.
5. Bell shape
Do I have them?
Yes, if you find your breasts are narrower at the top than the bottom, and fuller at the bottom than they are at the top.
What do I need?
Ladies with bell shapes need a fair amount of coverage and lift, as they tend to be more buxom than their Slender sisters.
Pretty as they may be, try to avoid balconette bras.
6. Tear drop
Do I have them?
These are considered the 'quintessential' type of breast. Typically, they are fuller at the bottom than at the top, but to the same extent that Bell shapes are.
What do I need?
Lucky old you - not much! Your breasts will work with any type or style of bra so have some fun with your lingerie!
7. Round
It's a word which may you automatically associate with breasts, but some are in fact rounder than others.
Do I have them?
Yes, if your breasts are as equally full on the top as they are on the bottom then they're round.
What do I need?
As far as these things go, you're lucky. Due to your shape, you don't need much in the way of support and can get away without underwiring and too much of a structured cup.
8. Athletic
No, this necessarily mean your boobs are good at the 100m sprint and javelin.
Do I have them?
Yes, if yours are wider and more muscular with less tissue.
What do I need?
A classic push-up bra is the best choice of underwear to create the illusion of curves.
(Image: Uppercut)
9. Relaxed
Do I have them?
There are two signs that you have relaxed breasts. One, if your nipples that point downwards is one sign that you have relaxed breasts. And if the tissue in the breasts feels quite lax, this is another indicator.
What do I need?
gain, a push-up bra will help to lift the breasts and give you some confidence-boosting shape.
It's been another incredible year for balloons in Bristol, as the 2017 Bristol International Balloon Fiesta drew thousands of visitors and filled our skies with beautiful hot air balloons for the past four days.
More than 200 balloons were able to lift off successfully from Ashton Court between Thursday and Sunday, despite poor weather hampering the evening ascents on every day besides Sunday. The morning's mass ascents, however, went off without a hitch and gave way to some absolutely stunning photos.
The fiesta's famous night glows were also as memorable as ever, as more than 25 teams lit up their balloons in time to music as night fell, ahead of a spectacular fireworks display.
Sue Atkinson, chair of the Fiesta Organising Committee, said: "Big thanks to the people of Bristol for turning out to support our balloonists and the event this weekend.
"We had four successful ascents with some incredible weather during the early morning ascents, allowing 234 balloon flights to take off. It was a real family affair this year with a packed schedule of arena entertainment, kids activities and two music stages.
“We now can't wait to start planning for our 40th anniversary next year but before we do, we want to take this opportunity to say thank you to all those involved, our partners, sponsors, exhibitors and of course the stars of the show, the balloon teams."
We take a look back at some of the most enjoyable moments from the weekend...
A special guest appeared on Sunday
Busby is a member of the Queen's Guard and made a very regal appearance on Sunday afternoon. The amazing balloon is owned by Lighter Than Air and it took to the skies during the fiesta's final mass ascent.
The morning mass ascents were truly beautiful
Clear skies gave way to some stunning scenery for Bristol to wake up to across the fiesta. Anyone who made it to Ashton Court for the 6am start was well rewarded for their efforts.
There were dozens of lovely new balloons
One of the fiesta's most beautiful new balloons was Belvoir Fruit Farms' Little Drop of Lovely shape. Other highlights included the Thatchers balloon and the Spirit of Jess, which was created in memory of teenage cancer patient Jess Thomas .
And speaking of Thatchers...
There was a very special proposal
Alex Lloyd spent months planning their proposal to girlfriend Harriet Ferris and popped the question while up in the Thatchers balloon during Sunday morning's mass ascent. They said yes, thankfully.
The night glows were as lovely as ever
Thursday and Saturday evening saw dozens of tethered balloons light up in time to music at the Fiesta's world-famous night glows.
There were some incredible aeroplane stunts
The Breitling Wingwalkers , the Pitts Special biplane, the Exit Parachute Display Team and the Parabatix Flying Display Team made sure the skies were packed with entertainment even when there were no balloons to admire.
The fireworks were simply spectacular
The Fiesta's night glows are always followed by a show-stopping fireworks display - and this year was no exception. We saw some stunning shows on Thursday and Saturday nights, rounding off some truly unforgettable evenings.
On Amazon Prime Day sale, mobile phones and accessories will be sold at a discount of up to 40%, electronics and appliances will be sold at a discounted price of up to 50%, up to 70% will be off on home and outdoors. Photo: AFP
New Delhi: Promising best deals on various products including smartphones, new product launches and video releases, e-commerce giant Amazon India will be back once again with Amazon Prime Day sale on 16 July.
Here is all you need to know about Amazon Prime Day sale
When does the Amazon Prime Day sale start? Amazon Prime Day Sale will be kicked off at 12 noon on 16 July. The sale will be live on Amazon.in only for 36 hours.
How to join Amazon Prime Day sale: To buy products during the sale you need to be an Amazon Prime member which comes at an annual cost of ₹ 999. If you don't want to spend that much just to buy products at a good deal, then you can either sign up for a monthly plan of ₹ 129 or try the trial version for free for a month.
If you are worried about missing on good deals during Amazon Prime Day sale, then there's help at hand. You can install Amazon Assistant, an extension on Chrome browser, which helps you compare products while browsing and sends notifications when deals you are watching go live.
New product launches on Amazon Prime Day sale: Over 200 new products from top brands like OnePlus, Intel, Nestle, Bosch and Marks & Spencer will be launched during the sale on Amazon Prime Day. The latest version of OnePlus 6 smartphone with 8GB+ 128GB storage will be launched exclusively on that day.
Intel will be coming out with its 8th Gen gaming laptops, Nestle will be out with Nesplus, a new brand of multigrain breakfast cereals, Bosch will release microwave ovens, power drills and other electronic products while Marks and Spencer will present its fresh range of garments.
Besides, a number of other products including WD 3TB My Passport portable hard drive, Sennheiser over-hear wireless headphone, Cloudwalker Android 7.0 Nought 4K ready FHD TV, WiFi home cameras from Godrej, etc will also be launched on the e-commerce portal.
Besides consumer products, Amazon is also releasing new videos on its Prime Video service from 10 July to 16 July. The list includes Amitabh Bachchan's 101 Not Out, Oscar-winning Dunkirk and Transformers: The Last Knight.
Best deals on Amazon Prime Day sale: Amazon India has not yet announced which deals will be made available for consumers on Prime Day but its website says that mobile phones and accessories will be sold at a discount of up to 40%, electronics and appliances will be sold at a discounted price of up to 50%, up to 70% will be off on home and outdoors. There will be similar offers in fashion, books and entertainment category.
Like all other online sales, Amazon Prime Day sale will also have flash sales every now and then.
Amazon is also taking this opportunity to promote Amazon Echo and Fire TV stick devices by promising steal deals on its in-house products.
There's also going to be an additional discount of 10% for those paying with HDFC Bank cards.
Amazon has already disclosed that it had more than 100 million paid Prime members worldwide. In India, Amazon is launching a Prime Day promotional campaign using virtual reality in malls across Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai and Kolkata.
About two weeks ago, I saw something on my Facebook newsfeed that stopped me mid-scroll: the weather report for the upcoming Monday showed a light monsoon with teeth-chattering temperatures. On any other Monday, this type of disheartening weather would be, well, just another Monday. But it just so happened that this Monday was also the day that roughly 30,000 runners were planning to make the 26.2-mile trek from Hopkinton, Massachusetts, to Boston, an event formally known as the Boston Marathon.
As a registered runner who'd been training for the race for almost five months, I began to feel my excitement for the race turn into unease. Maybe it won't be so bad, I thought. Maybe it will be like one of those snowstorms they make a huge deal about, and it doesn't even flurry!
It ended up being a historic race for many reasons. Not only were the wet, cold, and windy conditions some of the worst many of the runners had ever seen, but Olympian Desiree Linden became the first American woman in 33 years to win the marathon. But more on that, later.
This was my thirteenth marathon, so perhaps I should have had an inkling that something would happen to throw it out of whack. I left for the race wearing multiple layers, a hooded poncho, and plastic bags secured with rubber bands around my sneakers. “It looks like you're heading off to a day at a chemical plant,” my friend Laura joked as I geared up to face the elements. When I got there, the Athlete's Village (where runners congregate before entering their starting corals) was worse than anyone anticipated: mud everywhere, puddles 10 Porta Potties wide, runners in rain getups even more ridiculous than mine. We laughed at the absurdity of it all — what else could we do?
Erin Kelly
Nevertheless, I had trained hard for this race and was determined not to let bad weather stop me from reaching my race goal — a marathon PR, or a personal record. But even the most elite runners had eschewed their runderwear for full rain jackets, which is pretty much unheard of in the professional running world. Despite the universal setback, there was only one real solution: continue to move forward, towards Boston.
I'd love to tell you that despite the conditions, I crushed the race. That I didn't let it phase me. That, gosh, I thrived in the harsh conditions, just like the men's winner, "citizen runner" Yuki Kawauchi, who blew everyone away by besting the pros to become the first Japanese man to win the Boston Marathon since 1987. But alas, I did not (thrive, that is). I kept up with my goal pace until about mile 13, when I started feeling an extra tightness in my quads, and, was I just imagining it, or was the headwind more powerful now?
I had trained hard for this race and was determined not to let bad weather stop me from reaching my race goal
I hit the wall around mile 18, just when the race really starts getting tough. My legs felt like tree trunks, and each step felt like my quads were emerging from under a pile of bricks. Inside my compression socks, my calves were twitching. It took everything in me — mentally and physically — to shuffle through the last few miles. When I finally slowed to a limping stagger past the finish line, more than 10 minutes slower than I'd hoped, I started to cry.
Logically, I know that finishing a marathon — let alone 13 — is an immense accomplishment. But emotionally, I was devastated. Three hours and twenty-two minutes ago, the goal I'd been working toward for months was dangling in front of me for the taking. Now, that goal was gone, and my next chance at redemption was hundreds of hours of training away.
Feeling defeated, I limped to bag check — teeth chattering, body shivering — to change into dry clothes. On my way to the changing tent, I heard a voice over the sound system announce that American runner Desiree Linden had won. Wow, I thought. Go Des!
Scott Eisen/Getty Images News/Getty Images
They hadn't been the crowd favorite — not even close. Most people had been excited for Shalane Flanagan, the historic winner of the 2017 New York City Marathon and hometown hero, to break the tape. But hearing of Linden's victory immediately lifted my spirits. Over the past 11 years, Linden has run 14 marathons and come in second three times, once as the runner-up in Boston in 2011. Yet until that morning, she'd never actually won herself. A wave of happiness rushed through me as I realized that a dark horse had prevailed on a dark day.
Later, at the post-race bar where I met my friends, I fixed my gaze on the marathon race coverage playing behind the bar, and as I watched the replays of elite race footage, I learned that Linden had sacrificed their own race to help American runners Flanagan and Molly Huddle along the course. They said that helping out other runners during the race — one that, at a certain point, they thought they might have to drop out of — actually helped them pull out the win.
Running may technically be a solo sport, but the running community I've discovered in New York City is one of the most supportive environments I've ever been a part of. My personal desire to run has almost always been fueled by the people I've had the pleasure of running with — from the girls I hoped to befriend when I joined the high school track team as a sophomore, to the members of The Most Informal Running Club, Ever, who have inspired me to test my limits on the track as an adult.
Running is a funny sport that can be just as rewarding as it can be miserable, but the best part might just be the collective mindset that everyone is in the race together. Supporting one another along the way is customary, if not compulsory. In my running group, for example, as soon as anyone finishes their own speed interval during a workout, they immediately head back to the finish line to cheer on the rest of the group. Running gives people permission to push themselves physically, but often I find that this momentum extends beyond physical limitations to careers, volunteer work, side hustles, relationships, and even to one another. Having the opportunity to be around people who are constantly looking to improve themselves inspires me to chase my own goals, and push those I care about to do the same. That momentum, and the opportunity to influence others is what inspired me to become a run coach myself.
Erin Kelly
I wouldn't have had the confidence to go after a PR in Boston without the support of my running coach and my friend Chris, both of whom have been constant sources of inspiration through the ups and downs of marathon training. Every time Chris, who was on a similar training plan, crushed a workout, I felt motivated to do the same. And each time I got a workout assignment from my coach, I felt like I was being tasked with a secret mission only I could accomplish.
I guess what I'm saying is, Linden's display of selflessness and solidarity reminded me why I love running so much in the first place. I don't run solely to pull out outstanding performances in blustering conditions — though that would be nice — but because it gives me an opportunity to be part of something bigger, to consistently better myself, and to motivate others to finish their own race. When Des Linden embodies that spirit and pulls out the historic win in Boston, it reminds me that the only true 'win' is getting to inspire others.
So despite the awful weather and my initial feelings of defeat, the running community at large has proven (again) that my race outcome isn't nearly as important as surrounding myself with the right people — and every once in a while, it pays to take a hint from the pros.
Parise capped the scoring on the power play midway through the third period. Coreau deflected Jared Spurgeon's slap shot behind the net, but Eric Staal knocked it in front of the net and Parise whacked it out of the air for their 13th of the season.
Stars of Coronation Street have gathered for the funeral of much-loved soap actor Liz Dawn.
Cast members past and present arrived at Salford Cathedral to pay their respects to the 77-year-old, who played the part of Vera Duckworth on the cobbles for 34 years.
The coffin of Coronation Street actor Liz Dawn is brought into Salford Cathedral for their funeral service
A coach of Coronation Street stars arrived at the church ahead of the service.
Among the mourners were Samia Longchambon, who plays Maria Connor, and their husband Sylvain, a professional ice skater.
Alan Halsall, whose character Tyrone Dobbs was taken in by Vera and husband Jack on the soap, attended with wife Lucy-Jo Hudson, who played Katy Harris in the soap.
Helen Worth, who plays Gail Rodwell, Jack P Shepherd, who plays David Platt, and Chris Gascoyne, the soap's Peter Barlow, were also present for the service.
Former stars Ken Morley, who played Reg Holdsworth, Bruce Jones, who played Les Battersby, and Alison King, who played Carla Connor, also turned out to pay their respects.
In their role as the wife of on-screen husband Jack, played by the late Bill Tarmey, the duo endeared themselves to millions of the Street's fans, becoming a staple of the ITV soap.
A former Woolworths shop girl from Leeds, who first set foot on Weatherfield's famous cobbles in 1974, Dawn, who had four children, died peacefully last week at home with their family around them
They had been diagnosed with the lung disease emphysema and was written out of the show in 2008 at their request.
Jennie McAlpine, who plays Fiz Stape in the soap, Sally Dyvenor (Sally Metcalfe), Michael Le Vell (Kevin Webster) and Andrew Whyment (Kirk Sutherland) were also at the cathedral for the service, which was due to be followed by a private family committal.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May faces yet more challenges to their flagging leadership today, after former Tory chairperson Grant Shapps revealed they were behind a plot to topple them
It comes after a disastrous party conference in Manchester, with dreary main hall speeches and queues round the block to see the Mrs May's potential replacements.
Mrs May's keynote address was plagued by calamity.
They were upstaged first by a stage invasion from a comedy prankster, then a persistent cough.
And in the final humiliation, the slogan on the shoddily constructed backdrop fell to the floor one letter at a time.
Mrs May insisted today that the country needs "calm leadership" and that they had the full support of their cabinet.
But who could replace them if they step down - or is forced out?
Here are the runners and riders.
Boris Johnson - 4/1
(Image: Daily Mirror)
For:
The Brexit eer Foreign Secretary is hugely popular with Tory activists and delivered a majority for Leave.
Against:
 They are divisive, does not enjoy the support of MPs and being out of the country hampers bids to build a parliamentary power base.
David Davis - 6/1
(Image: Daily Mirror)
For:
Brexit Secretary hard man who was in the SAS, they have plenty of experience and gets on well with most Tory MPs.
Against:
Not entirely trusted by Cabinet colleagues, has overseen stalled Brexit talks and stands accused of pushing for top job.
Jacob Rees-Mogg - 7/1
For:
Comfortable in their own skin, their self-depracating sense of humour has won an army of Conservative fans.
Against:
He's an anti-abortion, anti-gay marriage, Eton-educated, City fat cat multimillionaire who has never changed or nappy or washed the dishes.
Philip Hammond - 10/1
(Image: REUTERS)
For:
Safe pair of hands as Chancellor and has broad experience of Government jobs, including Foreign and Defence.
Against:
Remainer who is seen as pushing for soft Brexit, alienating pro-Leave members.
(Image: AFP)
For:
Amiable, confident and forthright, they have performed well as Home Secretary during this year's wave of terror attacks.
Against:
They have a tiny majority in Hastings and Rye and nearly lost their seat at June's general election.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
For:
Commons Leader is popular with grassroots and made it to final two in last year's contest.
Against:
Economically very right wing and still hampered by comments which seemed to criticise Theresa May for not having kids.
Tom Tugendhat - 50/1
(Image: UK Parliament)
For:
Young, ex-Army officer who commands respect and has just been elected chairperson of the powerful Commons Foreign Affairs Committee.
Against:
Has no ministerial experience and only became an MP in 2015. Can be seen as overly-confident by some colleagues.
David Gauke - 80/1
(Image: PA)
For:
Quiet operator, the Work and Pensions Secretary is well-liked among MPs and could be a John Major figure.
Against:
They could be too much of a dark horse and the public has no idea who they are.
VANCOUVER—The first Canada-wide study on national health inequalities shows that Indigenous people have significantly poorer health outcomes for infant mortality and suicide rates across Canada. The study found that infant mortality rates were 3.9 times higher in areas with a higher concentration Inuit people, 2.3 times higher in areas with more First Nations people, and 1.9 times higher in areas with more Métis people.
“Everybody in Canada should have equally good health outcomes, but that's not what we're seeing,” Dr. Theresa Tam says. ( Submitted )
The findings for suicide rates were even worse, with the suicide rates being 6.5 times higher in places with a concentration of Inuit people, 3.7 times higher for First Nations people and 2.7 times for Métis. Canada's Chief Public Health Officer Dr. Theresa Tam, one of the lead researchers of the study, said that while Canadians benefit from overall better health than many other nations, there are still clear differences between populations. “Canadians as a whole enjoy good health if you compare us with other countries, but there are key differences in the health status in different populations,” they said. “Everybody in Canada should have equally good health outcomes, but that's not what we're seeing.”
Article Continued Below
The study was done by the Pan-Canadian Health Inequalities Reporting (HIR) Initiative, which includes a number of public health agencies as well as Statistics Canada, with input from the First Nations Information Governance Centre and Métis National Council. It brought together data on more than 70 health indicators to find out how different factors such as income, location and education affected the health of Canadians. The study found that key health indicators like life expectancy were generally lower, and indicators like infant mortality were generally higher, for people in lower-income areas or who had less education, as well as in areas with a high concentration of First Nations, Inuit, and Métis people. Suicide mortality was also relatively higher in those areas. Dr. Tam said that the reason for these health outcomes are complex and have a lot do to with historical trauma — as well as location. “For Indigenous people, clearly history matters ... recognizing colonization, racism, the loss of languages, exclusion, all these things are factors,” they said. “And if you are in a remote area there is less access to health care.” Tam says it is important to understand how historical factors add to these complex reasons for poorer health outcomes, in order to not stigmatize these populations.
“The lack of supportive environments and some of the past history that has resulted in the health inequality is what we're seeing,” they said. “What we have to be sensitive of, is that we don't stigmatize the population by demonstrating they are just living in poverty.” Dr. Colleen Varcoe, Professor at the UBC School of Nursing, recently published a study in which Indigenous Elders participated in the care of Indigenous patients in a primary health clinic, which they hope is one way to start improving health outcomes for Indigenous people. They found that giving patients one-on-one time to speak with Elders significantly improved their mental health and overall well-being.
Article Continued Below
“People found it profoundly influential,” said Varcoe. “Over and over again they connected with Elders, and they reported improvements in depression, mental health and well-being.” Varcoe hopes this model can be scaled up to help many more Indigenous patients across the country. Cherise Seucharan is a Vancouver-based reporter covering health and safety/youth. Follow them on Twitter: @CSeucharan
Read more about:
Sydney: Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce`s political future was in doubt Monday after it emerged they may be a dual citizen, placing the conservative government`s slim Parliamentary majority at risk.
Australia does not allow dual citizens to sit in Parliament, meaning Joyce`s revelation that they possibly hold New Zealand citizenship has major implications for the government.
The obscure rule was little known until recently but several lawmakers have fallen victim to it in recent months, leaving Parliamentarians scrambling to clarify their ancestral ties.
"Needless to say, I was shocked to receive this information," Joyce told Parliament about the news they may be a dual citizen.
"I`ve always been an Australian citizen born in (regional city) Tamworth. Neither me nor my parents had any reason to believe that I may be a citizen of any other country."
The dual citizenship crisis kicked off in July when the minor Greens party`s co-deputy leader Scott Ludlam resigned after revealing they had dual Australian-New Zealand citizenship.
The crisis soon claimed other victims, including Canadian-born Greens senator Larissa Waters and Resources Minister Matt Canavan, who left cabinet after finding their mother signed them up to Italian citizenship in their 20s.
Joyce said Monday they might have New Zealand citizenship, by descent, but did not quit cabinet or Parliament and instead referred their election to the High Court.
"The New Zealand High Commission contacted me to advise that on the basis of preliminary advice from the department of internal affairs... considered that I could be a citizen of New Zealand by descent," they said.
While Joyce — the leader of the Nationals party — is born in Australia, they told parliament their father was born in neighbouring New Zealand and moved to Australia in 1947.
The revelations could spark a crisis for Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull`s Liberal-National coalition government, which won national elections last year with 76 seats in the House of Representatives — a narrow one-seat majority.
Turnbull on Monday wrote to Labor opposition leader Bill Shorten to ask if their party wanted to refer any MPs over their citizenship status to the High Court so all the cases could be considered as a bloc, The Australian newspaper reported.
Canavan and minor party One Nation`s Indian-born Malcolm Roberts have already had their elections referred to the court, with the judicial body to decide if they had taken reasonable steps to renounce their foreign allegiances.
Almost half of Australia`s 24-million-strong population is made up of people born overseas or who had at least one parent born overseas, last year`s census revealed. Indigenous people account for about three per cent of the population.
NATIONAL
South Korea's opposition parties urged President Moon Jae-in Tuesday to defend Seoul's "sovereign" decision over the installation of a US missile defense system during their summit with Chinese leader Xi Jinping later this week.
They also said that the summit does not necessarily have to produce a joint statement when there are still differences over the deployment of a Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense system to South Korea.
The bilateral summit is set for Thursday, the second day of Moon's four-day visit to China. But Seoul and Beijing have decided not to issue a joint statement due to their gaps over the THAAD issue, a major thorn in the bilateral relationship.
This photo, taken Oct. 19, 2017, shows Choung Tae-ok, the spokesperson of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party, speaking during a parliamentary session at the National Assembly in Seoul. (Yonhap)
"We will not pressure (the government to seek) a joint statement after the summit, but we urge (Moon) to clearly safeguard security sovereignty," Choung Tae-ok, the spokesperson of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party, said in a commentary."There are many cases in which clear differences -- rather than clumsy agreement -- are more helpful to the national interest," they added.Beijing has strenuously opposed the THAAD deployment, which it believes could undermine its security interests. But Seoul and Washington have maintained that it is a purely defensive system to counter Pyongyang's missile threats.In October, the two countries agreed to bring their relations, strained over THAAD, back on to a normal track, but their differences have yet to be fully reconciled.Choung also pointed out that Moon has to clearly say no if Beijing seeks to interfere with Seoul's sovereign decisions to protect its national security."The operation of the THAAD system and its additional deployment, and security cooperation among South Korea, the United States and Japan ... all these are purely matters of South Korea's security sovereignty," they said.Yoo Seong-min, the leader of the minor conservative Bareun Party, called for Moon to sternly respond if there are any Chinese moves to compromise South Korea's military sovereignty."If China demands an abdication of (South Korea's) military sovereignty, Seoul should sternly reject it, and it does not need to be bound by the issue of whether there should be a joint statement or joint press conference (after the summit)," Yoo said during a party meeting.Yoo also stressed that Seoul should demand Beijing's suspension of both crude oil supplies to the North and its apparent economic retaliation against South Korean businesses, and reject the Chinese proposal for concurrently suspending the North's nuclear and missile tests and South Korea-US military exercises."The summit should be one in which (Moon) clearly states what kind of role China needs to play in resolving the North Korean nuclear issue," they said. (Yonhap)
Lotto is celebrating a milestone draw tonight and to mark the occassion there'll be a mega jackpot of €4.5 million.
The National Lottery has given away more than 4.4 billion euro in prizes since the Lotto began in 1988.
Tonight brings the number of draws to 3,000.
Dublin has claimed the highest number of jackpots at 572, followed by Cork with 172.
Miriam Donohoe from the National Lottery says that every county in Ireland has had a jackpot win at some point.
Figure out what your ‘future perfect' looks like and then decide where you want your business to be
I am the second-generation owner of RSV Building Solutions. RSV was formed by my parents, and then transitioned to me where our staff built not only a profitable company but set the region's standard of excellence in design-build construction. RSV becomes involved early in the process, helping small-to- mid-size owners and tenants define and achieve exactly what they want, on time and within budget, and avoiding costly false starts.
About a decade ago, it looked likely that the third-generation leader would be someone outside the family. I insisted upon a thoughtful process with plenty of time to identify and prepare my successor. I joined a business group with about 25 CEOs that meets monthly, providing a safe sounding board of independent analysis and perspectives. My successor, Debbie Marcoulier, was assigned to a similar group of business leaders.
Together, we made a seamless transition, where Debbie learned and earned the role of president and CEO, and where I now operate as chairperson supporting Debbie, mostly with complex construction challenges. The transition became official two years ago although it was gradual and intentional as roles and responsibilities shifted.
Through this transition, there are important life lessons that I feel compelled to share with many in the construction industry – in all business really.
The first question is to determine where you are going as a person. What does your “future perfect” life look like? Truthfully examine where you are, and where you want to be five, 10 and even 20 years from now. What are you doing to enjoy life? What do your daily activities look like? Be clear, be specific and get people who will be brutally honest to assist you.
The next question is to determine how to harness your company to align with your personal “future perfect.” Nothing is harder than staring yourself in the mirror and asking what is the right approach to your business. This is not a question to answer quickly. Your business is something far bigger than stacks of sheetrock and spreadsheets.
Knowing the many good-hearted and caring people in construction, many likely will respond that their business purpose is to provide outstanding customer service, quality products, great jobs for their employees and to make a difference in their community.
Why then, do so many of us tend to chase that elusive next project, where you'll agonize to get the work done, stress your hard-to-replace staff, endanger your quality and reputation and struggle to eke out a margin, if at all? Your purpose suffers multiple losses by working 60 hours a week or more to rescue a stretch project that threw your business into chaos.
Sure, we all still operate from a fear of “PRSD” (post-recession stress disorder), causing some to chase any available project even though they don't have the staff or resources to deliver with quality. Sure, that next project might make it easier to justify buying that next piece of equipment or spread out fixed costs over more volume. But the pursuit of growth at all costs may end up costing you exactly what you want most from your business.
RSV was a solid performing company under my leadership. We pursued standards of performance and quality that are still rare in construction. We maintained our staff through the recession and enjoy long-standing relationships with staff and subcontractors. Our commitment to people helped us endure the slow times, and caused us to look past a few opportunities in the good times.
But it wasn't until I began receiving candid feedback from fellow business leaders who challenged me to define my “future perfect” that I understood that my purpose goes far beyond running a successful company. It includes the absolute joy I experience when interacting with my grandkids and family, my desire to participate meaningfully in our wonderful community and pursuing my love for flying. It includes shifting my purpose within RSV to helping staff thrive rather than finding solutions myself. Plus, it has stirred within me a passion to help other small business leaders make important decisions earlier in their careers.
Remember, your business exists only to meet your personal “future perfect” needs. In construction, our businesses rarely have real value and can't be sold. Harness your company to meet your needs as they change throughout your life. Certainty, peace and joy will be the result of all this hard work.
Ron Frederiksen is chairperson of RSV Building Solutions. They will be the keynote speaker at the Southwest Washington Contractors Association Construction Executives Summit Feb. 15, 2018, in Vancouver.
Comments
comments
THE Avengers will need all their strength and superpowers to battle Thanos.
THE Avengers will need all their strength and superpowers to battle Thanos. Marvel
YOU'D have to be living under a rock to have not heard about this week's big new film, Avengers: Infinity War.
The film stars an A-list cast so big you could get through an entire tub of popcorn just watching the credits scroll by.
While its Anzac Day release has been labelled by some as a grubby cash grab, Infinity War is set to dominate the box office regardless.
The exciting thing for Marvel fans is that this super-size superhero epic, which brings all of the Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, Doctor Strange and more together for the first time, doesn't play it safe.
This film will be dissected by fans and reviews for weeks to come.
Also out this week is the documentary Gurrumul, which explores the life and career of the late indigenous artist Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu.
Here are this week's highlights of the big screen and why you should see them:
Avengers: Infinity War (M)
Avengers Infinity Wars trailer: The first trailer for Marvel blockbuster featuring bad guy Thanos and just about everyone else.
The Avengers and their allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before their blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe.
Why you should see it: Marvel has taken some big risks with this film in which no superhero is safe as Thanos proves to be a formidable foe. Read the review.
Gurrumul (PG)
Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu (1971 - 2017), also referred to since their death as Dr G Yunupingu, was an Indigenous Australian musician. They sang stories of their land both in Yol?u languages such as G lpu, Gumatj or Djambarrpuynu, and in English. They were formerly a member of Yothu Yindi, and later Saltwater Band. They were the most commercially successful Aboriginal Australian musician at the time of their death. contributed
Celebrated by audiences at home and abroad, indigenous artist Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu was one of the most important and acclaimed voices to ever come out of Australia. Blind from birth, they found purpose and meaning through songs and music inspired by their community and country on Elcho Island in far North East Arnhem Land.
Why you should see it: With their posthumous album topping the ARIA chart just this past week, this stirring and soulful tribute to the singer is a must-see for music lovers. Read about the album.
Continuing
I Feel Pretty (M)
I Feel Pretty trailer: Latest comedy from Amy Schumer
After a freak accident, Renee wakes up to a completely new reflection, believing they are now the most beautiful woman in the world. With a newfound confidence, they are empowered to live their life fearlessly and flawlessly.
Why you should see it: Amy Schumer always has their funny moments, but this film hits you over the head with the same joke. Overall, it's just not that funny. Read the review.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Society (M)
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Society trailer: Wartime Guernsey is the setting for this film based on a popular book.
A writer forms an unexpected bond with the residents of Guernsey Island in the aftermath of World War II when they decide to write a book about their experiences during the war.
Why you should see it: This charming British film tells a fascinating, but little-known story - along with a heart-warming romance - and Lily James's Juliet is easy to fall in love with. Read the review.
Super Troopers 2 (MA 15+)
Super Troopers 2 trailer: The Super troopers are back.
When an international border dispute arises between the US and Canada, the Super Troopers are called in to set up a new Highway Patrol station in the disputed area.
Why you should see it: There are some old jokes that you've heard before, but for the most part this sequel is hilarious and entertaining. Read the review.
Continuing
Rampage (M)
Rampage trailer: The Rock saves the world again in this latest action adventure.
When a rogue genetic experiment turns a gentle ape into a raging monster, primatologist Davis Okoye teams with a genetic engineer to secure an antidote.
Why you should see it: Big monsters, silly action and Dwayne Johnson's irresistible on-screen charm make this video game adaptation just fun enough to watch. Read the review.
Isle of Dogs (PG)
Isle of Dogs trailer: Director Wes Anderson returns to the animated genre with this story of abandoned dogs in future Japan.
When the canine pets of Megasaki City are exiled to a vast garbage-dump called Trash Island, 12-year-old Atari sets off alone in a miniature Junior-Turbo Prop and flies across the river in search of their bodyguard-dog Spots.
Why you should see it: Director Wes Anderson has created one of their most quirky and finely detailed worlds yet in this wonderfully scrappy underdog tale. Read the review.
Truth or Dare (M)
Truth or Dare trailer: A new entry in the "do it or die" horror genre.
A harmless game of truth or dare among friends turns deadly when someone - or something - begins to punish those who tell a lie or refuse the dare.
Why you should see it: This horror film may be from the producer of Get Out but it's not nearly as inventive. If you're after cheap scares and some dialogue that's so bad it may be good, then this is your movie. Read the review.
A Quiet Place (M)
A Quiet Place trailer: Husband and wife, John Krasinski and Emily Blunt team up in this sci fi thriller where the slightest noise brings death.
A family of four must navigate their lives in silence after mysterious creatures that hunt by sound threaten their survival. If they hear you, they hunt you.
Why you should see it: Star and director John Krasinksi is in fine form in this nerve-jangling twist on an alien apocalypse in which barely a line of dialogue is spoken. Read the review.
Maybe the proposal didn't go exactly as planned, but at least they got the girl!
Kit Harington recently stopped by the Jonathan Ross Show when the topic of their recent engagement to their former Game of Thrones co-star, Rose Leslie, came up. In rather crude terms, Harington, 30, reportedly revealed that they got a little carried away when it came to popping the question, and the reason is actually pretty cute.
"I did have some plans to do it, I was going to string up some lights in some trees and do all the romantic stuff but we were in the country and we were under this beautiful night sky and had a log fire burning and red wine and I blew my load early," they told the host of the British talk show.
Immediately after, Harington elaborated in gentler terms. "I was meant to do it the day after with the lights," they explained. "What I meant to say was, I popped my question a bit early." You know what, Kit? These things happen.
Congratulations to the happy couple!
Published:
Justice Babatunde Quadri of the Federal High Court, Abuja, on Wednesday, March 30, 2018 admitted in evidence documents tendered by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, against a Chinese national, Li Ya Ping, who is facing trial on one count charge for allegedly concealing the sum of $300,000 (equivalent of N108million), while attempting to board a flight to Dubai.
The offence contravenes the dictates of Section 2 (3) (5) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act, 2011 (as amended) which states that:“Transportation of cash or negotiable instruments in excess of $10,000 or its equivalent by individuals in or out of the country shall be declared to the Nigerian Customs Service”.
At the resumed hearing, counsel to EFCC, P. K. Latona presented the fourth witness, Hassan Mohammed Misau. Misau, a detective with the Advance Fraud Unit, AFF, of the EFCC, in their testimony told the court that, “on March 15, 2018 at about 13Hours, my team received a phone call from the Nigerian Customs Service, NCS, FCT Command, informing us of the arrest of the defendant, who they said concealed a sum of $300,000 and was intercepted at the Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport, Abuja while trying to board an Emirate Airline enroute Abuja to Dubai”
They stated that the anti-graft agency dispatched a team of investigators to follow up on the report, and on arrival they met with the officers - Yahaya Ishaq and Helen Ajibero, who gave statements on how the incident happened.
The PW4 said that their team, thereafter, received handover notes, statements from the customs officials, 2 Business boarding passes, a Chinese international passport, a mobile handset belonging to the defendant alongside the sum of $300,000 and brought same to the Commission. They added that the defendant was handed over to the EFCC on March 16, 2018 by the NCS.
Share This
The long-running saga of whether buildings associated with slave traders should be renamed is rumbling on at the University of Bristol.
A petition was started last month calling for the Wills Memorial Building to be renamed because of benefactor's links with slavery.
But now a counter-petition has been set up, attracting a similar amount of signatures, wanting to keep the building's name.
The prominent building at the top of Park Street is named after Henry Overton Wills III, the first chancellor of the university and a business person who donated £100,000 in 1908 to help establish the university. The building was opened in their honour in 1925.
Students say the university was financed with “slave profited” cash as the family company of the benefactor, WD & HO Wills, known for its Strand, Navy Cut and Woodbines cigarettes is said to have benefited through tobacco imports from slave plantations.
It comes as similar calls have been made to change the name of the Colston Hall and Colston Girls' School.
The latest petition, calling to keep the Wills Memorial Building as it is, states: “We feel that we need to make our opposition clear so that a few students that have not thought clearly are shown to not be representative of the view of the few calling for a name change.
“The movement to rename Wills Memorial is based on the links between the Wills family with slavery.
“They claim that renaming Wills memorial will somehow cleanse the sins of the past. This is not the case.
“By deleting the Wills family from the universities identity it only serves to erase the past.
“By keeping the name we can shine a light on the horrors of the past and ensure that they are not repeated.”
The original petition to rename the building has more than 680 supporters while the counter petition has more than 760, showing how split the public is over the argument.
The university has previously said: “We have never sought to hide our association with the Wills family. We believe that it is important to be open and reflective about our history, and the city's historical connection to the slave trade.
“To us, it would seem disingenuous to seek to deny or cover up our relationship with the family. We would welcome the chance to discuss this further with the organisers of this petition.”
AMHERST - Longtime Amherst Police Detective Jamie P. Reardon is now Sgt. Reardon after they were promoted Monday.
"Sergeant Reardon was promoted after an extensive selection process which included a written examination and interviews with Chief Scott P. Livingstone, Town Manager Paul Bockelman and Human Resources Director Deborah Radway," according to a press release.
Their promotion fills the position vacated with the promotion of Brian Johnson to lieutenant.
Reardon was appointed as a patrol officer Aug. 14, 2000, and joined the detective bureau in 2011. They were the department's liaison to the district and superior courts and the Northwestern district attorney's office.
They conducted criminal investigations of major incidents and crimes and was the department's sexual assault and domestic violence investigator, among other duties, according to the press release.
Reardon, who lives in Belchertown, received a bachelor's degree in criminal justice in 1995 from Western New England College in Springfield and a master's degree in criminal justice in 2000 from Westfield State College.
Have your say
Emergency crews are still battling a blaze at an industrial site after fire broke out this afternoon.
Firefighters are still at the site on Sherwood Road, Brighouse, where huge plumes of smoke have been seen billowing.
West Yorkshire Fire Service said crews had managed to save two buildings at the site from being destroyed.
Seventy firefighters from around West Yorkshire Yorkshire were at the scene earlier and nearby householders were told to close doors and windows.
A fire service spokesperson said: "The incident has now been scaled back to six fire engines and one aerial appliance.
"Firefighters are still attacking the small fire contained within the building.
"Crews have worked extremely hard in difficult conditions. They managed to save two buildings either side of the one involved in the fire.
"Crews will remain on-site into the evening."
Economic legacy: APC chief, Balarabe Musa tackle Jonathan
Quit notices: An eye for an eye will blind Nigeria, Atiku warns
Lassa fever: Ogun places 106 under surveillance
Kwara: We've lost 74 people to strange illness, community leader insists
Davido's police escorts detained for reckless shooting
Clark, others using PANDEF to seek political relevance — MEND
Hunger led us into crime –Suspects
DSS arraigns eight kidnap suspects in Rivers
Let Buhari go home, protesters tell President's aides
Don't distract investors with probes, LCCI tells N'Assembly
Symptoms of Lassa fever
EFCC on the heels of vice-chancellors
Jonathan under attack for ‘we did well' claim
Wrest power from old politicians, Obasanjo tells youths
45,312 pensioners for verification
Oyo govt to sanction churches, mosques, others for noise pollution
We'll make abductors of Lagos school boys give up arms, says Akeredolu
Ondo workers reject modulated salary
$60m World Bank project for Abia
Joy as Owan gets first indigenous Anglican bishop
Kashamu to PDP leaders: don't kill our party in Southwest
States ignore flood warnings, says NiMet DG
Youths key to Nigeria's future, says UK envoy
‘10,000 farmers can't access N350m donor fund'
Atiku: state of residence should replace state of origin
Three remanded for ‘killing don' in Rivers
Air passengers pay more taxes, surcharges than ticket fare
If you can run a home, you can run a business – Diamond Bank CEO
Things not to borrow for
Install prepaid meters or stop billing us, youths tell Abuja Disco
PenCom criticises bill to exclude paramilitary agencies from contributory pension scheme
Yobe govt, World Bank, others support IDPs with farm inputs
Lafarge Africa restates commitment to promoting renewable energy
Conoil shareholders assured of improved returns
Skye Bank expands digital financing with SkyeXperience
Chinese banks begin funding oil, gas projects in Nigeria
Firm to celebrate outstanding young entrepreneurs
Dangote sponsors Niger Investment Summit
‘Too much summons of CEOs by legislatures hurts economy'
NNDC moves to resuscitate Kaduna textile company
All hands on deck to ennoble Ondo school
4 secondary school students steal N1.4m laptops in Jigawa
Suspected car thieves arrested in Benue
Police nab armed robbers' informant
9 remanded over doctor's abduction in Rivers
Delays are building on the M62 motorway after a vehicle overturned.
Highways England said two lanes of the M62 westbound are now closed between Junction 34 near Knottingley and Junction 35 at Rawcliffe.
Motorists have been warned to take care on approach after the vehicle overturned at around 1.30pm today (Tuesday).
Montreal, Quebec (webnewswire) July 2, 2018 – Future Electronics, a global leading distributor of electronic components, recently won the award for Overall Sales Growth in 2017 from Epson.
Robert Miller, President of Future Electronics, thanked their team for their hard work and dedication, and congratulated everyone who contributed to the company's outstanding sales growth.
“Future brought many new business opportunities to Epson and achieved outstanding growth in 2017,” said Lisa Liotta-Valine of Epson. “We look forward to continuing and growing this outstanding partnership.”
Epson is a world leader in quartz crystal technology and a leading supplier of high-performance components, including integrated circuits and crystal-based electronic devices.
“We are very grateful to Epson America for this important sales award,” said Heather Goldsmith, Marketing Director at Future Electronics. “We are truly honored to be recognized by Epson, a leader in its field and one of our most valued suppliers, and we are excited about the future of our partnership.”
Robert Miller, President, founded the privately held company in 1968, and has always believed that their employees are the company's greatest asset.
For more information about Future Electronics, visit: www.FutureElectronics.com.
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution, ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide, with an impressive reputation for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions, as well as differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support, technology training and custom board design. Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller, President, Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today, with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world. Future Electronics is globally integrated, with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access, while enabling full integration of its operations, sales and marketing worldwide. Offering the highest level of service, the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle, and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world, Future's mission is always to Delight the Customer®. For more information, visit www.FutureElectronics.com.
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director, Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 (ext. 2236)
Fax: 514-630-2671
martin.gordon@FutureElectronics.com
###
Holly Golightly & the Brokeoffs Saddle Up
UK punk turned Georgia artist Holly Golightly and their better half, Lawyer Dave (aka “& the Brokeoffs”), picked a theme and stuck to it on new album Clippety Clop, out May 4th.
The couple rescues and cares for horses near Athens, so they took in their own interests and experiences while choosing old country, blues, and indie rock songs to cover. Singing what reflects their surroundings and experiences, as respectable folk singers should, makes for a 12-track collection of horse-themed songs.
The songs tell a brief history of popular music, from the traditions kept alive by Woody Guthrie and Alan Lomax to the work of fellow rockers with ears for the past. The former dominates the album, while the latter comes via a cover of alt-rockers Red Red Meat's “Carpet of Horses.” The couple adds their own sonic twist to each archival find, making Big Maybelle's “Jinny Mule” sound like rockabilly and turning cowboy trail anthem “I Ride an Old Paint” into a Vaselines song.
In a market full of archival releases and artists lauded as traditionalists, it's as good a roots music history lesson as you'll find in 2018. Toss in a talented duo able to give these songs shiny new coats of paint, and Clippety Clop is no dog and pony show.
Photo by Troy Martin.
The decision of the RBI to dive deeper into the complicated bad loan resolution process comes at a time when the institution is at a crossroads. Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint
May 2017: The Narendra Modi government empowers the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) through an ordinance to instruct banks to take action against large loan defaulters. The Indian central bank subsequently forces lenders to take powerful companies to bankruptcy court. These moves against large defaulters are unprecedented in India.
June 2017: The six members of the RBI's monetary policy committee (MPC), which includes governor Urjit Patel, refuse to meet representatives of the finance ministry just before the new interest rate policy is to be announced, despite being asked to do so in a formal letter from New Delhi. The MPC holds its ground despite pressure from the government to cut interest rates.
December 2017: Governor Patel says in a press conference that the release of funds for bank recapitalization will be linked to internal reforms in public sector banks, so that the fresh capital is not used to seed the next boom-and-bust credit cycle. Such an allocation of capital should hopefully reduce the old problem of moral hazard.
There are three broad lessons to be gleaned from these recent developments.
First, the RBI has decided to get involved in the nitty-gritty of the bad loans problem at both ends—acting against defaulters and helping the government figure out which banks deserve capital. The banking regulator has shown courage in taking on the rentier networks in Indian finance.
Purists may baulk at the prospect of a central bank that gets involved in the details of the resolution process rather than designing the wider rules of the game, and some critics even wonder whether India is now just a few steps away from the days when the central bank directed credit to specific parts of the economy. These fears have been exaggerated, but the RBI needs to assure critics that its recent decisions on bad loans and bank capital should be seen as catalysing actions—given the inertia of bankers—rather than a permanent state of affairs.
Second, the decision of the Indian central bank to dive deeper into the complicated bad loan resolution process comes at a time when the institution is at a crossroads. The job of setting interest rates is now no longer the sole prerogative of the RBI governor. The task is done jointly by the six members of the MPC. It is worth speculating whether the other tasks of the central bank—financial stability, managing government debt issues, regulating banks and maintaining currency stability—will grow in relative importance.
This is not to say that the core monetary function will cease to matter. Other global central banks with monetary policy committees—which basically means every central bank that matters—continue to influence monetary policy, especially since they control the instruments to manage liquidity in the money market as well as regulatory powers over lenders. But a shift in relative importance is possible.
Third, the role of Patel in these transitions is important. They began their tenure with a wave of criticism after demonetization, but has been very influential in shifting the course of the bad loan resolution process in the right direction. Patel deserves credit for initiating bold moves that have not gone down too well in corporate boardrooms.
They have also done well to nurture the MPC system in its initial months, and there are growing signs that the committee is now settling down, with each member having an identifiable set of concerns. Their public reticence—either purposefully or accidentally—has ensured that the voice of the governor does not dominate that of other MPC members in the public discourse on monetary policy. This is an important achievement given the new monetary policy framework.
There are two possible explanations for the reticence. One, Patel wants to normalize the role of the RBI governor to what it was about two decades ago—as a policymaker rather than a public figure. Two, they feel that the avoidance of friction with the government under the full glare of media attention offers them useful bargaining space in private meetings with the finance minister. It is hard to pick from these two explanations, but enough has happened in recent months to undermine the belief that the RBI has abandoned its quest for operational independence over the past year. The three examples given at the very beginning of this editorial are proof enough.
Should the central bank get involved in the details of a policy process? Tell us at views@livemint.com
By BECKY KISER
Hays Post
A proposed amendment to the Hays Neighborhood Revitalization Plan (NRP) would increase considerably the size of the area–from 209 acres in the downtown area to 1,628 acres primarily north and east of downtown. Individual properties in the NRP would increase to 4,126.
The city hopes the area's expansion would encourage more redevelopment in older neighborhoods.
According to Greg Sund, Hays public works director, the proposal includes properties that reflect the build-out of Hays as of 1965. “It would establish a standard of 50-year old properties in the NRP giving the city a bellwether for amending the area from time to time in the future,” Sund wrote in their memo to city commissioners.
More than 45 properties have benefited from the NRP since its inception in 2002. Property owners receive a rebate on their property taxes which go up due to increased property value. The rebate is not based on the amount invested in a project.
City staff is recommending residential projects be rebated the same as commercial projects which is a 95 percent rebate of increased property value each year for 10 years. The minimum investment for each property type would also be increased, from $5,000 for Residential to $25,000 and from $15,000 for Commercial to $50,000.
At their April 13 meeting, city commissioners voted unanimously to schedule a public hearing during their April 27 meeting to amend the NRP.
Commissioner Henry Schwaller favors keeping commercial tax rebates bigger than residential rebates.
“We have more commercial vacancies than we have commercial tenants,” Schwaller said, “and the threshold for commercial rehab and redevelopment is much higher than residential. But when it happens, then you bring something on the (Ellis county) tax rolls that's worth a lot more.
“It creates long-lasting jobs because now you have new businesses and offices, retail and restaurants occupying otherwise vacant structures.”
Schwaller described the current Hays housing marketing “a little soft right now” but added “people are always buying houses to flip them. If someone sees a house and they think they can make a profit on it, whether they're going to live in it or not, they're going to do it.
“I really believe the focus should be on commercial,” Schwaller said. “Most of the commercial properties in this area have been unchanged since they were built in the late '50s and early '60s. I'd like to see us incentivize that change.”
Mayor Shaun Musil agreed.
“We have a lot of houses being torn down, being rebuilt, but we don't have a lot of the commercial (activity). I would probably lean towards the commercial.”
Commissioner Lance Jones favors equal rebates.
“If you put $100,000 into your house, your house may only go up $50,000 in assessed value,” Jones said. “There are certain things you do on the inside of your house that are not going to raise your assessed value. That's why I would keep it the same 95 percent rebate for both residential and commercial.”
“But again, it's only what the market will bear,” countered Schwaller. “If you're making improvements to the home that don't affect the assessed value, we're not incentivizing you. You won't get the incentive, so 95 percent is of no help.”
“Correct,” Jones nodded in agreement.
“There's a hard cap on what a residential home is worth per square foot, so it doesn't matter whether the incentive is 95 percent or 65 percent. If I paint the house green and do all this great stuff that nobody's going to want, then it's not going to affect the assessed value,” countered Schwaller. “That's an argument for a future meeting, but point taken,” Schwaller said to Jones.
Both the Ellis County commission and the Hays USD 489 school board would also have to approve resolutions supporting the amended NRP.
Commissioner Sandy Jacobs was absent from the meeting.
Both clubs are red hot. Boston's lost one of its last 10, and even without the suspended Marchand handled St. Louis efficiently on Thursday night and pounded 46 shots at Blues goalie Jake Allen, finding all kinds of openings against one of the NHL's better defensive teams. Tuukka Rask is 17-0-2 in their last 19 starts.
The Leafs have won five out of six and four straight, and continue to build a rep as one of the NHL's best road teams despite their youth. Frederik Anderson has made more saves than any other NHL goalie. The Leafs shut out the Islanders and the Rangers this week with a slightly altered lineup that's even faster than the one they were playing with a month ago. Justin Holl has to pinch themselves every day with the week he's having, Travis Dermott might be here to stay, and Kasperi Kapanen's latest attempt to crack the lineup may prove successful. Not so long ago the Leafs wouldn't have dared go into Boston without some muscle, but now fourth-line bruiser Matt Martin can't earn a lineup spot.
Last season, meanwhile, you might have been able to say the Leafs had a brighter future than the Bruins because of all their rookies and high draft picks. But maybe not. Sweeney has aggressively swung deals to restock the team's cupboard of young players, and looks to have done very well in picking McAvoy 14th overall last year and Carlo 37th the year before. McAvoy had a bit of a scare when they had to undergo a heart procedure late last month, but he's back practising.
Pastrnak, inherited by Sweeney, has grown into a point-per-game player. No longer do you look at the Bruins and leave unable to imagine how they'll ever be able to replace the 40-year-old Chara or the 32-year-old Bergeron, both of whom are likely headed to the hall of fame.
Just like the Leafs no longer embrace the truculence program established by Brian Burke, the Bruins aren't focused on trying to be a big, mean team any more. They don't dress a heavyweight or even employ one, remarkable for a team that, starting with the Big Bad Bruins of the 1970s, established a tradition built on toughness. This season, defenceman Kevan Miller, not a particularly nasty customer, leads the team with four fights.
These aren't the days when Pat Quinn walloped Bobby Orr and nearly started a riot, or when Forbes Kennedy tried to fight the entire Boston team, or even the days of not so long ago when the Leafs dressed Colton Orr and Frazer McLaren and the Bruins would counter with Shawn Thornton, Milan Lucic and a host of willing combatants.
These are more peaceful times, and both clubs have adapted. Neither club takes a lot of penalties. The B's still have a little more grind in their game; the Leafs don't hit much and are hard to hit themselves.
Rather than stage a hockey war, the Leafs and Bruins are now more likely to stage a race. The standings would tell you they've chosen the right course, but it'll sure be a different tone than in the past if they meet in this spring's playoffs.
Damien Cox's column usually appears Tuesday and Saturday.
Toronto Star
At least 30 new innovative schools will be opened in Kyrgyzstan in the framework of regional development, the Ministry of Education and Science informed.
According to the ministry, repair works have already begun in 18 facilities.
With the support of the project by the Asian Development Bank, all the schools with be provided with sets of laboratory equipment for natural science subjects, educational and methodological kits, and new equipment. Multimedia classes will be created.
The repair was also started at the Republican Institute for Advanced Training and Retraining of Teaching Personnel. Within the framework of the project, conditions for comfortable teaching of teachers will be created, lecture halls will be equipped with the latest multimedia equipment and furniture.
In parallel with the repair work, online modules for distance learning of teachers are being developed.
The works are carried out within the framework of the decree of the President of the Kyrgyz Republic On the Announcement of 2018 the Year of the Development of Regions.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tim Sherwood has left their role as director of football of Swindon Town - after the club was relegated to League Two.
Former Tottenham boss Sherwood was brought in to the Robins last November by chairperson, and long term friend, Lee Power.
Sherwood's role was to "head up all aspects, including transfers, the way we play, the formations and the picking of the team", according to Power on their appointment.
They were often seen on the Swindon bench with head coach Luke Williams in a confusing union.
(Photo: Bryn Lennon)
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Paul Gilham)
But the partnership unraveled as the Robins only won seven of their 31 games after Sherwood's introduction to drop out of League One.
Ex-Aston Villa chief Sherwood also received a touch-line ban in March after unleashing a foul-mouthed rant at referee Mark Brown - after losing to rival Bury.
Swindon has since appointed David Flitcroft, who with Power decided to change the club's structure - with the former Barnsley gaffer insisting on having sole control over transfers.
Embattled Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Dr. Maikanti Baru, was few hours ago sighted at the Presidential Villa, Abuja about the same time President Muhammadu Buhari was meeting the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr . Ibe Kachikwu.
They were first sighted at the Vice President's Wing of the Presidential Villa before they proceeded to the Office of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari.
Baru later joined Muslim faithful, including Buhari for the Juma'at service in a mosque inside the Presidential Villa.
Details later
Washington
President Trump has given Defense Secretary Jim Mattis the authority to determine troop levels in Afghanistan, three administration officials said Tuesday, opening the door for sending more American forces to a war that the Pentagon chief acknowledged the United States was “not winning.”
Mr. Mattis is believed to favor sending several thousand more American troops to strengthen the effort to advise Afghan forces as they push back against gains made by the Taliban, the Islamic State and other militant groups.
But officials said they had not yet decided how many more forces to send to Afghanistan, or when to deploy them. One United States official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were discussing internal deliberations, said that
Mr. Trump decided on Tuesday morning to grant Mr. Mattis the authority. It was the latest in a series of moves by the White House to give the Pentagon and its military commanders more latitude to deploy forces and carry out operations. Mr. Mattis alluded somewhat cryptically to the decision when they testified on Tuesday morning to the Senate Armed Services Committee.
During their appearance, the defense secretary promised Congress that the Trump administration would develop a new strategy for Afghanistan by mid-July to turn around the war. That timetable led to a feisty exchange with Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and the committee's chairperson, who complained that the Pentagon had yet to present a plan to regain momentum in a conflict that has been going on for more than 15 years. —INP
QFES Assistant Commissioner Ewan Cayzer has been sacked after a lengthy investigation.
QFES Assistant Commissioner Ewan Cayzer has been sacked after a lengthy investigation. Chris Ison ROK120517cfire1
CENTRAL Queensland's highest ranking firefighter has been stood down without explanation.
Assistant Commissioner for Central Region, Ewan Cayzer will end their career on Monday under a confidential agreement with Commissioner Katarina Carroll.
Ms Carroll would not comment on the reasons behind the decision except that an investigation had been launched into a workplace matter in September last year and Mr Cayzer was no longer employed or had a career with the department.
Assistant Commissioner Steve Barber has been relieving in the Central Region position since the investigation began and will continue in the role permanently.
Mr Cayzer spent 13 years with Queensland Fire and Emergency Services and before that, more than 20 years with Victoria's Country Fire Authority.
In 2016 they lead 28 crews into the New Zealand Gully bushfire.
They have not been stripped of any service awards.
SWAN RIVER, MAN.—Residents of a west-central Manitoba town can turn their taps on full again after a water crisis this week that forced them to cut back on showering, dishwashing and toilet-flushing.
Officials in Swan River say crews have completed repairs to one of two broken artesian wells which, along with a third well, supply the community of 4,000 with water.
A statement issued by the town Friday morning says restrictions have been lifted and people can now resume normal water usage.
Deputy mayor Lance Jacobson says work will continue to see if the second affected well can quickly be brought back online.
Swan River declared a local state of emergency last weekend when authorities feared mechanical problems might result in the town running out of water.
"What I see is we're too slow to react, we need to simplify things within the organisation & we need to operate like a race team"
Zak Brown tells #SkyF1 about the areas McLaren must improve, their chat with Boullier, and how their new structure works: https://t.co/ZAmF1Pyet0 pic.twitter.com/dGrhC4XE9Y
TAXILA : Disgruntled Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N) leader Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan on Wednesday hit out at Maryam Nawaz for taunting them for picking jeep symbol to contest the July 25 election as an independent candidate.
Speaking to media here, they sought to explain the reason behind their selection of this symbol, saying it was picked after deliberation with their close aides from their constituency because it is clear and easily understandable.
A day earlier, Maryam, the daughter of former premier Nawaz Sharif, had said jeep is the symbol of aliens.
Nisar said anyone wanted to visit their constituency can do so, which they said worried them in the least. They served their constituents for the past 34 years. They asked their detractors to point out any nook and cranny of the area where there are no signs of their service.
Nisar said the PML-N president issued a statement which an unknown party spokesperson later said didn't reflect party policy. “This is the situation. Where the party is heading. Who is controlling it. These are multiple questions which are unfortunate and have upset every Muslim Leaguer.”
Previously, they said, they held their peace and didn't talk about their rift with the former premier because of ill-health of Kulsoom Nawaz.
But now since their condition was stable; therefore, they wanted to place before the nation certain facts about their break with the PML-N supreme leader, they said.
Nisar said this all has been happening against them for the past 10 months.
They said they quit the office of Interior Minister and didn't become part of the new cabinet after they developed differences with the party and rather shifted their focus on their constituency.
Share on: WhatsApp
When Roseanne Barr compared a prominent black woman to an "ape" on Tuesday, it wasn't the first time. Shortly after Barr tweeted about former Barack Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett, another prominent black woman in the Obama administration, Susan Rice, shared a similar tweet of the comedian's dating back to 2013.
"susan rice is a man with big swinging ape balls," they wrote of Obama's former national security adviser years ago.
Barr tweeted Tuesday that Jarrett looks like if "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby," and the blowback was fierce. By the end of the day, ABC had cancelled Barr's sitcom, and their talent agency dropped them as a client. Barr apologized on Tuesday, but was criticized for subsequently suggesting that Ambien, the popular sleep medication, had compelled them to make the remarks about Jarrett. Ambien's parent company, Sanofi, responded that "racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Barr's newly-resurfaced tweet about Rice is sure to give fuel to critics who argued that Barr's comment about Jarrett wasn't an isolated incident, but rather part of a pattern. Also on Tuesday, Barr accused Holocaust survivor George Soros of collaborating with Nazis (Soros was 9 years old when World War II broke out), and falsely claimed that Chelsea Clinton is married to Soros's nephew.
In fact, Barr has done several things in years past that struck observers as bigoted. In addition to dressing as Adolf Hitler for a photo shoot, she's denounced "ISLAMIC RAPE PEDO CULTURE," called Hillary Clinton adviser Huma Abedin "a filthy Nazi whore" and tweeted about "Jewish mind control." Barr has also trafficked in more general far-right conspiracy theories, such as the claim that the Boston bombing was a "false flag" operation by the United States government.
Nevertheless, Barr's tweets about Jarrett and Soros appear to have been the straws that broke the camel's back (the camel, in this analogy, being the revival of Barr's career). Without specifying which tweet they were referring to, ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said in a statement Tuesday that Barr's "Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show." ICM Partners, the talent agency that had represented her, said Barr's tweets are "antithetical to our core values, both as individuals and as an agency," and announced that "effective immediately, Roseanne Barr is no longer a client."
As the outrage surrounding their Tuesday tweets was growing, Barr issued a brief apology and then said they were "leaving Twitter." They returned shortly thereafter, however, and after implying that Ambien played a role in their tweets, issued a more lengthy apology Wednesday. It read:
I deeply regret my comments from late last night on Twitter. Above all, I want to apologize to Valerie Jarrett, as well as to ABC and the cast and crew of the Roseanne show. I am sorry for making a thoughtless joke that does not reflect my values — I love all people and am very sorry. Today my words caused hundreds of hardworking people to lose their jobs. I also sincerely apologize to the audience that has embraced my work for decades. I apologize from the bottom of my heart and hope you can find it in my hearts to forgive me.
Not long thereafter, however, Barr retweeted a post accusing Jarrett of mismanaging a housing complex.
President Trump, who Barr's fictional character on Roseanne supports, weighed in on the controversy Wednesday. They criticized the chief of ABC for apologizing to Jarrett but not apologizing to Trump "for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC." It's unclear what statements the president was referring to.
With rising heat and fasting , Online food delivery orders through mobile phones and Internet has become very popular in Pakistan during the holy month of Ramadan all across the country as leaving the house to buy food from shops becomes even harder for faithfuls.
A report aired by a private news channel said, In the run-up to Ramadan ,many home delievery food services are trying their level best to grab those last minutes best deals on discounted rates. The trend of online food delivery orders has changed the mindset of customers. Different food chains are trying to push their services through social media sites . Most fast food chains attempt to attract customers during Ramadan by offering special meals that include dates and with affordable prices as they remain closed during the day and open only in the evening.—APP
Related
Peshawar
On the directive of the Chief Secretary Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Muhammad Azam Khan, first ever Khuli Kachehri (Open Court) for minorities was arranged in Bannu district aiming to resolve issues on the spot. Deputy Commissioner Bannu, Muhammad Ali Asghar on this occasion said that issues relating to minorities would be resolved on priority basis after hearing grievances of minorities' communities.
They directed all relevant departments to solve minorities' issues with immediate effect. Additional Deputy Commissioner Kamran Khan, Assistant Commissioner Sher Khan while priest Shakeel Jan from Christian.—APP
Abracadabra by James Howard Kunstler
And so, as they say in the horror movies, it begins…! The unwinding of the Federal Reserve's balance sheet. Such an esoteric concept! Is there one in ten thousand of the millions of people who sit at desks all day long from sea to shining sea who have a clue how this works? Or what its relationship is to the real world?
I confess, my understanding of it is incomplete and schematic at best — in the way that my understanding of a Las Vegas magic act might be. All the flash and dazzle conceals the magician's misdirection. The magician is either a scary supernatural being or a magnificent fraud. Anyway, the audience ‘out there' for the Federal Reserve's magic act — x-million people preoccupied by their futures slipping away, their cars falling apart, their kid's $53,000 college loan burden, or the $6,000 bill they just received for going to the emergency room with a cut finger — wouldn't give a good goddamn even if they knew the Fed's magic show was going on.
So, the Fed has this thing called a balance sheet, which is actually a computer file, filled with entries that denote securities that it holds. These securities, mostly US government bonds of various categories and bundles of mortgages wrangled together by the mysterious government-sponsored entity called Freddie Mac, represent about $4.5 trillion in debt. They're IOUs that supposedly pay interest for a set number of years. When that term of years expires, the Fed gets back the money it loaned, which is called the principal. Ahhhh, here's the cute part!
You see, the money that the Fed loaned to the US government (in exchange for a bond) was never there in the first place. The Fed prestidigitated it out of an alternate universe. They gave this money to a “primary dealer” bank in exchange for the bond, which the bank abracadabraed up for the US Treasury. Well, not really. In fact, the Fed just made a notation on the bank's “reserve” account that the money from the alternate universe appeared there. Somehow that money was sent via a virtual pneumatic tube to the US Treasury, where it was used to pay for drones to blow up Yemeni wedding parties, and for the Secret Service to visit pole dancing bars when the president traveled to foreign lands.
Here's the fun part. The Fed announces that it is going to shed this nasty debt, at about $10 billion worth a month starting this past October. Their stated goal is to reach an ultimate wind-down velocity of $50 billion a month (cue laugh track). If they ever get there (cue laugh track) it would take 20 years to complete the wind-down. The chance of that happening is about the same as the chance that Janet Yellen will come down your chimney on December 24 with a sack-full of chocolate Bitcoins. But never mind the long view for the moment.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
GRAY RAPIDS, N.B.—Two people are dead after the raft they were in overturned on New Brunswick's Miramichi River.
RCMP Sgt. Brent Johnston says eight friends were rafting down the river in Gray Rapids, N.B., on Tuesday shortly after 4 p.m. when it flipped. Johnston says six people made it to shore on their own while a 29-year-old woman from White Rapids, N.B. was pulled from the water by first responders and given CPR. They were taken to hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
Everyone loves finding a good deal on clothing, especially when the money raised goes back to the community.
This weekend, Fox River Mills of Osage, Iowa, is having its annual benefit sock sale.
It's all taking place at the Cedar River Event Center at the Mitchell County Fairgrounds.
Nearly 8,000 people from across Iowa, Minnesota, and Wisconsin make the trip every year.
Shoppers can find a variety of socks, ranging from baby and kids, to work and athletic, and hiking and sports socks.
"It's a cooperative opportunity for the service organizations like the Osage Rotary, Kiwanis, and Lions Club," said Judy Ott, Vice President of Customer Relations for Fox River Mills. "The monies raised here, gives back to the community through scholarship programs and other community projects that need to be done in the community."
Socks go for $1 to $3 per pair.
The three-day event continues from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday, and from 12 to 3 p.m. on Sunday.
For more information about the sale, click here.
Cubs irked about shorter All-Star break next season
The Chicago Cubs aren't happy about hosting the St Louis Cardinals in the only MLB game scheduled for Thursday after the 2018 All-Star break
by Omnisport News 15 Aug 2017, 05:05 IST
Anthony Rizzo
The Chicago Cubs are pencilled in to host the St Louis Cardinals in the only MLB game scheduled for the Thursday following the 2018 All-Star break, and they are not happy about it.
Per the collective bargaining agreement, a single prime time game, called the "spotlight game", will be held on the Thursday coming out of the break starting next season, replacing the Sunday night game that preceded the break this year.
A team can appear in only one of these games over the term of the labour deal, which expires after the 2021 season, so the Cubs and Cardinals will not have to worry about it after next season.
Still, the reigning champions at Wrigley Field are irked about getting a shorter mid-season breather.
"I think it's brutal," Cubs first baseman Anthony Rizzo said, per the Chicago Tribune. "I think it's awful. Look at this year. We needed that [four-day] break."
Cubs manager Joe Maddon added: "I don't think it's a good idea. I'll say that."
While the schedule has not been finalised, according to the version that has been circulating, the Cubs will finish the first half of the season in San Diego.
And with the All-Star festivities in Washington, D.C. and the Thursday game against the Cardinals, that is a lot of travel for some of the players on the team.
Popularity has its consequences, second baseman Ben Zobrist realised.
"We don't want to miss that day [off]," Zobrist said. "We don't want to have to play that day when no one else is playing. ... [But] If you're on one of those teams that has to play that game, it's probably because you're on a good team or a team that everyone likes to watch. It's one of those things you have to accept."
Seven adult 4-H Club volunteers and eight members recently attended the annual Southwest District Volunteer Conference at the Caddo Kiowa Technology Center in Fort Cobb.
The theme this year was “4-H Volunteers Grow Here.”
This conference is held in conjunction with the district speech contest. Three Jackson County 4-Hers — Kara, Regin and Michaella Reed — all gave speeches and represented Jackson County 4-H Club very well.
Ethan and Erick Moreau set up their mini boards and spoke with fellow district 4-Hers about robotics.
Tori Booker represented Jackson County 4-H as a district officer and set up their mini board shooting-sports display.
Volunteers got a chance to attend various workshops regarding starting a dog project club, record book planning, community service to service learning, performing arts, and other great topics. Everyone had a great day and learned a lot.
Some upcoming events include:
Feb. 14 — Oklahoma Youth Expo entries due to the Oklahoma State University Extension office at 2801 N. Main St. Suite A in Altus for nominated exhibitors
Feb. 16 — The Altus 4-H Club meeting 5:30 p.m. at the OSU Extension office
Feb. 21 — Veterinary Science Meeting 4-5 p.m. at the OSU Extension office
Feb. 24-27 — The Jackson County Junior Livestock Show at the Expo Center at 300 Todd Lane in Altus.
Feb. 28 — County officer meeting 5:30 p.m. at the OSU Extension office
Halee Salmon 4-H News http://altustimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_Halee-Salmon-mug-RGB.jpg Halee Salmon 4-H News
Reach Halee Salmon at 580-482-0823 or halee.salmon@okstate.edu or at the Oklahoma State University Extension Office, 2801 N. Main St. in Altus.
Reach Halee Salmon at 580-482-0823 or halee.salmon@okstate.edu or at the Oklahoma State University Extension Office, 2801 N. Main St. in Altus.
Meet Adversity United - the Harrogate football team dreaming big to show the world that disability is no barrier.
Thanks to inspirational Harrogate Grammar School student Cameron Osburn, 17, who set up the team for under 12's, children with disabilities from our district who have a passion for sport will not be sidelined or made to feel any different to anyone else.
THE jobless 30-year-old American who still lives in their parents' home is scrambling to pack up their mess of a room as eviction day looms.
Michael Rotondo is coming off a whirlwind week of media interviews and a trip to Texas to appear on conspiracy theorist Alex Jones' radio show for $3,000 ($A3960) after the story of their parents suing to evict them went viral.
But now, Rotondo has only two days — Friday at noon — to leave their parents' place in Camillus, New York, which he's called home for the past eight years.
MORE:Deadbeat son sued by parents
MORE: Evicted millennial's cringe-worthy TV interview
Camera Icon Michael Rotondo (left) has only two days to leave their parents' house. Picture: AP
“Looking around my room and stuff, how much more is all this going to take to pack?” Rotondo told Syracuse.com after schlepping to a Lowe's store to buy $30 ($A40) worth of boxes and tape.
He'll keep their belongings — piles of books, crumpled clothing, a computer and a bed, according to a photo of their dishevelled room — in a self-storage unit until they find a new place to stay.
“There's no more urgency after that,” they added. “Everything else is just finding a long-term place.”
Rotondo said he's looking for “someplace inexpensive, with internet.”
MORE: We are to blame for today's ‘beatitude' kids
Camera Icon Rotondo's parents' home in Camillus, New York. Picture: Supplied, WSTM TV
The unemployed father of one has been mooching off their parents, Mark and Christina, for the past eight years and showed no signs of moving out until they sued them earlier this month.
The familial spat garnered international headlines and Rotondo shot to overnight infamy, appearing on Fox News, CNN and even earning a paycheck from Jones last Friday.
A Home Depot employee also offered to pay for Rotondo's moving expenses after they complained they were too broke to fly the coop, but they declined.
“Alex Jones makes money for having me on their show,” Rotondo explained.
The woman “does not,” they told Syracuse.com.
But with their new-found celebrity have come “harassing” phone calls, Rotondo claimed.
On Monday, someone with a blocked phone number called their cell and muttered, “Loser,” before hanging up. Rotondo called 911.
“I can't have my phone getting jammed up with nonsense like that,” they said. “I can't have that happen.”
Police responded to their complaint that afternoon, but it's unclear what, if any, action was taken.
This article was originally published by the New York Post and is republished with permission.
Daryn Smith, Director at MPULL, has been announced as one of the speakers at the Integrated Marketing Communication (IMC) Conference 2018 to be held at Vodaworld on 8 Feb. They share their insights on Inbound marketing.
5 years ago when we started MPULL, inbound marketing – and the tactics associated with the methodology – worked extremely well. Every single one of our customers had a positive return on investment.
Nowadays, the same formula often turns up zero results. That's because of evolution.
People hate being marketed and sold to, and as a result, subconsciously try to block out the intrusive white noise of marketing and advertising (sometimes not so subconsciously by using PVR and installing ad blockers).
Then, with the influx of brand blogging where influencers are paid to produce “authentic” content about brands and generate fake news, there are few of us left who can believe the online content we're exposed to.
That said, classic inbound tactics like keyword-stuffed blogging, social media posts to drive traffic to your content, and gating so-called “premium” content behind landing pages, just does not work.
Most of the inbound marketing methodology has been geared towards acquiring new customers and generating leads, and even though we've found the above-mentioned tactics to be ineffective, there are parts of them that still work well. And if you expand your thinking beyond just acquisition, the methodology and supporting tools such as HubSpot seriously deliver.
Adapting inbound for onboarding, renewal, upsell, cross-selling, re-engagement, customer service and experience
The power of the inbound methodology is working out which content to deliver, to whom, in which format, and at what time. Because by doing your homework on the end consumer , you can create awesome experiences that lead to referrals.
The content itself is pivotal – the more personal it is, the more believable it is. It also helps to ensure it's mobile-friendly, so cut it out with the PDFs.
When it comes to acquisition, potential customers begin searching for solutions to their goal or challenge long before settling on a product or service that will solve it. So the earlier you can engage this potential customer, the better. Because not only do you increase the chance of eliminating competitors with a similar product or service, you can eliminate entire product or service categories that act as alternative solutions to the customer. Talk about a head start.
Building customer journeys provides a better solution
The approach we have pivoted to is to build our customers a map for each one of the people they're targeting – a map that resembles the London underground with many different routes that intertwine and affect one another.
There are many different routes to the same destination. And once at the destination, there are many ways in and around it. But we want our consumer to arrive at the same destination despite their starting point, and we automate this to deliver the right content to the consumer, at the right time, in the right format.
These routes aren't going away, so don't be campaign-focused
When a new subway route is built, it's there for good and will continue to drive results for that city. The same should apply for inbound marketing journeys.
So many brands move onto the next big piece of content or the next campaign, instead of optimising and promoting the routes they've already built for customers and potential customers to have amazing experiences
Ultimately, the only marketing that is not being blocked by humans is referral marketing, and the way you get referrals is to create amazing experiences.
Find out more at the IMC Conference
We'll dive deeper into the parts of inbound that work and the parts which don't, as well as how we've pivoted to engineer customer journeys, and give you some real world examples at the IMC Conference 2018. Don't miss it.
Integrated Marketing Communications Conference 2018
Daryn Smith will speak at the Integrated Marketing Communications Conference 2018 on the 8 Feb 2018, Vodaworld, Midrand. 27 of the industry's top minds will present across three stages, tackling nine topical themes in interactive sessions under the theme Evaluate, Consolidate, Integrate. Heated debates, networking platforms and learning content will be packed into one exhilarating day as big brands, top agencies and media owners come together to examine how the local and continental marketing industry is embracing new and exciting trends in the emerging market space.
Register here: http://imcconference.com/conference/johannesburg-2018/home/
ELK COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect after an alleged knife attack and chase.
On Saturday, deputies along with Elk County EMS and Fire and rescue responded to a 911 call of a woman with a head injury that was losing a lot of blood, according to a media release. A medical helicopter was launched.
When deputies arrived on scene they found that the victim had been taken to the hospital by personal vehicle.
Through the investigation law enforcement found that the victim's injury was a result of a stabbing. At the same time, a suspect was found driving a stolen vehicle in a neighboring County.
The suspect fled from an attempted a traffic stop and led law enforcement through four counties before they were taken into custody. Kansas Bureau of Investigation was called to assist the Elk County Sheriff's Office with the investigation. Suspect was first appeared in court on August 14th 2017 on aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.
Authorities did not release the name of the suspect.
YERUSHALAYIM -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 4:00 pm |
Sneezing will become more expensive in the coming days, as major toiletries manufacturers have announced a rise in prices that are expected to be passed on to the Israeli consumer, according to Globes.
Retail prices of facial tissues, toilet paper and paper towels will go up as early as next week, after Kimberly Clarke and Sano-Bruno said that a rise in the cost of paper necessitates the price change.
Kimberly Clarke has already notified its distributors of a 10 percent increase in the prices of its paper goods. Sources say that Sano Soft will go up by 9-12 percent. Kimberly Clarke's corresponding important brands are Lily, Molett, and Nikol.
The supermarket chains indicated that Sano was raising its prices for the first time since the 2011 social protest.
Sano refused to comment on the matter, saying only that “The company's business matters are managed directly with the relevant parties.”
We're constantly fascinated by what our zodiac sign says about our lives, whether it's which signs are most compatible or how each sign handles conflict in relationships. That's why Bustle has enlisted Mecca Woods, a New York City-based astrologer of MyLifeCreated.com, to tell us all about how astrology is affecting our lives each day. Today's topic: your daily horoscope for May 30, 2018.
The Moon remains in optimistic and freedom-loving Sagittarius today; putting us in the mood for new experiences and adventures. Since Sagittarius is also a zodiac sign associated with wisdom and truth-seeking, we're also in the mood to learn and share what we know. With Mercury, the planet of communication, now in Gemini; our curiosity grows by the day. By late this afternoon, Mercury teams up with wounded Chiron in Aries to help us with speaking up on things that may have been too painful to discuss as well as something we may have been scared to bring up. Overall, today reminds us how important it is to use our voices.
Read below to see what the stars mean for your sign today.
Aries (March 21 - April 19)
Tina Gong/Bustle
In terms of your self-image, are you letting negative self-talk get in your way? If the answer is "yes", you're encouraged to be more gentle with yourself today and the words you choose in reference to yourself. Remember that it's your opinion of you that counts the most.
Taurus (April 20 - May 20)
Tina Gong/Bustle
When it comes to getting what you want, it's important to rely on your intuition too, not just what you can see in front of you. Meanwhile, when it comes to your money and resources, it's time to work on shifting your beliefs around scarcity and lack. You have more than you think.
Gemini (May 21 - June 20)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You may find yourself in the mood to air out grievances with a longtime friend or someone that may have hurt you in the past. If you do decide to discuss how you feel, saying what you need to say will feel cathartic for you. On another note, being your witty, charming self draws new friends.
Cancer (June 21 - July 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You might find yourself going above and beyond today in a quest to prove how hardworking and successful you are. Though if you're looking for applause, there's a chance that you might not get it. That's why it's best for you to be your own cheerleader right now. Continue to trust yourself.
Leo (July 23 - Aug. 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You usually don't mind being in the spotlight, but today you might be feeling a bit insecure, especially around your level of knowledge or something you don't know. Remember, what you don't know, you can learn. Also, who says you have to know it all anyway? Cut yourself some slack.
Virgo (Aug. 23 - Sept. 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You're used to doing things alone and soldiering through when things get tough. But today, you may be called to be a bit more vulnerable than you're used to, as you'll need the support and dedication from others to see you through. At the same time, vulnerability is endearing and relatable.
Libra (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
If love hasn't been going the way you want, talking about your relationship experiences with an expert or therapist could open your eyes to something that you may not have known before. This information could help you to make the changes you want to see in your love life. Writing helps too.
Scorpio (Oct. 23 - Nov. 21)
Tina Gong/Bustle
Some self care may be in order today, especially if you feel like you've been doing a lot for others and not enough for yourself. At the same time, if something has been weighing on your chest, you might find a way to vocalize it today. Don't just sit in your feelings. Work to release them.
Sagittarius (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You may be feeling a bit gun shy today, but remember that being imperfect is genuine and honest. While there's always room for improvement, celebrate yourself for being who you are. You might find that it's enough. Also, when it comes to love and romance, focus on what you do want.
Capricorn (Dec. 22 - Jan. 19)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You might need to have a heart-to-heart with a family member today as some old feelings could come bubbling up. You usually like to push through your feelings and sort through them alone, but today your healing lies in your ability to openly discuss them with another. Lighten your load.
Aquarius (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You might be feeling like your ideas aren't worth sharing but people want to hear what you have to say. Don't be afraid to take up the spotlight because you deserve it. If you need a little encouragement, talk to friends that can lend you a supportive ear. Overall, it's your time to shine.
Pisces (Feb. 19 - March 20)
Tina Gong/Bustle
"Don't be afraid to ask for more". That might have to be your mantra today. Why only focus on having just enough when abundance is your birth right. Don't think you have to settle or that you deserve to have less. Start believing in your worth and watch how things start to shift for the better.
Editor's note: This story includes language that some may find offensive.
It was 1968. But playwright Mart Crowley felt they had to write what they knew.
"Nobody wanted the play," Crowley says. "Not even agents wanted to look at this play. They just thought it was pornographic and it was outrageous."
What they wrote in The Boys in the Band was a thinly veiled slice of autobiographical fiction. A group of gay friends gather for a raucous birthday party; by the end of the evening, secrets are spilled, tears are shed.
The playwright says they wanted to capture "the atmosphere of what it was like to be gay and everything you did or felt was against the law, and that you could get arrested for almost anything and it could be blamed on that."
Crowley points to one important line that they wrote: "Not all faggots bump themselves off at the end of the story." It's voiced by the character they based on himself.
"He was talking about plays in which most of the time, when there was a gay character, they wind up committing suicide or getting beaten to death or sent to prison," Crowley says. "There was always a terrible fate for anybody who was gay. And so, I was determined not to have that happen, here in this."
In the 50 years since The Boys in the Band opened, the play has been both lionized as a path-breaking depiction of gay life in the 1960s, and criticized for antiquated attitudes that run counter to the current LGBTQ movement. It's being revived currently on Broadway, with a cast that includes TV and film stars Jim Parsons, Matt Bomer and Zachary Quinto. But it's also important to remember that in those 50 years, many of the original cast and crew died of AIDS.
When some courageous producers first took on The Boys in the Band, the play became a phenomenon. It ran over 1,000 performances off-Broadway, and saw productions across the country and around the world. And it was adapted into a film.
Laurence Luckinbill played the character Hank in the original play and the film. Luckinbill, who was a college friend of Crowley's and is straight, says getting actors to appear in The Boys in the Band was difficult.
"I went and told my agent — who was gay, whose husband was gay, who were closeted — and I said, 'I'm going to do the play,'" Luckinbill says. "And they said, 'Well, there goes your career.'"
Despite the play's success, they did lose jobs, including a contract for cigarette commercials.
"The only answer they would give me, it was from the head guy, and they said, 'No fags smoke our fags,'" Luckinbill says.
There was even backlash from within the gay community. Luckinbill says an early activist organization denounced the play the day after it opened.
"The Mattachine Society criticized us, whining [it] made gay people look bad," they say.
A year after the opening came the Stonewall riots, when members of New York's gay community protested a police raid on a bar in Greenwich Village. That marked the beginning of the modern gay rights movement. And in the following years, the AIDS crisis took the lives of five of the actors, the stage manager, two producers and the director.
"And so they basically fell in battle as far as I'm concerned," Luckinbill says.
Tuc Watkins plays the same role in the revival that Laurence Luckinbill played in the original.
"My initial reaction was: Why are we going to go up into the attic and look at that thing again?" Watkins says. "Because I have come from a place of: I want to be out and proud and move forward and make progress. And it wasn't until we read it and we started talking about it that I was reminded that we need to know where we came from in order to move forward and appreciate the freedoms that we have."
The revival is directed by Joe Mantello, who assembled a cast of nine openly gay actors. Mantello says even they were a little concerned that the play wouldn't speak to gay life in 2018.
"This play can't possibly speak for everyone," Mantello says. "But it did speak for Mart [Crowley] and it is Mart's truth. And I think it holds up beautifully."
For their part, Mart Crowley is happy that The Boys in the Band finally made it to Broadway. And actor Brian Hutchison says it still connects with audiences on a very personal level. One evening after the play, they met two men in their 80s.
"And one of the guys just burst into tears and they were streaming down their face and they couldn't really speak," Hutchinson says. "And their friend said, 'You moved them more than you know. He's had a rough road.' ... It's deeply moving to know that there are still people coming to the play who were living that life, you know, and they're still living that life or have those regrets."
EDMONTON—The Canadian military has deployed 60 members of an Edmonton-based helicopter squadron to Iraq as part of Operation Impact, a mission to fight Daesh militants in the country's north.
The Department of National Defence says the Royal Canadian Air Force's 408 Tactical Helicopter Squadron will take over from their counterparts from Valcartier, Que., who have been providing tactical support since October 2016.
The 408 squadron operates out of 3rd Canadian Division Support Base in Edmonton.
They will fly and maintain up to four CH-146 Griffon helicopters at Camp Erable near Erbil, Iraq.
Maj.-Gen. Christian Drouin, commander of 1 Canadian Air Division, says the squadron will provide support to both Canadian and coalition partners.
[David Ignatius] Michael Flynn‘s star burns out
A strange and circuitous path led Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn toward their fateful telephone contact in late December with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, and the flameout of what had been a distinguished military career.
Military and intelligence colleagues who served with Flynn describe them as a brilliant tactician whose work in the shadowy Joint Special Operations Command a decade ago didn't prepare them for broader challenges as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, from which they were removed in 2014, and national security adviser, the post they resigned Monday night.
“In the JSOC world, you think you‘re Superman,” said a former Pentagon superior of Flynn's. After the disappointment at DIA, they said, “Flynn wanted recognition from anyone who would give it to him.” The Russians paid attention, and they reciprocated.
A four-star general who served closely with Flynn sees a painful lesson: “Flynn‘s is an advisory tale to naive military officers. Swim with the sharks and you're sometimes the chum.”
Flynn made their name perfecting the “find, fix, finish” tactics employed by JSOC against al-Qaida in Iraq. The intelligence haul from one night‘s raid would be processed in a few hours, and the leads from cellphones and laptops would drive the next night's raids.
Those inside JSOC‘s super-secret operations felt “we're conquering the world,” recalls one colleague. Flynn continued to shine as intelligence chief at Centcom, then at the joint staff at the Pentagon, and finally in Afghanistan, where I first met him. Their appointment to head the DIA in 2012 was the culmination of what had been a charmed rise to the top.
Then bad things began to happen, some involving Russia, and Flynn‘s path began to veer toward Monday's catastrophe.
The DIA, a messy agency of nearly 20,000, mostly civilians, was famously the underachiever in the intelligence community. Flynn tried to fix everything at once. They had an ambitious but unrealistic plan for fusing the agency into mission centers. Their superiors said no; Flynn went ahead anyway. Employees complained of shouting matches, bad leadership and a demoralized agency.
Along the way, Flynn became enthusiastic about improving liaison with Russia, which they saw as a natural counterterrorism partner. They visited the Russian military-intelligence agency, the GRU, in 2013, and came back advocating greater cooperation in monitoring Syrian chemical weapons. Even after Russia invaded Crimea in 2014, Flynn proposed inviting the intelligence chiefs of its various theater commands to Washington for discussions. Their superiors rejected what they saw as a supremely ill-timed proposal.
After Flynn was forced out in 2014, they complained that their ouster reflected disagreements about Middle East strategy. Colleagues at the time say it was simply a story of management failure -- a good officer in the wrong job.
An embittered Flynn continued to advocate closer cooperation with Russia -- and began issuing strident denunciations of the Obama administration. They told Al-Jazeera television in August 2015 that the rise of the Islamic State group was a “willful Washington decision.” They told the German magazine Der Spiegel in December 2015 that US military operations in Iraq and Libya had been a “mistake” and a “strategic failure.” These became major themes for Donald Trump, whose campaign Flynn informally began advising in late 2015.
Flynn did something in December 2015 that has haunted them ever since. They gave a paid speech in Moscow at the 10th anniversary celebration of Russia Today, a global cable network described by US intelligence as “the Kremlin‘s principal international propaganda outlet.” The RT interviewer pushed them to say positive things about US-Russian cooperation, and Flynn complied.
“Stop being like two bullies in the playground!” Flynn said in Moscow. “It's a marriage, whether we like it or not, and that marriage is very, very rocky right now.” In a separate RT interview in Moscow, they urged that the two countries share intelligence and operations centers against Islamic terrorism. Flynn sat next to President Vladimir Putin at a celebratory dinner on that 2015 trip.
Friendly relations continued. During 2016, even as the Russians were mounting what US intelligence described as a covert attack on the presidential election, Flynn had several contacts with Kislyak. The fateful one came in late December, when the two men discussed US sanctions against Russia, even as the Obama administration was expelling 35 diplomats.
Flynn‘s fall is a painful story, with many unanswered questions. Perhaps the biggest is why a retired general, schooled in the chain of command, would have talked with Kislyak without consulting their boss, Donald Trump. That's the White House line, but this investigation of Russiagate is just beginning.
By David Ignatius
David Ignatius' email address is davidignatius@washpost.com. –Ed.
(Washington Post Writers Group)
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After three days of silence and criticism, Donald Trump finally condemned white supremacists as "criminals and thugs" in an unscheduled statement.
Speaking from the White House, the President said racist violence had "no place in America" and branded racism "evil."
They specifically called out the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis and white supremacists for the first time, after days of criticism for failing to do so.
Speaking the morning after the rally, Donald Trump condemned violence "on many sides" at the rally, and refused to answer questions about the far-right and neo Nazi groups' support for their presidency.
One person died and 20 injured at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday, after a man drove a car into a group of anti-fascist protesters.
Far-right protester James Alex Fields Jr, 20, has been charged with second-degree murder following protester Heather Heyer's death.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
The President's silence led to days of criticism for the President, who was accused of suggesting anti-fascist campaigners were just as bad as the Nazis they were protesting against.
Trump returned to Washington from their New Jersey golf club this morning to take meetings.
They met this morning with FBI director Andrew McCabe and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and announced the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
Trump said: "To anybody who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered.
"As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence. It has no place in America.
And as I have said many times before, no matter the colour of our skin, we all live under the same laws. We all salute the same great flag. And we are all made by the same almighty god.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
"We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
They added: "Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America."
They paid tribute to the young woman killed in the attack, Heather Heyer.
"He death fills us with grief," they said. "And we send their family our thoughts, our prayers and our love."
They also paid tribute to the two Virginia state troopers, Jay Cullen and Berke Bates, who died in a helicopter accident while policing the rally.
The global homeopathy product market has been experiencing a heavy presence of small and medium enterprises (SMEs), as noted by Transparency Market Research (TMR) in its latest report. This could be evident from a just over 27.0% share jointly accumulated by five leading players in 2015. In the same year, a 17.3% share was secured by Boiron Group, which is considered to be significant enough to influence the direction of the market. The company has been able to hold a commanding position in the industry due to its telling presence in key regions such as the Middle East and Africa (MEA), Asia Pacific, North America, and Europe.
Request for the Sample Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=16460
Domain experts at TMR prognosticate the global homeopathy product market to make drastic progress during the forecast tenure 2016-2024 at an 18.2% CAGR. As the final forecast year sees completion, the market could post a revenue collection of US$17.4 bn progressing from a US$3.8 bn collected in 2015. Dilutions are foreseen to be a lucrative product to focus on since they could bag a king's share of the market while expanding at a CAGR of 17.8%. Although the MEA could rank higher on the basis of CAGR, Europe is anticipated to outclass every other region with its dominating share of a 36.4% by 2024.
Homeopathy product manufacturers could cash in on the increasing concerns of allopathic medicines on the part of their high usage. The prolonged usage of allopathic medicines could have serious side effects, about which consumers and non-consumers are becoming increasingly aware. Seasoned analysts expect this to be a crucial factor escalating the demand in the world homeopathy product market since consumers are desperately looking for alternative treatments.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=16460
A TMR analyst has stated that the market is predicted to be on the brink of being a mainstay in most important regions. An independent survey conducted in the recent past had revealed a lush amount of spending on homeopathy products in North America alone. Manufacturers of homeopathy products are envisioned to keep a close eye on the rise of various diseases around the globe, which has been swelling the requirement of different drugs and medicines.
Suppliers of homeopathy products are envisaged to suffer when operating in the global market because of a substantial shortfall in quality control. It could be challenging to implement quality assurance standards with a consolidated effort because a considerable part of the total market revenue is collected by SMEs dispersed across key regions. Manufacturers are prophesied to face the brunt of reduced demand and negative customer experience on account of the lack of adherence to sound manufacturing practices, thus compromising product quality to a significant degree.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/16460
However, players have been taking to the adoption of powerful business strategies such as geographical expansion into the MEA and Asia Pacific and strong promotional and marketing activities to cement their position in the international homeopathy product market. Moreover, there has been an intelligent usage of the extremely influential ecommerce marketplace, which could be an evidence of competent opportunities prevailing in the industry.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Guerrero seems OK being patient about the "when" part of their impending promotion, taking advice they get from their father to heart as they try to become a more complete player. He's also got some company on the bench in teammates who grew up watching their fathers play in the majors. Cavan Biggio, son of Hall of Famer Craig Biggio, and Bo Bichette, son of Dante, are also infielders with the Fisher Cats.
"The people don't only come to see me. They also come to see my teammates because they are really good, too," Guerrero said. "I don't pay much attention to that (hype). When I go home I just try to rest and come here the next day."
Guerrero's Canadian ties have only led to more of a frenzy for Toronto fans who want them there now. They were born in Montreal, when Vlad Sr. was a young outfielder for the Expos with one of the top arms in the game.
Schneider said that arm strength was passed on and Vlad Jr. has worked hard to hone it with their defensive skills at third base.
"If you put Vlady out in centre field, he'll fire that thing right to home on one bounce or in the air. He's got a cannon," Schneider said.
Schneider said Guerrero's defence is strong, but is often overshadowed by what he's been doing at the plate.
"When their bat is so good, their glove is going to be behind no matter what. He's made great strides and he's right where they should be defensively," Schneider said.
Schneider described Guerrero as a "fun kid," who drew laughs from their teammates by putting on a catcher's mask while taking grounders during infield practice.
"He comes to the field every day and he's just like 'let's go,'" Schneider said. "It's easy to do when you're having the success that he's having, but he's just ready to roll every day and he's a lot of fun.
"He's a lot of fun to be around."
Yet Wettlaufer, 49, continued to work as a registered nurse until October 2016, when they were charged with eight counts of first-degree murder of people in their care. Four counts of attempted murder and two counts of aggravated assault were added later.
The documents also reveal that their firing from the Caressant Care home on March 31, 2014, was reported to the College of Nurses of Ontario, which regulates the profession.
Accused serial killer Elizabeth Wettlaufer was fired from a Woodstock nursing home for a “medication error” that put the life of a resident at risk, according to documents obtained by the Star.
All registered nurses fired from their jobs must be reported to the college. But when the Star revealed that Wettlaufer was fired from Caressant, where seven of the alleged murders occurred, home officials and the college refused to say whether notification had occurred.
A letter to the college makes clear that it did, and reveals for the first time the reason for Wettlaufer's dismissal.
“We are reporting the termination of the above named individual (Elizabeth Wettlaufer) to the College of Nurses,” says the Caressant Care letter, dated April 17, 2014. “She was terminated due to a medication error which resulted in putting a resident at risk.”
The college acknowledged receipt of the termination notice in a letter to Caressant Care dated July 17, 2014.
“The College is considering the information you have brought forward to determine what further action should be taken,” says the college's letter, also obtained by the Star.
The college asked Caressant to keep all documents relevant to Wettlaufer's firing for up to two years “pending investigation.” It adds, however, that the matter will be treated as confidential, and Caressant will not be informed of any investigation into Wettlaufer the college might conduct.
The college then thanks Caressant for the notification and adds: “It is through actions of this kind that the College is able to fulfil its responsibility for governing the profession and protecting the public interest.”
Wettlaufer is accused of killing 75-year-old Arpad Horvath at a London nursing home five months after they were fired from Caressant. Police allege they then tried to kill a nursing home resident in Paris, Ont., in September 2015, and tried to kill again while providing in-home care in August 2016.
Them dismissal from Caressant raises questions about whether their three alleged victims after leaving the nursing home could have been spared.
Jane Meadus, staff lawyer at Toronto's Advocacy Centre for the Elderly legal clinic, called on the college to reveal whether it investigated Wettlaufer once it was notified of them dismissal.
“Who are they protecting?” Meadus said of the college. “Are they protecting the public or are they protecting their members? Their job is to protect the public, and we need to know that they have done their job.”
Medication errors in nursing homes are unfortunately common, Meadus said, and nurses who commit them are rarely fired. That suggests Wettlaufer's error must have been extremely serious or it came on the heels of a series of medication errors during their seven years at Caressant, Meadus added.
“What did the college do?” Meadus asked. “Did they get this (termination notice) and go, ‘Oh, medication error, we'll just file that away.' ”
What's clear is that there was no record of disciplinary action on Wettlaufer's public status with the college until they “resigned” as a registered nurse shortly before being charged last October, Meadus notes.
The college has said it is investigating Wettlaufer's “professional conduct,” but refuses to say whether it investigated them at the time of the dismissal notice. Told about Caressant's notification letter, the college refused to say what actions it took, if any.
“The College understands the public's desire for more information given the extremely serious nature of this case,” the college's director of communications, Deborah Jones, said in a statement to the Star.
However, the ongoing criminal investigation, the college's own investigation and confidentiality requirements limit what the college can say, the statement added.
Jones said the college investigates all termination reports it receives and “takes appropriate action based on the level of risk to the public.”
Friends of Wettlaufer's have said they told them they got hooked on drugs from the medication cart they controlled at Caressant Care, and got fired when they gave a resident the wrong medicine while high.
Meadus also wonders how much information about Wettlaufer's dismissal Caressant gave to the college, and whether the family of the resident subjected to the medication error was informed.
Contacted by the Star, a Caressant spokesperson, Lee Griffi, refused to comment on the letter to the college.
After Wettlaufer was charged, inspectors with the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care found 41 “medication incidents” at Caressant Care between early August and late December 2016.
They include five cases where medication was “given to the wrong residents,” three cases where meds were given at the wrong time, six where the wrong dosage was given, 22 where prescribed meds were not given, and one where a medication was given with no prescription from a physician.
On Jan. 25, the ministry suspended new admissions at Caressant because of safety concerns. The for-profit home has 193 beds.
Wettlaufer appears via video link Wednesday in a Woodstock court.
Celebrants are just one of the things you'll find at the Coffs Coast Advocate Wedding Expo
Celebrants are just one of the things you'll find at the Coffs Coast Advocate Wedding Expo Mike and Amy Photography
YOUR wedding ceremony should be everything you dreamed of - whether that's a formal affair or a few simple words spoken on a pristine beach.
No matter your style, choosing the right celebrant to achieve your dream can be a daunting task; especially when there are so many wonderful celebrants to choose from.
One of our foremost local celebrants is Simon Joice from Married by Simon, who has been actively part of the wedding industry for more than 25 years.
Simon said finding a professional and experienced celebrant will set the tone for the rest of your wedding celebration, so it's important to choose an awesome celebrant, not just a good one.
"An awesome celebrant will take the time to really know the couple they are marrying, they will ask questions about your relationship, what your family and friends mean to you, your proposal, your hopes and dreams for the future as husband and wife.
"I always ask my couples what they truly love, adore and even tolerate about each other - always guaranteed a laugh!”
Simon said the feeling you get when you sit down with a potential celebrant will soon help make your decision
"An awesome celebrant will conduct your ceremony like you have been friends for years, they will look and speak to all of your family and friends and not forget to acknowledge your beautiful bridal party.
"Your guests will not be spectators at the ceremony - they will be part of your celebration. They will always put you at ease and have everything in place before you walk down the aisle.”
Simon said while getting to know your celebrant, and creating a wonderful ceremony together, there are a lot of basic things that shouldn't be overlooked.
"You need to have a back-up plan for adverse weather if it's outdoors, ensure guests will be comfortable - for example if it's going to be hot, have water available. Your celebrant should offer a PA system that's up to the task and a signing table as part of their service - and plan the ceremony for a time that allows you plenty of light to get those magical photographs afterwards.”
Hottest Wedding Trend
Simon said the one of the fastest growing trends in wedding ceremonies is micro-weddings.
What's a micro-wedding? Well as the name suggests, it's all about celebrating your special day with only your nearest and dearest.
"A micro-wedding is best described as a small, intimate and relaxed ceremony,” Simon said.
" Unlike elopements where secrecy is often the deciding factor, micro-weddings allow couples to really express who they are and reflect this in their relationship without any pressure.”
A micro-wedding can be anything from four to 40 guests, usually at a dream location.
"Best of all, micro-weddings won't blow the budget, allowing a couple to spend more of their precious money on well - them.”
Married by Simon will be at the 15th Annual Coffs Coast Advocate Wedding Expo at Bonville Golf Resort 10am - 1.30pm Sunday June 3
Arlington's new $1.1 billion ballpark is officially under construction, as crews begin working around the clock, six days a week, on the Texas Rangers' new home. In order to be ready for the 2020 season, an estimated 97,000 truckloads of dirt must first be hauled away to make room for the 41,000 seat stadia.
What does Macy's do when they're not planning and executing their annual Thanksgiving Day Parade? Well, besides being a major department store chain, they also throw New York City's definitive firework show on the Fourth of July. Those not in New York but want to catch the show can stream the Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular online. While 2018 may not really put you in the mood for celebrating America, that doesn't mean that there's anything wrong with indulging in the cathartic beauty of a firework show — not to mention an impressive lineup of musical performances. So even if you're not in front of a TV, you can still get in on the fun.
The Fireworks Spectacular is going to be airing on NBC starting at 8 p.m. ET on July 4, but those looking to stream the celebration will have to go to the NBC Live website or watch it on NBC's official app. However, both methods require viewers to have a cable subscription with a recognized TV provider. In lieu of a cable subscription, hopeful viewers can use services like Hulu Live or Sling TV, which allow users to stream network channels without going through a cable package. If it's your first time using any of these streaming methods, be sure to give yourself some time to get things set up so you don't risk missing any of the festivities.
The event will culminate in a 25-minutes display, which Macy's promises will feature 3000 individual firework shells and effects including 20 brand-new ones, lights going to a height of 1000 ft, and 25 different colors of explosions throughout the evening. However, leading up to the grand finale, the show will feature multiple musical acts to hype up the crowd in New York, as well as audiences watching at home, for the light-filled night sky. With can't-miss pop acts starting at 8 p.m., you'll want to be seated on your couch early to catch these major acts.
Kelly Clarkson
Mike Coppola/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Who better to perform at a Fourth of July celebration than the original American Idol herself? Kelly Clarkson will be singing at the ceremony, likely hits from their most recent album Meaning Of Life. While she'll be showcasing their stint as a coach on The Voice as well as their newest material, it'd be such a missed opportunity for Clarkson to not perform their 2003 single "Miss Independent" on Independence Day.
Ricky Martin
David Becker/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
While Ricky Martin's most notable media contribution in 2018 arguably came in the form of an acting role in American Crime Story, he'll be getting behind the mic for the Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular. Martin's visibility as a pop star in America isn't as widespread as it was in the "Livin' La Vida Loca" days, the Spectacular is a great opportunity to give viewers a taste of what their music sounds like today.
Keith Urban & Blake Shelton
Jason Kempin/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Country is one of the most American of music genres, and the genre will be well represented at the Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular. Country superstar Keith Urban (an Aussie, granted) will be rocking the festival, as well as Clarkson's The Voice castmate Blake Shelton, all before the fireworks display takes over the programming for the evening.
With an all-star lineup of musicians and possibly the most impressive fireworks show in the entire country, the Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular is the holiday special not to be missed. Whether you're streaming on your phone or screening it on your TV for your friends and family, the Spectacular is a celebration that doesn't require you to leave your house.
“The euro is the currency of the entire Eurozone. On the international level what counts are the surplus of the entire Eurozone, not that of Germany.” Sapin said they hoped that Trump would understand quickly how advantageous and important ties with the European Union were for the well-being of the United States.
Knowing that makeup lovers are having a major '90s moment right now, MAC decided to cater to their grunge-lip, metallic shadow interests by introducing a new '90s-inspired collection. MAC's Throwbacks line is a literal blast from the past, featuring an arrangement of matte, frost, and satin finish lipsticks and eyeshadows. The idea behind the collection is to bring back an array of discontinued colors from the brand's vault, and they all seem to be from the peak Mariah Carey and Selena days.
"#THROWBACK to blissful times when your fave lip and eye shades were by your side. Or tune into the present — because they're back and here to stay! We're reintroducing the lipsticks and eye shadows you've been missing most from the MAC vault," the brand shared.
The seven lipsticks and four eyeshadows that have been brought back come in a range of dark browns, light frosted pinks, and deep tan hues, mimicking the colors that made the '90s so memorable.
To get into the nitty gritty specifics, the single-palette eyeshadow colors come in a range of neutral shades, letting you choose from an assortment of beiges, baked browns, chalky pinks, and shimmery whites, giving off major Friends vibes circa 1994, when powdery shadow looks were in. As for the lipsticks, you could choose from brick brown frosted lip colors, orange-coral matte hybrids, and shimmery light pink shades that will make you think of the Mandy Moore and Britney Spears posters taped to the inside of junior high lockers.
What's even more exciting is that this collection is here to stay, becoming a permanent part of the brand's lineup, meaning you'll never have to feel the heartbreak of seeing it discontinued for a second time. To give you a better idea of what the collection has to offer, check out some of they top picks below. And if you want to shop the collection directly, it's already available at MAC stores and online.
Marrakesh Matte Lipstick MAC Cosmetics Marrakesh Matte Lipstick, $17.50, MAC Cosmetics A classic reddish-brown lipstick, this color carries terracotta undertones, but doesn't swipe on as too orange. If you like warm auburn-brown shades, then this is the throwback color for you.
Spanish Fly Frost Lipstick MAC Cosmetics Spanish Fly Frost Lipstick, $17.50, MAC Cosmetics A reddish-brown duo-chrome color with a golden bronze shimmer, this is the ultimate frosted lipstick. While it might look like an intense, sparkle-packed color when you look at the bullet, it swipes on much more naturally. On the lips it looks like a warm brown with a slight metallic finish, so it's not quite as "Y2K" as it seems.
Icon Frosted Lipstick MAC Cosmetics Icon Frosted Lipstick, $17.50, MAC Cosmetics A frosted neutral beige, this was the look du jour during the grunge era and peak R&B decade. A nude-like color with a gold foil on top, it looks amazing on all skin tones.
Kid Eyeshadow MAC Cosmetics Kid Eyeshadow, $16, MAC Cosmetics A beige cashmere color, this could either be a great crease shade, or you could wear it across the whole lid to create a kind of taupe eye look. Buttery and blendable, it's got a soft orange undertone finish.
The No. 13 seed advanced to the third round of the grass-court Grand Slam with a 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over unseeded Australian John Millman.
Milos Raonic's big serve has powered the Canadian to another victory at Wimbledon.
Raonic had just four break-point opportunities in the match, winning one.
But Millman did next to nothing against Raonic's serve, converting on one-of-two break-point chances. Raonic had 34 aces, compared to only three for Millman.
The 27-year-old from Thornhill leads the ATP Tour in the past year with wins in 73.7 per cent of their tiebreaks — and Raonic continued that trend in their second-round victory.
QUEBEC—Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer said Friday they are open to echoing some of the Quebec government's constitutional demands in their party's 2019 election platform.
During a trip with their family to Quebec City, the Tory leader said Premier Philippe Couillard's plan included some “very interesting proposals.”
Couillard announced last May they hoped to create favourable conditions that could lead to the eventual reopening of constitutional negotiations, and to Quebec's final approval of the 1982 Constitution.
The Quebec premier said at the time they wanted to launch a vast coast-to-coast discussion in the hopes of having the province's distinct character officially recognized.
Read more:
The devastating aftermath of the Maryland helicopter crash
Shona has just been revealed as Clayton's mum
Woman gives birth to baby boy just hours after hu
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A US military helicopter has crashed on a golf course injuring at least one crew member, according to reports.
Army officials said a UH-60 Black Hawk had a hard landing on the course and that the conditions of three people on board was not immediately clear.
One person was taken by medical helicopter from the scene, army officials said.
The crash occurred at the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club, in St. Mary's County, in the US.
They said state police are assisting military authorities and they would not comment on specifics of the crash, the injuries sustained by those on board, or the type of aircraft.
(Photo: Twitter/@NJaffurs)
(Photo: Twitter/@NJaffurs)
The golf course is about 61 miles south of Washington.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the club's pro shop, told local media they saw the helicopter "flying kind of low" and then "saw it spinning" before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
A study has found that the Great Lakes of Huron and Michigan have surpassed Lake Superior in water clarity.
Minnesota Public Radio reports that scientists analyzed satellite images from 1998 to 2012 and found that the depth light could penetrate into the water increased by about 20 percent.
Scientists say less phosphorous runoff, climate change and an increase in invasive zebra and quagga mussels have contributed to the change.
Michigan Technological University Senior Research Scientist Gary Fahnenstiel co-authored the study. They say the mussels filter the water by eating plankton, which absorb light.
Michigan Tech Research Institute Co-director Robert Shuchman also co-authored the study. They say the decrease in plankton could cause major changes to the ecology in the lakes.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
GOP Baseball Practice Shooting: Scalise, Staff Injured
A shooting in Alexandria, Va., has left several people wounded. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was shot in the hip and is in stable condition. The suspect was arrested and is in custody.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
We're following developments this morning into a shooting in northern Virginia that has left several people injured. A man described by eyewitnesses as white and middle-aged opened fire on a baseball practice where Republican members of Congress and their staffers were getting ready for a charity baseball game. Capitol Police were on the scene and returned fire.
The suspect was arrested and is now in custody. The number three in the House of Representatives, Steve Scalise, was shot in the hip and is now in stable condition. We're told five others were shot in this attack.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Let's go now to one of the lawmakers who was present at that baseball game this morning. Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona is on the line from Alexandria, Va. Senator, I'm glad you're OK. I'm sorry to hear this news.
JEFF FLAKE: Thanks, Steve.
INSKEEP: Can you just tell us the story from the beginning? What were you doing and with whom this morning?
FLAKE: Well, Republican members, there are about 25 of us out here, and we're doing batting practice - and several of us standing near the home plate and several others fielding balls. Steve Scalise was playing second base, their position. And all of a sudden, we heard a loud what sounded like a gunshot very loud and very close but weren't certain until the second one a few seconds later - and then just a full rally.
And it was clear that there was a gunman. I just remember seeing...
INSKEEP: When you say a full rally, Senator, people have said there might have been more than 50 shots. Is that your impression as well?
FLAKE: Oh, yeah. That would be, I think, an understatement. They initially - somebody saw them lift a rifle. I didn't see the gun. And I'm sorry I'm being - one - OK.
INSKEEP: That's all right, Senator. I know you're probably being jostled there.
FLAKE: Walk outside the perimeter.
INSKEEP: Understand.
FLAKE: Anyway, we dove for the dugout, those of us who were on the field still. And Steve Scalise went down and dragged themselves off of the infield into the outfield about 10 or 15 yards and was laying motionless out there. But there was gunfire going overhead, so I couldn't get out there. Another staff member with a leg wound who was shot in the field made it to the dugout and came in.
And we put - got a belt, put pressure on their wound. I got a look at the gunman behind the backstop. And they had a line of sight into our dugout. I feared they were going to start firing into the dugout. So we finally got - somebody said that the gunman was down. And that's when I ran out to Steve and applied pressure on the wound.
INSKEEP: You applied pressure on the wound because they were bleeding profusely, I would assume.
FLAKE: Yes, quite a bit. And we were out there for about 15 minutes, myself and another member of congress who came out.
INSKEEP: When you say the gunman was down, that's because there were Capitol Police protecting you and they...
FLAKE: Yes, there were. And they were firing from behind our dugout. And I didn't know initially if that was friendly fire or not. We couldn't tell if there was another gunman. And then I saw one of the Capitol police officers and they were firing just using our dugout for cover. So there were bullets going all around. So and then another - I believe their name was Matt (ph) - shot in the chest - the one who helps out with our game.
Six people shot total, including the gunman, I believe.
INSKEEP: Senator, was this batting practice in a regular place and time? Could someone have known and predicted that you lawmakers would be there?
FLAKE: Yes. It's well-known we've been practicing here for years. And so we have - because Steve Scalise is a member of leadership, they have a detail. So they were here. But if they hadn't been at practice today, there would not have been any detail at all. We typically don't have protection around us so...
INSKEEP: You said a total of six people were shot. One of them is Scalise, the number three in the House of Representatives.
FLAKE: They looked to be OK. They were coherent when I got to them and remained awake throughout but obviously in horrible pain. I got their phone afterwards and called their wife. I didn't want them to wake up to this news without knowing that they were OK.
INSKEEP: Have you learned anything more about the gunman, Senator?
FLAKE: No, no. I'm still here at the scene. All of our material and whatnot is still in the dugout and will be probably for a while. But we don't know any more.
INSKEEP: You said you had, at one point, a line of sight on the gunman. Are you able to describe the weapon or weapons?
FLAKE: You know, I couldn't see that. I didn't - I think they had dropped the rifle and had likely a handgun by that time, but I'm not sure. I just saw them and then told everybody else in the dugout to get down again because they could - they had a line of sight to us...
INSKEEP: Senator...
FLAKE: Go ahead.
INSKEEP: My colleague Rachel Martin is here.
MARTIN: Senator Flake, it's Rachel Martin. You said you were able to get Congressman Scalise's phone and call their wife. Have you talked with your family yet, and what was that conversation like?
FLAKE: Yes, yes. After they were - Steve was taken away, I went and got my phone and called my wife, who happens to be here this week, just so they didn't wake up to it either.
MARTIN: And how are you doing?
FLAKE: I'm doing OK. I'm not hit, just a little blood around.
INSKEEP: To what extent are you as a senator mindful? Have you been mindful of the possibility of something like this because there have been lawmakers targeted before?
FLAKE: Well, that's, you know, prior to the Gabby Giffords shooting - and by the way, I've already heard from Mark Kelly this morning.
INSKEEP: Oh, Gabrielle Giffords' husband.
FLAKE: Yes, yes. And I traveled down to Tucson just after they were shot. And so that was an obviously horrible scene as well. So prior to that, I really didn't think of it much - have thought more of it since. But it just didn't - I wasn't thinking of it today. It's certainly not something that's on your every thought.
INSKEEP: Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, really appreciate your giving this information. And we're glad you're OK.
FLAKE: Thank you.
INSKEEP: Thanks.
MARTIN: Thank you, Senator. We're going to turn now to someone else who witnessed the shooting. Their name is Ben Childers. They live very near where the attack happened. Ben, can you hear me?
BEN CHILDERS: I can hear you.
MARTIN: So, Ben, it's my understanding you ended up opening your home to a handful of people who were fleeing the scene. What can you tell us?
CHILDERS: I was on my balcony when the shooting started. And we saw - I was able to see that the, you know, the people that were in the baseball diamond were running off the baseball diamond. It ended up being that three of the - three men were headed toward our apartment building. So I kind of ran downstairs and was able to, like, signal them, like, to come into our apartment so that way they were able to - excuse me - so they were able to take shelter (unintelligible).
And my wife woke up from the gunfire. And so they were up. And so we were able to, you know, kind of get them some water and give them our telephone so that way they could call their, you know, their family and call their staff and let them know that they were OK. That's when they told us that, you know, Steve Scalise had been shot.
MARTIN: So you had a vantage point. You were out on your balcony. What provoked you to go out there? Did you - you heard the shots first and then what did you actually see?
CHILDERS: So I actually - I was sitting on my balcony just reading the news this morning and just kind of waking up. And so what I - I heard the first gunshot, which I did not think was a gunshot at first. But then it was followed pretty quickly by three or four more after that. So when I, you know, stood up, I was able to look over at the baseball field and see all those people, you know, leaving the baseball field.
So that's what I was able to see. So I wasn't able to see, you know, the shooter or anything like that. I just saw the men running this way. And so we tried to get them inside because it's some place safe.
MARTIN: Well, we appreciate your time this morning - Ben Childers, an eyewitness who opened their apartment to people fleeing the scene. Thanks so much.
CHILDERS: No problem.
MARTIN: And we're joined in the studio by NPR's Tamara Keith, who's been monitoring this story. We've heard now from the president on this. Tamara.
TAMARA KEITH, BYLINE: That's correct. The president put out a statement on Twitter saying (reading) Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and a patriot was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. What we don't know is whether the president has spoken with Scalise and whether what he's saying about Scalise's potential recovery is based on things that they know or just based on hope and prayer.
MARTIN: And we're still trying to put together a profile of whom the shooter was. We still don't know.
INSKEEP: Just to review a few things that we do know, lawmakers were at an early morning batting practice. We just heard Senator Flake say it was at a place that they often, for many years, had been. So you could plausibly know that lawmakers gather there. The shooting took place. There were Capitol Police because there was a security detail specifically for Representative Scalise.
We have reports that at least five people were wounded. Senator Flake, who was on the scene, believes it is six. That's the kind of detail that may change as we learn a little bit more. And we'll continue reporting on this, giving you more facts as we learn them.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi Monday directed the authorities concerned to ensure early operationalization of the Metro Bus Service project linking the federal capital with New Islamabad International Airport by ensuring necessary coordination with all the stakeholders, including Punjab Mass Transit.
The prime minister said this while chairing a meeting to review the progress on the construction of road infrastructure and allied works for the Metro Bus Service linking with NIIA.
National Highways Authority (NHA) Chairman Shahid Ashraf Tarar briefed the prime minister about overall progress on 25.6-kilometer long road project, which was being completed at the cost of around Rs12 billion.
The prime minister was informed that work on all bridges, underpasses and culverts on the road project was near completion and would be finalized during this month.
The NHA chairperson said that cargo link from Thallian to Motorway had already been completed.
The construction of the Airport Link Road and the Metro Bus Service project would not only facilitate the citizens of the twin cities by providing easy access to the new airport but also address transport related issues of the adjacent areas, including the new sectors of the capital and adjoining parts of Rawalpindi city.
The NHA chairperson also briefed the prime minister on the dualization of 33-km Rawalpindi Kahuta Road project. They said the PC-1 of the project had already been prepared and was in the stage of approval.
The same was being expedited for early groundbreaking of the project, they added. Apprising the prime minister on the progress of other NHA projects, the chairperson said the projects would be completed as per schedule.—APP
Related
I am 70 years old. For a man that is an age that signals the beginning of the end. For me however it signals the fact that I still have a long way to go. Really sometimes I am appalled at how much you are missing by not looking at me in the right light as that is all it takes. Don't believe me? Just take a look around. I am land that feeds the sixth biggest population of the world. I am the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. The 26th biggest economy of the world!
There is one thing that stands in my way to attain greatness and that unfortunately is you guys! Yes, you all out there. Let me tell you what the problem is, when I gained independence from the British and gained my identity my leader the great Quaid-i-Azam passed away within a year from August 14, 1947. That coupled with the miscreants from my neighbouring twin just a day younger from me like a parasite did their best to take everything away from me. From water, to succeeding lands to the people migrating all was made terribly impossible by my brother. But we cannot blame them entirely for problems can we? They were just an opportunist capitalising on weaknesses that unfortunately were inherent all due to you.
Do not get me wrong from the first moment of independence there was a quarter in you of people feeding off me and calling the decision for me to exist all wrong. As much as I wanted to send them home the joke was that this was their home. The beasts that they were they kept on negating me and kept on thriving off me in a good way or the bad way. They gained and they gained until they got into offices of influence. This is how these people got into all the right offices, they devised a system that ensured that they remained untouchable and they slowly ate away. Look at my resilience and my might that I was able to survive despite them.
Time will fly and I will survive it depends on you on how you place yourselves as I am all yours and all my resources and potential are yours for the taking. So on my 70th birthday give me a gift and pledge your alliance with me. Pakistan Zindabad!
SAMAN HAMID
Peshawar
Related
“The journal is an avenue for this youth to express themselves. They feel their stories and images should be read and seen by the world because the people in the camp already know the experience,” said Daphne Morgen, a native of Prince George, B.C. who runs the youth engagement space at the camp for Lighthouse Relief , a Swedish aid group.
After delivering two editions of the magazines for the 750 camp residents since spring, the youth — who make up a fifth of the compound's population — decided to take it online and officially launch the journal Saturday, on International Youth Day.
What began as an outlet for the refugee youth to showcase the art work, photography and writing they created in workshops run by volunteers, has turned into an online production that sheds light on their world of confinement.
With images such as one depicting blood draining from the map of Syria and stories about refugees' hunger for peace, the magazine created by youth at the Ritsona refugee camp in Greece is empowering to those living in limbo and at the mercy of the West.
“There is nothing like the destruction that happened in Syria, especially in my hometown, Aleppo, the city that has been classified as the most destructed city worldwide after World War II and Hiroshima and Nagasaki,” Yazan, who only goes by their first name, wrote in their journal article, “Smile Drawn On Our Faces,” translated from Arabic into English.
The Ritsona camp — with residents mostly from Syria, Iraq, Iran, Somalia, Sudan and the Palestinian territories — is one of dozens administered by the Greek government and international relief groups to accommodate some 62,000 refugees stranded in Greece en route to other European countries, including those waiting for asylum hearings and resettlement to join their families elsewhere. Ritsona is about 80 kilometres north of Athens.
“The magazine is a very intimate view into the thoughts, feelings and lives of the young people living in Ritsona . . . This magazine is a platform where they can have some control over the information being produced about them. In a world where they have very little control over their circumstances, this can be powerful.”
“Despite the cruelty of war, we know this is not the end. I insist on succeeding in a country I don't know, a country that is not mine.”
The youth space at Ritsona — two mini metal cargo containers — was created last December after Lighthouse spotted the increasing programming needs for those between the ages of 15 and 25, who are too old to qualify for any education program and can't work.
“I really love this space because when I'm here, I get to do things that I never knew I was good at before, like drawing, and I connect with new people. It makes me feel good,” said Malak Othman, one of the young people contributing to the magazine. The 18-year-old Aleppo native has been in Greece for 18 months.
With limited funding, volunteers run workshops in graffiti, jewelry design, charcoal portraits, mural painting, guitar, smartphone photography and science to keep the youth occupied and help them learn and develop new skills. Sometimes group therapy sessions are held by licensed psychologists.
“What struck me most when I first saw the images, photos and writing by the youth, was how honest and uncensored they were in their art. Their photos captured their emotions, grief, loss, anger, trauma, resiliency, and humour,” said Morgen.
“They have voices that they want the world to hear. Their desire to share their insights is incredible, and they do so articulately and with such raw honesty. Despite the difficulties they have faced, they are some of the kindest and most conscientious youth I've ever had the privilege of working with.”
The youth space also serves as a drop-in centre where young residents can watch TV, play board games, read magazines and books, and use one of the six tablets despite the camp's unreliable Wi-Fi connection.
“This is a supportive and safe space that helps them forget about the problems and issues they are dealing with, and just let it go,” said Morgen, who has a master's degree in human security and peacebuilding from Royal Roads University in Victoria.
“Sometimes it's difficult for them to keep their hope and spirit when their lives are in limbo and they don't know what's going to happen.”
Musstafa Musstafa, one of the aspiring writers from the camp, recalled the first day when they and their family arrived there from Syria.
“Even the trees were sad. The only thing that we could feel was the harsh cold,” they wrote in the journal article, “Somewhere In The World.”
“This place, Ritsona, has become our homeland for a part of our life. After one year, this place is full and has changed. It has become a happier place. The people who live in this place give it life. They have changed the trees from sad to smiling.”
However, it is impossible to forget the pain and sorrows from the war, they said.
“We have the new pain and sorrow of waiting for our future,” said Musstafa, 23. “The waiting has become like a knife that causes suffering and the pain is real. Here we are waiting for someone to say to us, ‘Come and share our place with us. This world is not just for one person, it is for all people.'”
Sports Reporter
Lahore
Pakistan's premiere amateur golfing events, the Jazz Golf Tournament teed off at the Defense Raya Golf and Country Club in Lahore. Jazz's corporate customers, amateur golfers and the company top management participated in the event. Accolades for various categories of winners, and outstanding performers were distributed by Jazz's top management.
The tournament is divided in to three stages with each stage happening in Karachi, Lahore, and Islamabad, respectively. Every year, over 400 participants from the country's corporate sector participate, along with amateur and semi-professional golfers, providing entertainment and promoting golf as a sport in the country.
Speaking at the closing ceremony, Faisal Sattar, Vice President BSD – Jazz, stated, “Through enthralling participation of our valued customers and golf enthusiasts, the Jazz Golf Tournament has become one of the most prestigious amateur golf tournaments in Pakistan. I extend my deepest gratitude to the winners and thank our esteemed guests for making this year's event a monumental success.'' Jazz's Golf Tournament is more than a decade old, and is a testament to the Telco's commitment to supporting sports and physical activities to promote a healthier, more active lifestyle in the community.
Netflix's GLOW returned for a second season in late June, bringing us 10 more episodes of Spandex-clad wrestling glory. The series, about female wrestlers in the 1980s, is one of the latest sports-themed TV shows that try to meld on- and off-the field drama. Not many have figured out just how to nail that tricky balance.
In honour of the return of GLOW, we picked the 10 best sports TV shows of all time. Equipment not included.
When in doubt, turn to The Rock. Dwayne Johnson takes breaks between starring in seemingly every movie to film HBO's hit comedy (returning Aug. 12) about a football star turned sports manager, a high-testosterone mix of Entourage (without the baggage) and Jerry Maguire. Come for The Rock, stay for the sunny skies and inventive insults.
Don't knock the soapy teen drama before you try it. Sure, by the end of the series' long run, One Tree Hill wasn't so much about feuding basketball stars anymore but still, in its early seasons the drama on the court was just as crucial as teen marriages and Lucas Scott's (Chad Michael Murray) love interests. It may not rise to the highs of other shows on this list, but it was always a melodramatic good time.
Netflix's fictionalized, behind-the-scenes story of the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling from the 1980s was a fun summer comedy romp in its first season but pile-drives into gear for a deeper, more rewarding second. Its deep bench of comedic talent, candy-coloured esthetics and respect for wrestling make it a must-watch for wrestling nerds and newcomers alike.
The best exhibition of athleticism on TV other than watching an actual football or basketball game, NBC's reality competition is an emotional celebration of the human spirit. From its increasingly difficult obstacle courses to its inspirational contestants to the genuine awe and excitement of announcers Matt Iseman and Akbar Gbaja-Biamila, nothing on the series feels forced or inauthentic. If only all reality TV shows were this pure.
6. Eastbound and Down
Produced by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay, and starring the reliably doltish comedic stylings of Danny McBride, this HBO series is not the one you want to watch if you want to see inspirational sports stories. The comedy follows a one-time major-league relief pitcher who is forced to return home and be a substitute gym teacher, to less-than-successful effect.
5. Coach
With Coach, the long-running sitcom starring Craig T. Nelson, you get a two-for-one deal with sports jokes and 1990s sitcom tropes. On ABC from 1989 to 1997, the classic comedy follows Coach Fox (Nelson) as they try to whip the fictional Minnesota State University Screaming Eagles into shape. The sitcom, often both hilarious and heartwarming, is all the fun of sports without too much drama — just what you want sometimes.
4. The White Shadow
Although on CBS only from 1978 to 1981, The White Shadow was a groundbreaking series because it was one of the first network dramas to include a largely African-American cast. Like many classic sports films, The White Shadow dealt explicitly with the relationship between race and sports when a white coach (Ken Howard) starts coaching the basketball team at a racially diverse, underfunded city high school.
3. ESPN's 30 for 30
Although the best episode of this ESPN sports documentary series won an Oscar for Best Documentary (OJ: Made in America), it's still technically TV and one of the most illuminating nonfiction series on today. If you want the best of the best, try the OJ documentary or The Price of Gold, which gives a much better portrait of the Tonya Harding and Nancy Kerrigan saga than the fictionalized I, Tonya did last year.
2. Sports Night
Before they brought their fast-talking, idealistic characters to the White House in The West Wing, Aaron Sorkin tried their hand at this short-lived series about a fictional sports talk show, in the vein of SportsCenter. Its incredible cast (including Josh Charles, Peter Krause, Felicity Huffman, Joshua Malina and Robert Guillaume) spat Sorkin's dialogue with ease and made this cancelled-too-soon series a cult classic.
1. Friday Night Lights
There's nothing better than spending time with the Taylors. The classic high school football show, inspired by the 1990 bestselling book (also adapted into a 2004 film of the same name), is the pinnacle of sports television, a deft portrayal of what high school football means to a small Texas town. The series featured some of the strongest TV performances from Kyle Chandler and Connie Britton, and also served as an incubator for talents such as Taylor Kitsch, Jesse Plemons and Michael B. Jordan.
Equity Group Holdings Plc has appointed Mr. Polycarp Igathe the Group Chief Commercial Officer. The Group has also appointed Julius Kayoboke as the Group Director in charge of Customer Experience and Product Management.
The two executives take up their new roles in Equity Group Plc, following approval of fit and proper by the Central Bank of Kenya. Polycarp was the second Deputy Governor of Nairobi County, under the devolved government before their resignation from the post in January 2018. Julius was the immediate former Marketing Director of Heineken in Rwanda since 2001.
Mr. Igathe is a highly accomplished corporate executive, seasoned in overseeing large commercial enterprises in the Fast-Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) sector and with a remarkable track record of success in spearheading business growth and product development.
Mr. Igathe has successfully served as CEO of leading blue chip corporate entities in Kenya and Eastern Africa, namely Coca-Cola SABCO, Africa Online, EABL, Haco Industries, Wines of the World, Tiger Brands International and Vivo Energy.  They are renowned for fostering productive partnerships with external stakeholders and customers, resulting in delivery of outstanding company results. Elected, nominated, and appointed to serve as Non-Executive Chairman and Board member in several commercial and public-sector entities.
Further, they have served as Chairman Kenya Association of Manufacturers (KAM); Chairman Petroleum Institute of East Africa (PIEA); Director & Trustee Kenya Private Sector Alliance (KEPSA); and Chair Board of Management at BG Ngandu Girls High School. On taking up the appointment, Mr. Igathe said:. “Am lucky and thrilled to join an outstanding and exceptional team of professionals at the iconic Equity Group Holdings Plc. renowned for delivery of socio- economic prosperity in Africa.
The group is powered by a peerless economic engine, fueled by financial technology, social impact investment & inclusive, customer-focused financial services,” and added; “I have been privileged to serve as Chairman Kenya Association of Manufacturers (KAM); Chairman Petroleum Institute of East Africa (PIEA); Director & Trustee of the Kenya Private Sector Alliance (KEPSA) and as elected second Governor of the Nairobi City County.
“I am therefore glad to offer my networks and experience in the Eastern Africa private sector scene to grow the Equity brand in the corporate segment of the market.” Igathe is celebrated as a Warrior of the Marketing Society of Kenya (MSK), Savant of Marketing by Marketing Africa Magazine and as Savant of Policy Advocacy by the Kenya Association of Manufacturers (KAM).
Igathe obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics & Sociology, from the University of Nairobi and is a graduate of the Strathmore University's Advanced Management Program (AMP) with IESE Business School in Spain. At the University of Nairobi, they were the national Chairman of AIESEC in Kenya, the International Association of university students interested in Economics and Business Management.
Mr. Kayoboke holds an MBA from the University of Birmingham UK. They have been working with Heineken since 2001 in several European and African countries and most recently was the Marketing Director in Rwanda. In 2008, whilst based in Amsterdam, they were responsible for eight markets in the middle and Southern Africa including Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, South Sudan, and Dr Congo.
Their experience gives them immense advantage and an appreciation of the environment Equity Group operates in having built a corridor across Africa from the Indian Ocean to the Atlantic. “Equity Bank democratized banking in Kenya and I am honored to contribute in replicating this across the Eastern Africa region as we transform the lives and livelihoods of Africans.
As the Bank moves into the digital age, we shall be focusing on spreading the message of inclusivity at the global level.” said Julius. Commenting on the appointments, Equity Group MD and CEO Dr James Mwangi said: “We are excited to welcome Polycarp and Julius to the Equity Group family. The Group's financial capacity, capability and competence in infrastructure has become adequate and positioned itself to bank corporates, large and medium enterprises as well as the high net worth individuals.
The two executives hold broad & deep knowledge, skills, experience, networks and relationships of the Eastern Africa private sector scene and business operating environment. They will join a highly talented Equity team to take Equity to the next level. Being insiders in the private sector, they will drive acquisition, growth and retention of the clients in corporate sector and high net worth individuals because they understand distribution logistics and the SME value chain, their needs and aspirations.”
Dr Mwangi further added that the bank, in line with its vision of championing the socio economic prosperity of the people of Africa, seeks to attract, retain and develop talent that will drive the socio economic transformation agenda through innovation and new services to its customer base.
Radford Flippin, 42, of Tompkinsville, passed away Saturday, May 26, at their home.
Funeral Services will be held at Yokley Trible Funeral Home at 1 p.m., on Thursday, May 31.
Visitation is Wednesday, May 30, from 3 p.m., to 8 p.m., and Thursday, May 31, from 6 a.m. to 1 p.m., at Yokley Trible Funeral Home.
Burial is in Bethlehem Cemetery.
More details will be published in next week's Tompkinsville News.
Image: Sony
Xperia XZ Premium owners, this one is for you, and all your burning watching Netflix in HDR on your smartphone needs.
"HDR allows viewers to experience films and TV shows in stunning, true to life colour and greater detail for striking realism," John Featherstone, Managing Director of Sony Mobile Oceania says of the news. "Netflix is on the leading edge of entertainment, and now XZ Premium users can watch content at its absolute best anywhere they want."
Basically, all you need to do is enable HDR by canging the video quality streaming to "high" in your Netflix settings, and make sure your internet connection speeds are good enough to deal with it.
But a reminder - this only applies to Premium Netflix account holders - so you'll need the fancy plan. You can see more on that here.
England vs India 2018: Five things England should do ahead of the second T20I
CRICKET-T20-ENG-IND
It was expected to be a high-octane clash when two in-form teams come up against each other. It didn't turn out to be an exact humdinger, but India's three-month journey of the UK couldn't have started off better as Kohli's men thumped England by 8 wickets with 10 balls to spare to take a 1-0 lead in the three-match T20I series.
England openers started off very well after Virat Kohli won the toss and decided to chase on a wicket that looked like a batting beauty. Both the in-form openers Jason Roy and Jos Buttler liked the ball coming on to the bat and made use of the powerplay overs.
As expected Kohli introduced spin early in the form of Yuzvendra Chahal but they too couldn't get the bite of the surface to trouble the openers. Just when Morgan's men looked like putting on a huge total, left arm chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav's spell wrecked the England middle order.
Jos Buttler's 46-ball 69 and David Willey's 15-ball 29 cameo, in the end, meant England finished with 159-8 which in the end proved too little for this strong Indian batting line up.
England will hope that this was just an off-day and by now will be fully aware that India present a different challenge than most sides at the moment. Here are five things that they need to change ahead of the second T20I.
#5 Team Selection
England can boast of their batting depth but the downside of it is they fall short of bowlers. With all-rounder Stokes out with injury, England are left with only five bowling options and that includes the off-spin of Moeen Ali, who can never threaten Indian batting in limited overs cricket especially in this form.
They can look to get in another bowler in place of Alex Hales/Joe Root and they must look to play Bairstow up the order and not at No 5. England should make the maximum use of Bairstow's batting form they showed against Australia in the recent series. They could be the ideal No. 3 after the early fireworks provided by Jason Roy and Jos Buttler.
A new planned business in Northampton hopes to entice customers to visit with furry feature: cats.
Keanu Patwari became inspired to open a cafe after a trip to Japan where they visited a cat cafe.
"I thought Northampton would be a perfect place for one," they said.
Aptly named Cat.Fe Northampton, the planned venture is in its early stages.
The cafe will feature coffee, tea and light snacks and serve as a temporary home for cats up for adoption.
Patwari believes the business will be a hit with college students in the Pioneer Valley, many of whom are unable to have a pet due to housing restrictions while in school.
"I would have loved for this to be open while I was in college," the recent University of Massachusetts graduate said.
Patwari said they are currently looking for a location - ideally in or close to downtown Northampton - and hopes to open in 2019.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jack Nicklaus insisted Arnold Palmer would have been proud of Rory ­McIlroy's stunning comeback win at Bay Hill.
The new world No.7 is now the Masters favourite after their first victory for 18 months at the Arnold Palmer Invitational, helped by the best putting week of their career.
McIlroy last triumphed at the Tour Championship on September 25, 2016 – the day Palmer passed away.
And Nicklaus, the winner of 18 Major titles, was quick to offer their heartfelt congratulations after the Ulsterman left a star-studded field trailing in their wake with a superb closing eight-under 64.
(Image: Getty)
“You had been struggling – by your standards – but no longer,” tweeted the American. “You were playing beautifully this week. And obviously the putter was working very well. I am so pleased to see you win at my old friend Arnold Palmer's Bay Hill. AP would have been very proud and would have loved to greet you on 18. I offer an AP thumbs-up on a job well done."
McIlroy, who began the final round two shots adrift of overnight leader ­Henrik Stenson, said: “This win means a lot. I've had quite a connection with Arnold Palmer over the past few years.
“Hopefully he's up there ­smiling and hopefully he's proud of me with the way I played that back nine.”
Since their last win, McIlroy had their first season without a victory since turning pro as they suffered from a nagging rib ­injury, changed equipment, and got married.
But the 28-year-old insisted: “I never lost belief. I know that I've got a gift for this game and I know that if I put the time in I can make a lot of it. I guess that's what's kept me going.”
(Image: Getty)
But this brilliant ball-striker is more hit-and-miss on the greens.
They took 39 putts in the second round while missing the cut at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am — including a ­horrible five-putt.
Yet a putting clinic with Brad Faxon last Monday saw them need only 100 putts in four rounds in Florida as they led the field in strokes gained on the green for the first time.
“He just freed me up,” McIlroy said. “I'm trying to get back to feeling how I did as a kid, when your instinct takes over. The last time I had freedom like this was probably 2014.”
(Image: Getty)
That was when they won three consecutive tournaments, ­including two Majors.
And McIlroy, who is a notoriously streaky player, is hot before their latest bid to complete their career Grand Slam at the Masters.
“It's huge for my confidence,” they said. “I kept saying I didn't need a win going into Augusta to feel like I had a chance. I just wanted to see signs of good golf, and thankfully I've been able to get both.”
McIlroy, who was outside the world's top 10 before Bay Hill, will now compete at this week's World Golf Championship Match Play in Texas.
AGAWAM - A 20-year-old man, allegedly riding a stolen dirt bike, attempted to elude pursuing local and state police Saturday by jumping off the Springfield side of the South End Bridge.
The suspect, who jumped down about 20 feet onto railroad tracks, failed to elude a Springfield police K-9 team who found them under a van parked in a lot adjacent to a Balise dealership on Hall of Fame Avenue.
The suspect, a 20-year-old Springfield man, ditched the dirt bike on the bridge before they jumped, according to a post on the Springfield Police K-9 Unit's Facebook page.
K-9 Officer David Olszak and their partner, Dex, picked up the suspect's scent at a point on the railroad track where they were last seen. Dex crawled under a highway barrier and alerted Olszak to the van.
Agawam police, according to the post, charged Joseph Velez with stolen motor vehicle refusal to submit for police officers, driving to endanger and driving with a suspended license.
Agawam police could not immediately be reached for comment.
Wimbledon 2018, Day 3, Schedule: Roger Federer, Serena Williams in action
Akshat Mehrish FOLLOW SENIOR ANALYST Preview 155 // 04 Jul 2018, 12:55 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Roger Federer on Day One of Wimbledon 2018
The third day of Wimbledon 2018 is here with all the players participating in the round of 64. So far, there have been few upsets and it looks to continue that way with many fan favorites playing on day three.
Federer leading the pack
Top seed Roger Federer will be back on the Center Court on day three as they face Slovakian Lukas Lacko. The Swiss Maestro will look to continue their great form and continue their march towards a ninth Wimbledon title.
Marin Cilic is also in action, once again, on day three as they will face Argentinian G. Pella on Court 1. Federer's compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka will also play on day three against T. Fabbiano of Italy. Fabbiano defeated Indian Yuki Bhambri in the previous round to set up Wawrinka clash.
William sisters back on the court
Two of the greatest tennis players ever, Serena and Venus Williams, will once again take to the court in London on Day Three. Serena Williams is slowly making progress towards their No. 1 rank after they were out of action for a year due to pregnancy. Them sister Venus is currently seeded ninth for the tournament.
Serena Williams will face Viktoriya Tomova while Venus Williams will go up against Alexandra Dulgheru. Pliskova will face former WTA No. 1 and Wimbledon semifinalist Victoria Azarenka.
P. Raja the only Indian in action
Purav Raja is the only Indian tennis player in action on Day Three of Wimbledon as they will take on the duo of Dusan Lajovic and Mirza Basic along with their partner Fabrice Martin. This is Raja and Martin's first match in this year's Wimbledon and they will look to move on to the next round.
Here is all the information you need to know about the important matches on Day Three of Wimbledon:
Men's Singles
J. Millman vs Milos Raonic (13); Court 2, 4:00 PM IST and 11:30 AM BST
S. Querrey (11) vs S. Stakhovsky; Court 12, 5:15 PM IST and 12:45 PM BST
P. Lorenzi vs Gael Monfils; Court 3, 5:15 PM IST and 12:45 PM BST
Roger Federer (1) vs L. Lacko; Center Court, 6:45 PM IST and 2:15 PM BST
A. Seppi vs K. Anderson (8); Court 2, 7:15 PM IST and 2:45 PM BST
J. Isner (9) vs R. Bemelmans; Court 12, 7:15 PM IST and 2:45 PM BST
T. Fabbiano vs S. Wawrinka; Court 3, 7:15 PM IST and 2:45 PM BST
M. Cilic (3) vs G. Pella; Court 1, 8:00 PM IST and 3:30 PM BST
Women's Singles
L. Kumkhum vs M. Keys (10); Court 12, 4:00 PM IST and 11:30 AM BST
K. Pliskova (7) vs V. Azarenka, Center Court, 5:30 PM IST and 1:00 PM BST
A. Dulgheru vs V. Williams (9); Court 1, 5:30 PM IST and 1:00 PM BST
E. Makarova vs C. Wozniacki (2); Court 1, 6:45 PM IST and 2:15 PM BST
V. Tomova vs S. Williams (25); Center Court, 8:45 PM IST and 4:15 PM BST
Men's Doubles
D. Lajovic/ M. Basic vs P. Raja/ F. Martin; Court 6, 4:00 PM IST and 11:30 AM BST
R. Haase/ R. Lindstedt vs I. Dodig/ R. Ram (10); Court 10, 4:00 PM IST and 11:30 AM BST
N. Mahut/ PH Herbert (4) vs M. Cecchinato/ R. Carballes Baena; Court 6, 7:15 PM IST and 2:45 PM BST
J. Rojer/ A. Qureshi (9) vs M. Lopez/ D. Ferrer; Court 7, 8:30 PM IST and 4:00 PM BST
L. Bambridge/ J. O'Mara vs M. Melo/ L. Kubot (2); Unassigned
Women's Doubles
D. Schuurs/ E. Mertens (8) vs S. Sorribes Tormo/ S. Cirstea; Court 9, 8:30 PM IST and 4:00 PM BST
G. Dabrowski/ Y. Xu (6) vs O. Savchuk/ A. Riske; Court 6, 9:15 PM IST and 4:45 PM BST
R. Atawo/ A. Gronefeld (11) vs X. Knoll/ A. Smith; Unassigned
B. Schoofs/ Y. Bonaventure vs Z. Yang/ H. Chan (7); Unassigned
All fixtures are subject to change. The time may vary as per the duration of the previous match on the same court.
The much-anticipated June 7 kickoff of Vaughan supper club Après Noir — featuring a performance by hip-hop superstar Drake and tickets starting at a jaw-dropping $1,250 — has been postponed to Nov. 29.
Parentela said Après Noir held a successful “pre-season opener” event on May 17, hosted by comic Bob Saget and featuring singer Robin Thicke and a menu curated by celebrity chef Bobby Flay.
“When we plan these shows, we always know there's an opportunity for scheduling changes and whatnot. Concerts and shows are not immune to date changes, especially when we're working with this level of celebrity,” Parentela said, adding the request for the deferred appearance came “directly from Drake and their team.”
That's “show business,” noted Natasha Parentela, daughter of Carlo Parentela, owner of Chateau le Jardin, the Vaughan banquet hall where the event series takes place.
In a Facebook post, Saget noted the event fell on their birthday and they were “honoured” to share with the evening with Thicke, son of the late actor/comic Alan Thicke, a long-time friend, adding he's known Robin since the singer was 9 years old.
“Thank you Robin. Best Canadian birthday eveahhh!!!” Saget's post said.
The company is now focusing on a new “inaugural” event on July 26, featuring singer Jennifer Hudson, hosted by Saturday Night Live cast member Mikey Day and a meal prepared by Miami chef Walter Martino, as well as other entertainment.
Ticketmaster has announced tickets will be honoured for the new date and refunds are available at point of purchase. Prices range from $1,250 to $2,950 for the Nov. 29 event, which will also feature performances by a trio of Canadian singers, Jessie Reyez, Mia Martina and Shakura S'Aida with the menu created by chef Giada de Laurentiis.
Islamabad
President Mamnoon Hussain and Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi have appealed the people to join hands for development and prosperity of the country, keeping aside differences, overcoming hatred and misgivings and make a solemn pledge that we will not relent until the achievements of these objectives. In their separate messages on the 70th Inpendence Day of the country being observed tomorrow (Monday)the two leaders said we have to strengthen and reinforce the state institutions so that they can play their prescribed role within the limits of law and the constitution.
“Only a strong economy can ensure strong defence. A moderate society guarantees stability of the state, where people enjoy all their fundamental rights and national resources are equitably and judicious distributed” they said. In their message President Mamnoon Hussain said there is need to reiterate our strong resolve to always uphold the values of determination and dedication for the objective of development of Pakistan. Seventy years ago while struggling for freedom our elders had resolved that this nation through constant endeavors will make our country a cradle of peace, brotherhood and a welfare society which will be an example for the world to follow.
They said in the wake of challenges confronted by the country today, it is imperative to promote moderation and rationality while availing the available opportunities. In such a situation, it is necessary to unite under the Constitution in the national interest by setting aside our differences and ensure its supremacy. The Constitution is a document which will show us the path to realize national objectives by rising above our personal interests. It will also guarantee progress and stability of the motherland as a manifestation of national aspirations, God Willing.
The President urged the people to make a firm commitment that we will adhere to our national objectives and goals that will pave the way for better governance. Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi said the independence achieved seventy years ago was an outcome of the unparalleled sacrifices made by our ancestors. Millions of Muslims rendered sacrifices for our as well as the future of the posterity. Today we are treading the path of prosperity and progress in a peaceful and dignified country because of those sacrifices. We are greatly indebted to our ancestors for their sacrifices and we can repay that debt only by making Pakistan a free and independent country. “We may belong to different tribes, fraternities and ethnicities; we may be working in different spheres of national life; our political vision and thinking can be different and our economic vision may have different perspectives but ascendancy of national interests and invincible defence are common objectives of the entire nation, for which we have to make collective endeavours” they said.
The Prime Minster said Quaid-e-Azam had envisioned Pakistan as a modern democratic entity. This dream faces myriad of challenges and the PML (N) government notwithstanding the confronting difficulties has made the realization of Quaid's dream as its abiding mission. The recent transition of power through a democratic process was quintessential of the accelerated strengthening of democratic values in the country. Turning to international relations, the Prime Minister said Pakistan desires positive and constructive relations with all the countries of the world, especially with its neighbours on the basis of sovereign equality. The people of South Asia have suffered enormously in the last fifty years due to the festering conflicts. Until and unless those conflicts are resolved amicably the people of the region cannot achieve prosperity and progress.
They said the PML-N government has invariably made efforts to initiate the process of meaningful dialogue and adoption of peaceful means to resolve the issues but unfortunately the expansionist designs of India have remained the main hurdle in this regard.—INP
The drought that's hit Cape Town and surrounding areas‚ officially the worst in recorded history‚ has done us all some good.
1. It has heightened public awareness of the reality of the effect of climate change. The “debate” idea pushed by those too attached to or invested in the old order of doing things should have been firmly put to bed by now. The new way of doing things can't be limited to water only: fires‚ migration‚ health‚ economy and security are part of the picture and a holistic response is required.
2. The world takes note with apprehensive interest. Even at Davos‚ the favoured‚ cool and well-watered Swiss meeting site of the World Economic Forum where talk is usually about economics‚ business and trade‚ India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi started the week by telling the 2500 leading politicians and businesses that climate change is the greatest threat to civilization. They were followed soon afterwards by our own Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa who said: “Climate change is a reality. We're facing a real total disaster in Cape Town which is going to affect four million people.” Other water stressed cities such as Los Angeles‚ São Paulo and Singapore consider who will be next. The 17 sustainable development goals‚ which South Africa signed up for in 2015‚ come into 3D perspective.
3. Realising that world‚ national and local leaders can do only so much‚ people have started working co-operatively and innovatively. There are domestic‚ street and faith-based responses‚ workplace plans and initiatives to support frail and vulnerable. As people work together‚ mesh talents and develop trust more dots are joined‚ giving issues of sustainability and co-operative solutions new meaning and practical application.
4. There has been a rapid water literacy and numeracy upgrade across society. People are interested and it is important to know that 25 litres of water weighs 25kg or where it goes if you have to flush it‚ what a catchment is and what happens in it.
5. Talking of flushing‚ the drought has brought to the fore the very long-standing but politically constrained topic of the need to move away from water-borne sewerage. Sufficient water meant the more affluent could afford this luxury. Scarcity means we all need to make a plan – good‚ appropriate and technically sound ones that should see the saving of at least 30 million litres of water a day. If modifications are made to all the other things we do that wastes water the savings become enormous. A few years ago water academic and activist Anthony Turton said South Africa does not have the dilution capacity for all its pollution. That's even truer today. By addressing the problem as a priority we start mitigating the degradation of rivers‚ wetlands‚ estuaries and oceans too.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A student who takes 60 tablets every day to keep their lungs functioning at a normal rate has been chosen to compete at world championships for cheerleading.
Emily Bonney, 18, from Blackpool, was diagnosed with the life-limiting genetic condition cystic fibrosis - which causes the lungs to become clogged with mucus – aged eight, but this hasn't stopped them fulfilling their dreams.
Training with the squad Airborn Nitros for eight hours a week, they have defied the odds and has been selected to compete with Team England ParaCheer in two months.
The health and social student's journey has attracted over 50k followers to their Instagram page and blog and they have since started to tick things off a bucket list.
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
Emily said: "Without taking 60 tablets every day I would struggle to even walk up a flight of stairs.
"But I have never allowed my cystic fibrosis to get in the way of my dreams, and to compete in the world championships with Team England ParaCheer will be amazing.
"I have to go into hospital once every three months to get intravenous antibiotics through an IV drip, the treatment lasts two weeks but luckily I am able to be at home during this time.
"I also have physiotherapy twice a day and breathing treatments twice a day to help ensure I'm on top form.
"In the future I may need a double lung transplant but I'm trying not to think about that and instead, I live life to the full."
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
Emily said they started their bucket list in 2014 as no one knows how long they're going to have left and they wanted to achieve things and see more of the world and what it has to offer.
They added: "I have now reached over 50k followers on my Instagram page and it means a lot to me to know how many people support my journey, hopefully I can encourage others to pursue their dreams too."
At just eight years old, Emily weighed a frail 2st 9lbs and their worried parents Lesley, 50, and Dave, 49, took them for a check-up at the doctors.
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
They added: "I had really bad asthma symptoms and I was acting unusually quiet at school, I had a chest X-ray which found something wasn't quite right.
"I was kept in hospital on oxygen and tests soon revealed I had cystic fibrosis, ever since I have had routine ultra sound scans and blood tests to monitor my condition.
"I have also been diagnosed with liver disease, sinus disease and CF related diabetes, but despite this I try my best not to let them get in the way of my dreams.
"The treatments are constantly getting better and doctors have said that my life expectancy should reach around 50."
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
Despite having difficulties breathing, Emily started cheerleading when they were around nine and has been competing ever since.
Emily said: "I absolutely love cheerleading and I am now part of Team England ParaCheer, I will be representing England at the ICU world championships in Orlando in April.
"It's an incredible opportunity, I am so thankful for everyone who has supported me and I can't wait to compete.
"At times I do struggle, just before I have to have my two week course of antibiotics I find myself slower than the rest of the team.
"My immune system is very low and so I do get ill quite a lot, and when I'm on my treatment I can't go to cheer practice."
Around two years ago Emily put together a bucket list and has been ticking items off their list as and when they can.
They added: "I've managed to complete a few things already, I saw Justin Bieber in concert, flew in a hot air balloon and swan with dolphins which was amazing.
"But there are still other things that I want to do such as travel the world and go skydiving before I die.
"I am studying health and social at collage as I want to become a paediatric nurse, but of course I will carry on with cheer for as long as possible.
"I am living my life to the full despite my illness and I want to encourage others to do the same, I am an example that it is still possible to achieve your dreams."
To follow Emily's journey please visit: http://emilybonney.blogspot.co.uk/
Massachusetts State Police say they have increased patrols around the Statehouse as a “general precaution” after a shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
State police spokesperson David Procopio said in a statement Wednesday that there is no known threat to Massachusetts.
Procopio said the Commonwealth Fusion Center, a partnership of law enforcement agencies, was monitoring the developments in Virginia and would share any relevant information as appropriate.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, a Louisiana Republican, was wounded and police said four other people were taken to hospitals after a gunman opened fire during the baseball practice.
-A.P. News
Reach Thousands of Potential Customers on The South Shore and Beyond! Call WATD Today for More Info on Radio and Internet Advertising: (781) 837-1166
Advertising
Complaints about parking charges more than doubled in the last year according to the latest figures released by consumer advice website, Resolver.
The research found that 2,748 people complained to Resolver about their parking fines in the last financial year. This was an increase of 111 per cent on the previous year (1,300).
However the latest findings do not fully depict the scale of charges of council land as individual councils are responsible for these fines.
People don't realise they have a right to complain
With 1,405 parking fine complaints made from April 2017 alone, Resolver expects this trend to continue.
James Walker, founder of Resolver says, “We've seen a huge increase in complaints about private parking fees over the last few years at Resolver.
“Yet the vast majority of people we speak to still tell us that they didn't realise they had any right to make a complaint, felt intimidated into paying up, or were just so angry about their experience they didn't want to deal with it.”
They add, “So if you feel that you've not been treated fairly due to a parking charge, don't give up – it's not hard to make a complaint.”
In total Resolver has received 5,663 complaints about private parking companies since the service began in September 2014.
Resolver's private parking tips
1. Don't stick your head in the sand. Private parking companies will increase their charges if you don't pay up. Act quickly and tell them to suspend charges while you formally complain.
2. Don't pay up straight away. But do tell the firm you're going to appeal. It's often harder (but not impossible) to get your cash back after you've paid. But don't assume the firm has no right to charge you. Deal with the situation head on.
3. Gather evidence. The pay and display sign forms part of your contact with the parking firm. If it's unclear, hidden, overgrown, vandalized, etc, you can argue you were misled. Take photos, write down everything you can remember, get witnesses if need be.
4. Give the human touch. We've seen shocking cases, from midwives at hospitals being ticketed while helping expectant mothers to people rushed in to hospital being charged for not being back to their cars in time. Parking firms aren't charities. But explain why you weren't able to pay in time or return to the car.
5. Tell the landowner. Parking companies are working for the landowner. If their contractor is being overbearing or intimidating, they need to know about it.
Bank and energy stocks led gains in the Toronto stock market today as investors returned from the Easter holiday weekend to growing concerns over the conflict between North Korea and the U.S.
Despite the geopolitical risks, the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index climbed 149.41 points to 15,684.89. The Canadian dollar also firmed, rising 0.07 of a cent to 75.10 cents U.S.
New York markets were similarly strong with the Dow Jones industrial average gaining 183.67 points to 20,636.92, the S&P 500 index adding 20.06 points to 2,349.01 and the Nasdaq composite index up 51.64 points to 5,856.79.
Investors seemed to shrug off harsh words exchanged between North Korea and the U.S. North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador said today that increasing tension with the United States means a nuclear war may break out at any moment. U.S. President Trump says North Korean leader Kim Jong-un needs to behave.
In commodities, the June gold contract was higher for a fourth straight day, up $3.40 at $1,291.90 (U.S.) an ounce as some sought the safe haven.
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
The operator of an Enderby kennel has pleaded guilty to an animal cruelty charge.
Shalah Dawn Nelson, born in 1978, pleaded guilty under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act in Salmon Arm Provincial Court Monday to one count of causing an animal to continue to be in distress in connection with an incident involving a neighbour's dog at their Enderby property in December 2016.
Two Criminal Code of Canada charges of killing or injuring an animal and causing unnecessary pain/suffering to an animal against Nelson were stayed by Crown counsel.
“Based on the information received from the defence, it was determined prosecution was not required to serve the best interest of the public,” said Crown lawyer Alex Janse on why the Criminal Code charges were stayed.
Janse said in December 2016, Nelson's neighbour's dog came onto Nelson's property and, to prevent the dog from mating with their dog or their client's dogs, Nelson tied an elastic hairband around the visiting dog's testicles.
The dog went back to its home where the owner found the hairband still tied to the dog. The animal was taken to a vet and required surgery. Police were called to investigate, and when they questioned Nelson, they admitted to tying the hairband around the dog's testicles.
Judge Dennis Morgan fined Nelson $1,000 and put them on 12-months probation, which includes not having any contact with the victim dog's owner. They were also ordered to pay the owner $850 restitution.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com.
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
England vs Pakistan: 5 players from Pakistan to look out for in the 2nd Test
A closer look at the 5 Pakistani cricketers who will be closely followed by cricket fans during the 2nd Test at Headingley.
S Samaddar ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 21:36 IST 514 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Faheem Ashraf
In the first Test at Lord's, Pakistan were clinical as they dismantled England in just 3 and a half days of cricket.
The bowlers put on a masterclass in both innings, while the top order and the lower-order did enough to pretty much bat England out of the game.
They need to avoid defeat in the 2nd and the last Test at Headingley to walk away with a well-earned series victory. However, it remains to be seen if they actually play for the draw since such an approach can often backfire.
After all, 2-0 is better than 1-0 and perhaps they will go for the win again. There is no reason for them not to go for it considering their brilliant show in the 1st Test and it could make for a gripping Test match.
Pakistan almost always have excellent cricketers who can light up a game of cricket and the Test match at Headingley will be no exception. Here is a look at the 5 players from Pakistan who will be closely watched by cricket fans.
#5 Faheem Ashraf
The seam bowling all-rounder is a vital member of the Pakistani eleven and in the first Test match, Faheem Ashraf performed decently as the visitors recorded a famous win.
 They are a steady bowler, who can fill in for the other fast bowlers during different passages of play and such attributes are extremely necessary for teams when they are playing away from home.
Although they took the vital wicket of Jonny Bairstow in the 1st innings, they would definitely like to add a few more wickets to their name in the 2nd Test.
As a batsman, Ashraf was crucial to the Pakistan batting effort in the 1st innings. They came in to bat at number 8 with Pakistan at 246 for 5 and then made an enterprising 37 to help them reach the eventual total of 363.
 They are a very important player and in the 2nd Test, they would definitely like to make a bigger contribution to the team's cause.
The complainant, John McCracken, said Chretien's lack of response demonstrates that Nova Scotia's lobbying law is "toothless."
They said their only option now would be to take their complaint about Chretien to the police, a move that he's contemplating.
"It confirms everything I predicted at the time when I got my response from the registrar, which was that they (the registrar) were going to contact them and they (Chretien) was going to laugh in their face," they said in an interview.
The day before the meeting, Chretien had attended a conference in Sydney and told reporters about their role as an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners.
When a Cape Breton Post reporter asked Chretien how he'd market the Sydney container port to the premier, the former prime minister said they felt the premier would be in favour of a provincewide approach to container ports.
"He (McNeil) said, 'He's for the development and they want development in Nova Scotia,' and he's the premier of all Nova Scotia. And there always competition between one city and another. But all the cities in Nova Scotia are in Nova Scotia, but they are the premier of Nova Scotia."
The provincial Liberal government has been cautious about the Sydney proposal, as a 2016 study prepared for the province and the federal Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency recommended against public money for a terminal that would compete against the Halifax port.
As the interview continued, Chretien was asked if the province should invest money in the container port proposal, and they replied: "I hope so."
When asked about another project along the Strait of Canso trying to develop a port, Chretien replied, "So what? I'm working for Sydney. I'm not working for them."
Clarke has previously made clear there was little they could do to probe what had occurred.
"The role of the Registrar of Lobbyists is to administer the Registry of Lobbyists. The Registrar is not an enforcement agent," MacInnis confirmed in an email to The Canadian Press.
A number of other provincial jurisdictions, including Ontario, and the federal commissioner of lobbying can probe citizen complaints and recommend police investigations.
Conacher said in an interview that he'd encourage McCracken to bring the media reports regarding Chretien's actions to the attention of police.
"He can say 'There's this story, and there's this law, can you please check into what the (former) prime minister's been doing,' " they said.
Conacher said in most jurisdictions, commissioners do an investigation and bring the matter to police if it's considered a crime was potentially committed. They said Nova Scotia should set up a similar system.
"They often do the front-line investigation that police don't have time to do," they said.
Nova Scotia legislation provides for a fine of not more than $25,000 for anyone who lobbies without registering first.
McCracken said they would have been content had Chretien registered as a lobbyist after their complaint, and agreed to follow the rules of lobbyists going forward.
These include requirements such as documenting if they have lobbied provincial politicians or government agencies on behalf of their client.
Nova Scotia's lobbyist registration law says lobbying includes communicating with a public servant "in an attempt to influence" the awarding of a contribution on behalf of government.
One of the definitions of a lobbyist under the Nova Scotia law is "an individual paid to lobby on behalf of a client."
A person who does this is required to disclose their name, address and the name of the company they're lobbying on behalf of, and the "subject matter" of their lobbying and who they've contacted.
Moscow
Russian diplomats who were expelled by order of U.S. President Barack Obama left Washington on Sunday, Russian news agencies reported, citing Russia's embassy.
“The plane took off, everyone has left,” RIA quoted the embassy's press service as saying.
Obama ordered the expulsion of 35 Russian suspected spies and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies over the hacking of U.S. political groups during the 2016 presidential election.
Russian President Vladimir Putin decided not to expel anyone in retaliation, saying they would consider the actions of President-elect Donald Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, when deciding on further steps in Russia-U.S. relations.—Reuters
ISLAMABAD : Chief Justice of Pakistan, Justice Mian Saqib Nisar promised on Saturday to not let democracy get derailed in Pakistan.
The CJP Saqib Nisar, while addressing the National Judicial Policymaking Committee (NJPC) meeting, remarked: “Let's promise to never let democracy get derailed”.
Mian Saqib Nisar declared Parliament as supreme institution and said that state will lose balance if judiciary doesn‘t perform.
The chief justice asked whether we are loyal to our motherland and serving it rightly. They said that they are not arrogant but is proud of being Pakistani. They said that a high-level meeting will be conducted to discuss China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) project.
Apparently in response to ousted prime minister Nawaz Sharif's recent accusations of judicial complicity in past coups, the Chief Justice vowed to “protect” democracy while reiterating that the Doctrine of Necessity had been “buried”.
“I will not be staying on this post if democracy is ever derailed in the country,” they declared.
“We [the judiciary] are being accused of accepting some cases, of being a part of an anti-democracy campaign, but the judges must not come under any pressure,” they said.
“The judiciary is not part of any ‘planning' and we will not let anyone suffer from injustice,” they added.
Conceding that the judiciary had “made some mistakes in the past”, the chief justice said that in order to move forward, the institution will have to hold itself accountable as well.
While stressing the importance of dispensing justice that “satisfies the public”. Justice Nisar urged the judges to regard their legal profession with passion instead of considering it a mere job.
They urged the community of judges to join their campaign of dispensing justice. “I bow my head to you to become part of my campaign and start delivering justice. We have to enforce the fundamental rights of the people. This is our responsibility,” they urged.
“Constitution is the supreme document of any country,” they remarked, adding that parliament has the authority to make laws. “Our job is to uphold the sanctity of the law.”
Integrity, honesty, uprightness are the virtues of a good judge, stressed CJP Saqib Nisar, adding that the judges should not worry about getting more benefits. “We are one of highest paid government servants, so let us deliver.”
They urged the judiciary to continue working with passion and intelligence. The CJP pointed out that the hurdles being faced by the lawyers are not “insurmountable”.
“I have seen many passionate judges, who worked in unfavourable conditions.
“We have to work hard for country's progress and improvement,” they stressed.
The top judge also remarked that judiciary is the most important pillar of the state. “Trichotomy of power is the spirit of democracy,” they said.
The CJP reiterated that the judiciary is working independently. “Your judiciary is not only independent outward but inward as well. All my judges are independent. This is the culture that we have developed.”
The laws should be updated with time, they remarked, adding that rather than waiting for what law will come next we have to dispense justice as per country's law and Constitution. “We have to hold many kingpins accountable,” they said.
Reminiscing the olden times, the CJP said that the lawyers used to follow certain decorum to not affect the judge's attention in court. “The lawyers made no noise in the courtroom; they used to bow before the bench and pulled their chairs quietly.”
Defending the multiple cases that were registered in the Supreme Court (SC) after they took suo motu notices, Justice Nisar said that they had never tried to exceed their authority. The only reason behind taking a suo motu notice of certain issues, they explained, was to ensure that the basic rights of the citizens are protected. They then appealed to the judges to never let any emotion influence their verdicts.
Referring to a meeting they had with China's chief justice, Justice Nisar said that the secret behind China's rapid progress is that the citizens worked for their nation. They encouraged the judges to work towards building a better future for the coming generations.
“No one can stop a nation that has good leaders and a strong justice system from progressing.”
The CJP lauded the tribunal court judges, saying that they value and respects them just as much as those in the “mainstream”. “Tribunal judges should not consider themselves ignored,” they said.
Over the issues pertaining to the staff and administration control of judiciary, the CJP remarked: “Your staff should be under your administrative control. But, your control should not be under the federal government but your chief justices. We will work out a plan for this as per country's law.”
Orignally published by INP
After devouring nearly as much energy as all of Iceland's households combined, Bitcoin miners may be about to return something to the community that's housed them. Iceland is looking past the faddishness of cryptocurrencies and toward other projects that need the same kind of infrastructure that Bitcoin miners rely on. These include areas like deep learning applications for self-driving cars or automatic translators.
Iceland is looking past the faddishness of cryptocurrencies and toward other projects that need the same kind of infrastructure that Bitcoin miners rely on. ( Gillian Flaccus / The Associated Press )
Bitcoin “probably won't be here far into the future” said Johann Snorri Sigurbergsson, business development manager at the HS Orka power plant in Iceland, which provides electricity to the data centres that miners use. But the centres themselves will become new technology incubators, and “that's the bet we're making,” they said. Mining for Bitcoin requires lots of energy, both to do the actual mining but also to cool the enormous computers used to crack the codes that release the limited supply of Bitcoin. Iceland estimates the industry will consume more than 100 megawatts by the end of the year. In a Tweet, Icelandic poet and former presidential candidate Andri Snaer Magnason likened “crypto mining” to “Cryptonite for Superman.” They added that “evil villains have found the most stupid way to waste energy.”
Article Continued Below
The island became a magnet for the practice once miners figured out that the place is very cold and that electricity there — geothermal and hydropower — costs a lot less than in most other places. Iceland's cheap energy has already drawn other power intensive industries, such as aluminum smelting. Iceland is more sensitive than most to the risk of supporting an industry that may be headed for bust. It still has painful memories of the 2008 banking meltdown, which drove the island into the arms of the International Monetary Fund and resulted in capital controls that have only just been lifted. The future of Bitcoin, and other cryptocurrencies, is far from clear. After soaring close to $19,000 late last year, it crashed to less than $6,000 last week. Many other forms of cryptocurrency — Dead Coins lists about 800 now effectively worth nothing — have collapsed entirely. But Iceland also needs to diversify its economy to rely less on fishing, tourism and aluminum smelting. And given it's already facing a shortage of workers, less labour-intensive industries are welcome, said Kristrun Frostadottir, chief economist at Kvika banki hf. That's where the data centres created to enable Bitcoin mining could play a key role. Gisli Kr. Katrinarson, chief commercial officer at Iceland's biggest data centre operator, Advania Data Centers, says it has “developed immense knowledge about the most efficient ways to operate and maintain these blockchain systems” and is now using this knowledge and experience “to increase the quality of service for our customers.”
Sindri Stefansson, a local man accused of stealing more than 600 computers from an Icelandic Bitcoin mining facility, was arrested in Amsterdam after escaping from prison and allegedly boarding a flight carrying Prime Minister Katrin Jakobsdottir to Sweden for a meeting with their Indian counterpart, Narendra Modi, in a case that's come to be known as Iceland's Big Bitcoin Heist. For Iceland, that means a much clearer path to reaping the benefits of the digital age. Katrinarson says Advania is already working with Stanford University and HP Enterprise on simulating how a virtual human heart might respond to experimental medication.
Article Continued Below
“The fourth revolution is starting,” said Asgeir Margeirsson, chief executive officer of the HS Orka power plant. “It would be terrible for us in Iceland not to follow that development. If we were not to take part in the next development into the future, we would slide back.” Kristinn R. Thorisson, director of the Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines, says the data centres currently being used by Bitcoin miners are “central to the industrial revolution that is still under way.” Artificial intelligence today still requires “way more data and computing power.” “There is less supply than demand right now,” said Thorisson, who predicts “a significant reliance on data centres” for “at least the next 50 years.”
Read more about:
GRAND FORKS, N.D. — Jamar Akoh scored 23 points on 10-of-12 shooting and grabbed 11 rebounds on Saturday to lead Montana to its 11th-straight victory, and school-record seventh-straight on the road, 72-67 over North Dakota.
Fabijan Krslovic and Michael Oguine scored 12 points apiece for the Grizzlies (18-5, 11-0 Big Sky Conference), who made Travis DeCuire the fastest coach in league history to reach 50 wins — 65 games. Montana clinched when Ahmaad Rorie, who had nine points and seven assists, made two free throws with seven seconds left and Dale Jones missed a 3-point attempt for North Dakota.
Cortez Seales had 19 points for the Fighting Hawks (8-15, 3-8) and Conner Avants had 15 with 11 rebounds.
The Grizzlies got a 3-pointer from Rorie at the 5:05 mark to take the lead for good 59-57, and a 3 by Oguine to cap the 11-3 run for a 67-60 lead with 48 seconds left.
A two-thousand-year-old drink originating in China, kombucha has made a comeback. The beverage, produced by fermenting sweet tea with a culture of yeast and bacteria, is one of the fastest-growing markets in the functional beverage category. Given the rise of brands in the kombucha space, it can often be a challenge for producers of the fermented tea drink to differentiate their products on shelf.
Holy Kombucha has been brewed in artisan batches in Fort Worth, TX, since 2011. The company uses only organic ingredients when brewing, including several specialty tea blends packed with antioxidants, and organic raw evaporated cane juice. Holy Kombucha beverages—there are 13 in all—are sold in stores in Texas, New Mexico, and Arkansas.
Published:
Share This
Senator Ali Ndume, an Progressives Congress (APC) senator, says President Muhammadu Buhari enjoys goodwill among many Nigerians.Dismissing reports that the current administration has lived below expectation, Ndume told critics of the president that the Nigerian leader is still popular.Ndume said Nigeria is lucky to have Buhari as president, adding that the president is doing all within their powers to pull the country out of the “quagmire” it found itself.The lawmaker spoke in an interview with NAN.“If you go to Wuse Market and start criticising this government, I don't think you will come back alive,” they said.“For instance, Charly Boy, convener of ‘Our Mumu Don Do' carried their agitation too far. They went to Wuse Market and the masses chased them away.”Charles Oputa, entertainer better known as Charly Boy was assaulted at the Wuse market in Abuja during the #ResumeorResign campaign.Civil rights activists had asked Buhari who was treating an undisclosed ailment in London to either resume or relinquish their position.Ndume also urged the media to stay off reports capable of causing tension in the country.He said that the government was working hard to deliver on its promises and should be commended and not condemned.The lawmaker said that while they were not making excuses for the party, efforts at repositioning the country were being intensified.“The APC has problems like every other party and particularly because it is a combination of many parties that came together to wrestle power from PDP,” they said.“I am not using that as an excuse, but the people criticising APC are the people that destroyed Nigeria, abused and vandalised Nigeria for 16 years.“When the previous government came into power, yes, there was armed robbery problem but it was minimal.“There was no kidnapping, Boko Haram and no farmers-herders clash. Even, communal clashes then were not frequent.“Buhari said they will address three things – insecurity, infrastructural decay and corruption.While we will not say we have gotten there yet, we are working hard.“Some of the challenges faced by this government are pure criminality and we should not politicise the issue
As a property owner of nearly 30 years in the McGregor-Albert community I have witnessed the evolution of this community and witnessed firsthand the many wonderful benefits the students bring to the area. The St. Patrick's Day event is obviously open for debate. However, the one thing that is indisputable is the incredible job all the first responders did in order to ensure as much safety and security as possible to the residents of this area. On Saturday, I witnessed firsthand the large presence of police, hired security, firefighters, ambulance attendants and city bylaw officers as they made their way around the streets ensuring as much order as possible was upheld given the circumstances they were dealt with. Students seemed to notice them too.
It is also worth mentioning the many students who I encountered that day who showed the utmost respect for myself and the community. Several students greeted me with a friendly hello as they passed me and clearly were intent on only having fun — not causing trouble. It is unfortunate that all students get painted with the same brush as a small minority of disrespectful troublemakers. The respectful behaviour of many of these students needs to be commended.
The following morning after the event I had the opportunity to speak with a few of my neighbours and, by all counts, we agreed that this year's unsanctioned St. Patrick's Day event had a different feel and tone to it. It appeared to those I spoke with that, despite the large number of revellers, the police, security and first responders were clearly proactive in their approach and ensured that any partygoers who were not upholding the standards, that were clearly spelled out to them well in advance of the event, were dealt with swiftly. In a very palatable way, it felt more orderly than previous years, despite the message of mayhem that may have been portrayed through both formal and social media.
The task faced by police, firefighters, paramedics, and city and university officials was large but you helped to provide us all with a great sense of safety.
Phenomenal fishing was one of the reasons Port Colborne was chosen to be part of the Berkley B1 Championship Tour, said tournament president Ben Woo.
“There's a bass factory right off of the city,” said Woo, just days ahead of the fishing tournament on Lake Erie.
Woo said it's the first year for the tournament, which started in 2009 in Quebec, in Ontario. They said a poll was taken of anglers that participate in the event asking where they wanted to fish.
“They said the Bay of Quinte and Port Colborne … it was a popular choice”
Logistics, they said, factored into the decision to host the event in the city at H.H. Knoll Lakeview Park as well.
“We're able to put on a large show … there's the park, the stage and the marina and a lot of space for the 160 anglers. It made sense. We came to the city and they were onboard,” said Woo, a guide angler and TV and radio show host.
Anglers will battle it out for $75,000 in cash and prizes including a Ranger bass boat package courtesy of Maple City Marine.
The tournament was starting to set up on Monday, in preparation for the two-day event, August 18-19, which will be livestreamed with multiple cameras on Facebook at www.facebook.com/berkleyb1open/.
While tournament organizers were starting to set up, Woo said anglers in the tournament were on Lake Erie practicing.
“They were out looking for where the bass are, where they were going to go, how they were going to plan their day and manage their time.”
Anglers were allowed to fish in both Canadian and American waters during practice and those waters are also open during the tournament. Ninety-five per cent of the anglers taking part in the tournament are Canadian, from Quebec and Ontario. There are a number of anglers from the Niagara Region as well.
“It's a live release event … we have a live release boat,” they said.
Woo said anglers are allowed five bass a day, smallmouth or largemouth, and after the first day, the field will be cut in half. They said Lake Erie is known for its giant smallmouth bass and expects that's what those coming to watch the weigh-in will see.
“The Bay of Quinte saw largemouth bass,” they said.
Boats leave in waves during the event, with the first group of 25 leaving at 7 a.m., followed by a wave of 25 every 10 minutes. The first wave returns for weigh-in at 3 p.m.
dajohnson@postmedia.com
Twitter: @DaveJTheTrib
SPRINGFIELD, Mass.- The Springfield Thunderbirds are excited to announce they will be welcoming U.S. Women's Olympic Hockey gold medalist and Westfield native Kacey Bellamy to the Thunderbirds home game on Saturday, March 31 at the MassMutual Center against the Utica Comets.
Western Massachusetts' gold medalist will be on hand at the MassMutual Center for a meet-and-greet and autograph session with fans on the concourse, beginning at 6:00 p.m. ET. This free of charge event will allow fans to get an up close look at the 2018 Olympic gold medal.
In addition, Bellamy will be involved as part of the Greater Springfield League Parade of Champions during the first intermission. The Thunderbirds are proud hosts of the Parade of Champions at the conclusion of the GSL hockey playoffs.
Each championship team and runner-up will be honored on the ice during the intermission, where they will get to take a team photo with the GSL Championship Trophy. Bellamy will also be involved in the photographs at center ice with the GSL medal-winning teams.
Bellamy, who played their college hockey at the University of New Hampshire, has been to the Olympic Games on three occasions representing the United States. After picking up silver medals in Vancouver in 2010 and in Sochi in 2014, Bellamy and the U.S. Women's Olympic Hockey team finally reached the pinnacle of the Olympic Games this past February in Pyeongchang, defeating Team Canada in a shootout to earn Team USA's first gold medal in women's hockey since 1998.
Bellamy has also been a member of the National Women's Hockey League's Boston Pride from the league's opening in 2015, and they previously skated for the Boston Blades of the Canadian Women's Hockey League from 2010-15.
U.S. customs officials have released a photo of a mock improvised explosive device that led to delays at Toronto's Pearson International Airport when it was found in a passenger's luggage earlier this month.
United States Customs and Border Protection tweeted the photo Monday morning and praised the officers who spotted the device on April 6.
Read more:U.S. man arrested as fake bomb stalls Chicago-bound flight at Pearson
The discovery of the item during an inspection at the airport's pre-clearance area caused what was described as a major security breach.
Passengers on a United Airlines flight to Chicago were stuck on the tarmac for more than four hours before they could disembark.
Former Peterborough Poet Laureate Charley Genever has been awarded £14,000 of National Lottery funding by Arts Council England to support their project Freak Speak in creating Peterborough's first young poetry and spoken word collective.
The project will include a series of masterclasses for a group of 14-25 year olds ran by the country's top poetry and spoken word talent.
Poet Laureate for Peterborough, Clare Currie receives their award
The poets involved will be given the chance to showcase their work professionally at four events in the city over the next 18 months.
This is the second grant Charley has been awarded by the organisation and will continue their successful work with poets in the area.
Them spoken word night Freak Speak attracted national headliners to the city both as performers at the event and audience members included Benjamin Zephaniah, Joelle Taylor, and Rob Auton. The night was also featured on a prestigious list of ‘Best Spoken Word Nights in the UK' compiled by Picador books.
Charley said: “I've seen a real change in the dynamics of the poetry scene in the city over the last couple of years. We're seeing younger, more diverse poets take to the mic, and new open mics and writing groups popping up all the time.
I want to harness this exciting time and push the community even further, really embed Peterborough on the national spoken word map, and create an army of young, loud, Peterborough poets.”
Aside from running Freak Speak and other events across the city, Charley also released their first poetry collection, ‘Unsexed', which is available on their website.
Aspiring poets will be invited to apply to be part of the collective in January 2018. Details will be available at www.freakspeakpoetry.co.uk.
Meanwhile, the new Poet Laureate for Peterborough is Clare Currie.
Clare was chosen by a panel of judges, led by their predecessor Charley Genever, artist Tony Nero and the poet Viv Foster.
As well as writing commissioned poems about the local area, the Poet Laureate acts as advocate for the growing and exciting Spoken Arts in the City, and as an ambassador for all of Peterborough. This role has been in the city since 1998 and Clare is the 17th Laureate
Clare, pictured (below)with the other finalists, said: “Peterborough's spoken word scene is vibrant and exciting. I feel privileged to be awarded the role of Laureate for the city. I'm looking forward to supporting existing events, introducing new initiatives and taking poetry to new places and audiences.
To contact Clare email: peterboroughpoetsutd@gmail.com
Photo: Tony Nero
Violence spikes in the disputed region as a series of videos circulated on social media inflame tensions.
SRINAGAR, INDIA—Dozens of people were injured Monday in anti-India protests and clashes between Kashmiri students and government forces in the disputed Himalayan region.
The protests began in Indian-controlled Kashmir's key city of Srinagar when hundreds of college students took to the streets to protest a police raid in a college in southern Pulwama town on Saturday, in which at least 50 students were injured.
Police said the first clash occurred after officers tried to stop hundreds of students from marching in the city's main commercial hub. The students were chanting slogans “Go India, go back” and “We want freedom.”
The protests soon spread to several colleges in Srinagar and other parts of Kashmir, leading to pitched battles between rock-throwing students and government forces firing shotgun pellets and tear gas.
Kashmiris have been seething with anger since April 9, when eight people were killed by government troops during clashes on a polling day for India's parliament seat. Only about 7 per cent of the area's nearly 1.3 million voters cast ballots, the lowest turnout in elections over the past five decades.
Zubair Qureshi
The world powers particularly the United Nations should stand up for the right and just cause of the Kashmiris in the Indian-held Jammu & Kashmir as they have been facing the worst atrocities by the occupying Indian forces.
Chairman of Nazriya Pakistan Council (NPC) Dr Naeem Ghani said this at the launching ceremony of 4-day photo exhibition titled “Kashmir Main Bharti Mazalim Ki Kahani: Tasweeron ki Zubani” (Story of Indian Atrocities in Kashmir Through Pictures) held at the Aiwan-e-Quaid on Friday.
Nazriya Pakistan Council (NPC) had organized the event which was attended by a large number of patriotic Pakistanis particularly youth. Senior Vice Chairman of NPC Mian Muhammad Javed, Members Executive Committee of the NPC, Dr Basharat Jazbi and Mrs Qamar Aftab and a large number of civil society representatives and students attended the launching ceremony on the first day (Friday).
The exhibition will continue until February 5, Monday which is marked as Kashmir Day all over Pakistan and is an official holiday. Dr Ghani urged the United Nations to play its role in resolving the 70-year old dispute between the two countries and ascertain the Kashmiri people had their right of self-determination. As the world is increasingly growing conscious of the rights of the oppressed nations a collective voice should be given for the rights of the Kashmiri people, said Dr Ghani.
The Saskatchewan Roughriders acquired defensive lineman Charleston Hughes Friday, hours after the Hamilton Tiger-Cats briefly picked up the 2017 CFL sack leader from Calgary.
Hamilton acquired Hughes from the Stampeders in the early afternoon before dealing them to the Roughriders in exchange for quarterback Vernon Adams Jr.
The Stampeders received a fourth-round pick in the 2019 draft from Hamiton in the original Hughes deal. Calgary and the Ticats also exchange fourth-round picks in the 2018 draft — the Stampeders receiving the 28th overall selection and Hamilton the 34th.
Hughes led the CFL in sacks last season with 11.
"In a salary-cap world, sometimes difficult decisions have to be made and this is definitely a very difficult decision," Stampeders president and general manager John Hufnagel said in a release. "Charleston has been a big part of our winning ways over the past 10 years and I thank them for their service and for the positive impact they made on this organization and this community.
"I wish them nothing but the best for the future."
Hughes joined the Stampeders in 2008 and played a total of 162 games, including 15 playoff games, over 10 seasons.
The 34-year-old Saginaw, Mich., native leaves Calgary with a share of the franchise record with 99 career regular-season sacks. Hughes also had 372 defensive tackles, 38 special-teams tackles, three interceptions, 23 forced fumbles, five fumble recoveries and one touchdown with the Stampeders.
Hughes has appeared in 11 career playoff games and four Grey Cup games.
By The Canadian Press
A: I'm the 19th president of this organization. While we are proud of all of the work we have done in the past, we always have to ask ourselves: What's next? What's new? It's not just the digital revolution, but the fragmentation of media, artificial intelligence. That changes how we think about the work, how we build insights, how we create content. But the magic in our business has not disappeared. Big, creative ideas are as important as ever before.
Q: With everything from cord cutting to digital platforms disrupting traditional media, how does the traditional ad agency adapt and evolve?
A: So many people in our industry complain about media fragmentation. I love it for two reasons. One, we have so many more ways of expressing ourselves, so many more canvases we can put our ideas against. Before, it was your traditional TV spot. Now you have Facebook ads, you have an Instagram feed — you have so many different things. For us, it's a much better challenge and a much bigger opportunity.
Secondly, because of the fragmentation, we have to create better work. Because you don't have to watch what we produce. So our standard of doing relevant work is higher than ever before.
Q: Nineteenth-century Philadelphia department store pioneer John Wanamaker coined an advertising maxim that still resonates: "Half my advertising is wasted; I just don't know which half." Do we have a better idea of what works in the digital age?
A: Yes. Because of big data and some of the progress in scientific advertising, we understand the return on investment better than before. But I think the digital revolution had a lot of overpromise, and a lot of the digital media didn't comply with our high expectation on transparency. But overall I think we have a much better understanding of what creative works and what doesn't.
Q: Use of ad-blocking software grew 30 per cent last year, according to Irish consulting firm PageFair. How do you overcome the latest technological obstacle to getting your ads viewed online?
A: It's just a bigger challenge to us to do better work that people are willing to watch and consume and engage with. We cannot waste people's time; we have to create something that's meaningful and relevant and engages them emotionally. That's our job every day.
Chicago Tribune
If you're not near a radio in Las Vegas, tune into X107.5 using the ALL NEW Radio.com app on your smart device!
It's all about New Music in THE BEATDOWN w/ Pauly Kover, weeknights at 9PM on X107.5. We play NEW songs back-to-back and then YOU get to vote. Winner moves on to the next night against another NEW song with hopes of winning 10 nights in a row & entering The Beatdown Hall Of Fame…
***RULES - Both songs will air at 9PM PDT and from 9-10PM, you can vote for your favorite by...
1) Calling 702-791-1075
2) Texting the Centennial Toyota Text Line 73100 (Msg & Data rates may apply).
Only 1 vote per method. At 10PM, the votes will be tallied and the winner will be announced.***
Below is a list of this week's bands that are competing for the Championship...
MON 5/28 - NO BEATDOWN
TUE 5/29 - NEW Champion Awaken I Am “Dissolution” vs Morgxn “Carry The Weight”
WINNER & NEW CHAMPION: Morgxn “Carry The Weight” w/ 75% of the vote!
WED 5/30 - Champion Morgxn “Carry The Weight” vs Grandson “BLOOD // WATER”
WINNER: TBD BY YOU!
THU 5/31 - Champion vs KOPPS ft Joywave “Hott”
WINNER: TBD BY YOU!
FRI 6/1 - Champion vs Post Malone “Over Now”
WINNER: TBD BY YOU!
THE BEATDOWN 2018 HOF INDUCTEES: Fitness “Matter Of Time”, Parade Of Lights “Tidal Waves”, Cemetery Sun “Stay A While”, Stokeswood “Walls”​ & Kitten “I Did It” (All HOFers are entered into the end of the year Championship Tournament)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A contestant on the 2017 series of the show treated themselves to some well deserved pampering following their stint in the jungle.
Vanessa White enjoyed a relaxing break in the Cotswolds this week in a luxury spa hotel.
The 28-year-old singer, who finished eighth in the latest series of the reality show, posted pictures to their Instagram of their trip to Barnsley Hotel and Spa, near Cirencester.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The star, who gained fame as one fifth of girl band The Saturdays, looked happier than ever as they posed on top of a Mercedes-Benz jeep.
They wrote: "When you wear fresh Air Forces to the countryside... @mercedesbenzuk.
They also posted a picture of them at the spa wearing a velvet jacket and trouser combo teamed with military boots - sporting a shorter cropped hairstyle.
The latest series of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! picked up the challenge show gong at the National Television Awards last week.
The Saturdays, which also consists of Frankie Bridge, Una Healy, Rochelle Humes and Mollie King, have enjoyed great chart success since forming in 2007 with hits including Up, All Fired Up and Issues.
The band has been on a hiatus since 2014 whilst members embark on solo projects.
Have you spotted a celebrity in Gloucestershire? Tweet us @glosliveonline
Bang Bang
Written and directed by Kat Sandler. Until February 18 at Factory Theatre, 125 Bathurst St. Factorytheatre.ca and 416-504-9971. How to engage with experiences that are not your own without imposing your own biases, preconceptions, and privileges? It's one of the most pressing and complex questions of our time, and for writers and artists, it's a minefield. How far does artistic license go when representing characters not like yourself, and situations you haven't been in? Toronto playwright Kat Sandler has charged into this contentious territory with a world premiere play about police brutality, gun violence, systemic racism — and the role of the artist in representing them. What's more, it combines rip-roaring comedy with serious and thoughtful treatment of the issues, and under Sandler's own direction moves between comedic and dramatic registers with sophistication and snappy pace.
Article Continued Below
The situation is this: Lila (Khadijah Roberts-Abdullah) is a Black former cop who left the force when they shot an unarmed Black youth. She's back living with their psychologist mother Karen (Karen Robinson) and is reclusive and depressed. Contributing greatly to their misery is a play based on their story, by white writer Tim (Jeff Lillico), which made the shooting even more of a sensation and led to Lila being publicly vilified. Tim turns up at the house to pave the way for the arrival of the Hollywood actor Jackie (Sébastian Heins) and their security guy Tony (Richard Zeppieri). Jackie plans to appear in a film based on Tim's play — about which Lila and Karen knew nothing — and is there to do research by meeting the cop whose experience inspired it all: “I'm here to kind of figure out your motivations. To see it from another POV, to use a filming term.” To say that Lila and their mother are unimpressed with this turn of events is to put it mildly. What is most remarkable about this play and production is that it's so damn funny. Particularly in the first act, Sandler derives humour from the gaping lack of understanding between self-absorbed, “woke” Tim and the woman who never agreed to be their “inspiration.” Roberts-Abdullah skilfully communicates Lila's combination of rising indignation and spiritual exhaustion, and Robinson displays killer timing with their incredulous verbal and physical reactions to Tim's floundering claims (while also, slowly, revealing secrets of their own).
Piling out of the car, a bare-bones concrete space adorned with a couple banners and a side-flanking kitchen with a string of basic boilers greets us. This is where we meet husband-and-wife team, Worakarn “Keng” and Busarin “Amm” Yu Yang Thai.
We've been criss-crossing and backtracking for 40 minutes; everyone's phone is lit with Internet search results. I'm certain we're lost, but it turns out we're not.
While most of us only associate the Land of Smiles's cooking with pad thai and green curry, Ricker's outposts in Portland, Brooklyn (Michelin-starred) and Los Angeles instead serve laap muu khua phrae (northern-style minced pork salad) and the night market staple, hoi thawt (broken crepe with mussels).
The guide is Andy Ricker, chef-owner of Pok Pok , known in the West as the American Thai food guru. As a long-time student in Thai cuisine, Ricker has spent more than two decades researching its food and building their Pok Pok restaurant empire. The paw khrua (“father of the kitchen,” a.k.a. male cook and Ricker's social media handle) is fittingly Thailand's first Culinary Ambassador.
CHIANG MAI, THAILAND–We're weaving through the streets of San Sai chasing after what promises to be the best bowl of Chiang Mai noodles (a.k.a. khao soi), and — given the flavourful dish's popularity and provincial origins — likely the world.
With Ricker's guidance, I start to appreciate how distinct northern and northeastern cuisine is from the rest of the country, and from what the world knows of as Thai food.
We get right down to business, ordering Ricker's favourite renditions of beef and chicken khao soi. When they try to add khao mok gai (chicken biryani), Ricker's devastated to learn that it's dropped off the menu. The reason was simple: with fewer customers and a staff of two, the smaller business simply couldn't afford to offer it. Amm tells us that the couple's hasty move was motivated by the need to be closer to Kang's ailing mother.
Named after nearby Prince Royal's College, the original Khao Soi Prince has built a loyal following since 1965. (Ricker's been a fan of the family-run Thai-Muslim restaurant since 1992.) The business moved with little notice last year to a second location; our frantic search was due to a third unpublicized move to an address-less building — a fraction of the size of its predecessor — in the subdistrict of Nong Han.
The region's cooler climate permits the growth of a wide variety of seasonal vegetables and herbs. The result is food that's distinctly bitter, herbaceous, tart and funky. There's less emphasis on chili, and a unique profile of spices unlike those in the south, due to the region's trading past with Burma and China.
Taste those influences in Khao Soi Prince Maejo's namesake dish: from flat homemade wheat noodles that point to its Chinese-Muslim origin to the flavourful curry broth, sweetened slightly with a splash of coconut cream — a common ingredient in the south, but present in a handful of northern dishes — it bathes in.
The thin-looking gaeng (Muslim-style curry) is based on a recipe by Kang's father Sompong Yu Yang Thai, and made with a masala-like spice with beef or bone-in chicken. Flavour-wise, it starts off mild but bursts of complexity by the time I'm scraping the bowl.
Capped with fried egg noodles for texture, the dish is served with a refreshing side of pickled mustard greens (a Chinese ingredient sourced from the same market vendor), hunks of raw shallots, lime wedges and ground chili.
The Kingdom of Thailand's layered flavours are a reflection of its diverse makeup. In contrast to the north, the south is a balance of sweet, hot, salty and sour. As one of the major trading ports between India and China, Phuket was heavily influenced by Indian culture. “It's why you find curries and spicier foods there,” local guide Theerapakorn “Oak” Wongkamhaeng tells me.
The food at out-of-the-way Mor Mu Dong in east Phuket is a prime example.
Dining in one of the rustic open-air salas (bamboo huts) that sits over a tiny crab-infested mangrove swamp is less romantic than it sounds, but we're here for the seafood and their specialty, pla pao. Bloated with a chili-spiced forcemeat-like stuffing, the deboned salt-crusted mackerel is grilled until golden crisp and marvellous.
“Try everything,” Ricker shares. “Food is a window into the past … the people here are proud of their cuisine, and are more likely to share it if you're open to it. Be inquisitive, and don't assume you know what things are.” By the latter, he's referencing foods like the khanom jeen nam ya pla chon they discovered on this trip.
Thai cuisine can't be compartmentalized. There's always more to learn and even more to taste. It's comforting to know that even part-time residents like Ricker are still discovering unfamiliar foods.
Back in Chiang Mai, on a side street at Laap Kao Cham Cha, under the raintree the restaurant is named after, we feast on a spread of grilled offal, flavourful yum so o (pomelo salad) and laap we're picking up between thumbfuls of sticky rice.
A plate arrives to the table, and without much fanfare Ricker says it's deep fried frog. Showered by minced garlic and MSG, the bony morsels have been grilled and then flash fried, which results in a seaweed chip-like skin that's delicious and addictive. It reminds me of the shattering-crunchy frog skins I had months earlier at Bangkok's Soei.
My dining companions try a piece each, but I polish off the plate … until I see what appears to be a stretched out shrunken face. It's the only time I leave something untouched.
“Yeah, there's everything in there,” muses Ricker. “Bones, legs… the head.”
Renée S. Suen was hosted by the Tourism Authority of Thailand, which didn't review or approve this story.
When you go
Get there:Cathay Pacific (cathaypacific.com) flies daily from Toronto Pearson to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi with a stopover in Hong Kong. Regional airlines, including Nok Air and AirAsia, have multiple flights a day connecting the cities of Bangkok, Chiang Mai, Khon Kaen and Phuket.
Stay: There are many choices for budget accommodations, but pamper all senses at the Four Seasons Resort Chiang Mai (fourseasons.com/chiangmai ) which showers attention on everything from the manicured landscape to the luxurious rooms — mine with a view overlooking the property's rice paddies, and incomparable hospitality. Luxury and comfort can be found at Banyan Tree Bangkok (banyantree.com/ca/ap-thailand-bangkok ), an urban resort with an award-winning spa, and some of the best (and highest) views of the city. Set in the Phuket rainforest, Keemala (keemala.com) enchants guests with different themed villas and cottages, each with their own plunge pool, plus a thoughtful holistic and culinary program.
Do your research:tourismthailand.org, pokpokrestaurants.com
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crewe Vagrants climbed to fourth in Division Three thanks to a derby day success against Sandbach.
They have hit form after enduring a sticky spell, and will announce themselves as promotion contenders if they can beat leaders Endon at home this weekend (Saturday, 1pm).
Vagrants won the toss and elected to make first use, but were dealt an immediate setback when opener Martin Dawson went for no runs.
Laurence Bowyer clean-bowled him, and went onto return 5-33 in an excellent individual display.
Sandbach skipper Ross Kesteven picked up 4-36 to restrict the hosts to 161ao, for which they were most grateful to Nick Lange, who plundered 75.
Gary Jennison (19), Sam Youds (14) and Fahar Ul Islam (11) were next best, but Crewe were going to need a good performance in the field to take the points.
And they got it, with Lange (5-16) and Oliver Jarvis (3-26) to the fore.
The Sandbach openers managed just a single run between them, and it wasn't until Jack Kesteven came in at number five that they offered any real resistance.
They blasted a defiant 52no, adding to 27 from Ather Abid, but the tail was washed away. Jennison took two catches as the visitors were 107ao.
Crewe 2nds were knocked out of the Talbot Shield by Wedgwood on Sunday despite Tom Harding's 52no.
ELWORTH suffered their first Premier Division defeat in six outings when they were thrashed by 143 runs at Longton.
A brave unbeaten knock of 49 by Joe Stephenson was the highlight for the Foxes, on a day they would probably rather forget.
It was punishing for the bowlers in extreme heat as the home side batted first, and Yasir Ali's 2-55 was scant reward for their 17 overs.
They did account for both Tom Steele (99) and Ross Coates (87), however, as Longton scored 248-6ic.
Jaded Elworth fell to 27-4 as Eddie Jones (3-31) proved a thorn in the side. Ed Parish slowed things up with 18, but it was Stephenson who truly stood form, hitting nine boundaries.
It was only a matter of time, though, and Elworth were 105ao after 39.4 overs.
BETLEY's struggle at the foot of Division One continued with an 86-run reverse at home to Wood Lane.
The visitors posted 234-9ic (Nadeem Ashraf 53, Khalid Hamidi 5-71) before Betley were 148ao (James Austin 35, Lewis Clarke 25, Mohammad Irfan 5-32).
Dewi Jones took 6-63 for third-bottom WESTON but they fell by two wickets at Caverswall.
They made the hosts fight every inch for their victory, but they reached 152-8 in reply to Weston's 151ao (Phil Stockton 40, Zia Ur Rehman 28, Jones 27).
In Division Two ALSAGER went down by 94 runs at Stafford.
The hosts made first use and posted 251ao (Tino Mafusire 86, Gareth Rowe 3-50, Tom Bason 2-60).
Sean Price (55) and Paul Pickford (27) impressed but Alsager were 157ao (Guy Seaton 5-7) in reply.
WOORE recorded a winning draw at Silverdale as Dissanagge Eranga Thilina Rathanayake produced a brilliant 137no.
The club's professional stroked 16 fours and a pair of maximums in their 134-ball knock which provided the backbone of the side's innings.
Hassan Haleem contributed 47 as the closed on 230-5.
Silverdale put the shuttes up and survived with 170-8 in reply, as Woore talents Matthew Waller, 13, and Tom Saji, 14, both took their first wickets at the level. Craig Ruscoe retured 3-41.
New York
US regulators said they have fined Deutsche Bank, Germany's largest lender, $70 million for attempted manipulation of an interest rate benchmark.
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) said in a statement late Thursday that it had ordered the German bank to pay the fine after finding that its subsidiary, Deutsche Bank Securities, “made false reports and through the acts of multiple traders attempted to manipulate the US Dollar International Swaps and Derivatives Association Fix (USD ISDAFIX).”
The ISDAFIX is global benchmark for interest-rate derivatives and other financial instruments.
The attempted manipulation took place between January 2007 and May 2012 and traders “knew their conduct was illegal,” the CFTC said. “There is no room in our markets for manipulation,” said CFTC's enforcement director, James McDonald.
Deutsche Bank has been received a number of fines in the US for market manipulation.
In April 2015, it reached a $2.5 billion global settlement with authorities in London, Washington and New York over the manipulation of the key London Interbank Offer Rate (LIBOR), which influences transactions around the world.—APP
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ATLANTA (AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 6:24 pm |
Tom Virgili surveys the damage from broken limbs of pine trees after a heavy snowfall Saturday, in Kennesaw, Ga. (AP Photo/Mike Stewart)
Thousands remain without electricity across the Deep South days after a winter snow storm snapped power lines across the region.
At least 18,500 homes and businesses in Georgia were still in the dark Monday according to Georgia Power and Georgia Electric Membership Corporation. Metro Atlanta got several inches of snow Friday and Saturday, while some areas farther north saw up to a foot of snowfall.
Utilities in Louisiana reported that at least 1,000 customers were still waiting for power to be restored. Mississippi had about 700 outages and Alabama roughly 500.
Several school systems closed Monday in Georgia because of a lingering threat of icy road conditions.
The unusually heavy December snow storm brought flurries to New Orleans and dumped several inches in Mississippi and Alabama.
Almost 1,000 swimmers took part in last year's hugely successful Abu Dhabi Swimming Festival by Daman's ActiveLife and the 2017 ambassador, 2016 Olympic gold medallist in the women's 100-metre butterfly, Sarah Sjostrom, said they hope this year's event can attract even more competitors. “I am thrilled to be the international ambassador for this established mass participation swimming event. It is great to see people of all ages in Abu Dhabi being encouraged to take part in a sport that I love and I hope we will see over 1,000 people at Emirates Palace on March 11.”
The Moon as seen from the Space Station
The toxic side of the Moon
When the Apollo astronauts returned from the Moon, the dust that clung to their spacesuits made their throats sore and their eyes water. Lunar dust is made of sharp, abrasive and nasty particles, but how toxic is it for humans? The “lunar hay fever”, as NASA astronaut Harrison Schmitt described it during the Apollo 17 mission created symptoms in all 12 people who have stepped on the Moon. From sneezing to nasal congestion, in some cases it took days for the reactions to fade. Inside the spacecraft, the dust smelt like burnt gunpowder. The Moon missions left an unanswered question of lunar exploration – one that could affect humanity's next steps in the Solar System: can lunar dust jeopardise human health?
Moon dusts on astronaut after moonwalk An ambitious ESA research programme with experts from around the planet is now addressing the issues related to lunar dust. “We don't know how bad this dust is. It all comes down to an effort to estimate the degree of risk involved,” says Kim Prisk, a pulmonary physiologist from the University of California with over 20 years of experience in human spaceflight – one of the 12 scientists taking part in ESA's research. Nasty dust
Lunar dust has silicate in it, a material commonly found on planetary bodies with volcanic activity. Miners on Earth suffer from inflamed and scarred lungs from inhaling silicate. On the Moon, the dust is so abrasive that it ate away layers of spacesuit boots and destroyed the vacuum seals of Apollo sample containers.
Lunar dust particle Fine like powder, but sharp like glass. The low gravity of the Moon, one sixth of what we have on Earth, allows tiny particles to stay suspended for longer and penetrate more deeply into the lung. “Particles 50 times smaller than a human hair can hang around for months inside your lungs. The longer the particle stays, the greater the chance for toxic effects,” explains Kim. The potential damage from inhaling this dust is unknown but research shows that lunar soil simulants can destroy lung and brain cells after long-term exposure.
Down to the particle On Earth, fine particles tend to smoothen over years of erosion by wind and water, lunar dust however, is not round, but sharp and spiky. In addition the Moon has no atmosphere and is constantly bombarded by radiation from the Sun that causes the soil to become electrostatically charged.
Collecting lunar samples This charge can be so strong that the dust levitates above the lunar surface, making it even more likely to get inside equipment and people's lungs. Dusty workplace To test equipment and the behaviour of lunar dust, ESA will be working with simulated Moon dust mined from a volcanic region in Germany. Working with the simulant is no easy feat. “The rarity of the lunar glass-like material makes it a special kind of dust. We need to grind the source material but that means removing the sharp edges,” says Erin Tranfield, biologist and expert in dust toxicity. The lunar soil does have a bright side. “You can heat it to produce bricks that can offer shelter for astronauts. Oxygen can be extracted from the soil to sustain human missions on the Moon,” explains science advisor Aidan Cowley.
Deep breath This week ESA is hosting a workshop on lunar resources at the European Space Research Technology Centre in the Netherlands, meanwhile in space ESA astronaut Alexander Gerst is running a session of the Airway Monitoring experiment to monitor lung health in reduced gravity – preparing for a sustainable return to our nearest neighbour in the Solar System.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. — A New Jersey woman has sued Wells Fargo Bank, saying they were fired for refusing to participate in a scheme to manipulate accounts and sell products that weren't in customers' best interest. Melinda Bini filed a lawsuit in state court in New Jersey on April 5 against the bank and three supervisors ...
Lahore
The Pakistan Industrial & Traders Associations Front (PIAF) Sunday urged the government to take more measures for controlling crimes. PIAF Chairman Irfan Iqbal Sheikh, Senior Vice Chairman Tanveer Ahmed Sufi and Vice Chairman Khawaja Shahzeb Akram, in a joint statement here, said dacoities in industrial areas had become order of the day.
They condemned dacoity in the office of former LCCI senior vice president and PIAF member Mian Nauman Kabir, situated at a busy road of Garden Town. The PIAF office-bearers suggested the government to expedite the intelligence network in the province, besides further strengthening police patrolling on roads. They said parking of trucks or other heavy-duty loaders should be ensured at designated stands on highways as it would also help control crimes, particularly in industrial areas. They said the business community played an important role in running the affairs of the country, therefore, extraordinary steps were needed for their protection.— APP
Rawalpindi
At least 35 persons suffered burn injuries and two lost their lives in 10 Sui Gas/LPG explosions occurred during the month of January, said District Emergency Officer, Rawalpindi Dr. Abdul Rehman.
Talking to APP they said, there was need for launching an awareness campaign among the people about safety measures needed to be taken on such occasions and about the first aid to be provided to the victims.
Every year in winter, there had been reports of casualties due to incidents of gas explosions caused by gas leakage from appliances, mostly from substandard portable gas heaters. The people know little about how to detect gas leakage, what to do in case of fire and how to provide immediate medical assistance to the burn victims before shifting them to a hospital.
If there is smell of gas inside your room or shop, then don't smoke or strike a match, don't turn on a light, don't operate any electrical appliance, don't use a flashlight or lighter and leave the place immediately.
The people should turn off the main gas valve, if possible, leave the doors open, call the gas or Rescue personnel. They further informed that Rescue 1122 Rawalpindi rescued 2409 victims of emergencies during last month while responding to 2496 emergency calls.—APP
Attorneys general from three states say a $275 million federal plan for keeping Asian carp from migrating into the Great Lakes is too pricey and rejects the most effective solution.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is recommending technologies such as electric barriers and water cannons at the Brandon Road Lock and Dam near Joliet, Illinois, which stands between the carp-infested Illinois River and Lake Michigan.
Attorneys general Bill Schuette of Michigan, Lori Swanson of Minnesota and Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania say a better way is replacing the lock gates with a concrete wall that would divide the Great Lakes and Mississippi River watersheds. That would cost only about $5.9 million.
They say the Corps plan favors the needs of shipping companies over those of the Great Lakes fishing industry.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
The assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother reflects the young dictator's “monomaniacal” character, a lawmaker from the parliament's national intelligence committee said Wednesday.
“It seems like the timing of the assassination has no meaning. It is rather a reflection of Kim Jong-un's monomaniacal side than a calculated move to remove a threat to their regime,” Rep. Kim Byung-kee of the Democratic Party of Korea told reporters after a closed-door session with the nation's spy agency chief.
“An assassination attempt from North Korea was first spotted in 2012. Kim Jong-nam sent a letter begging for their and theirs family's life to their brother Kim Jong-un in April that year,” Kim said. “In the letter, Kim Jong-nam said ‘Please cancel the punishment order for me and my family. We have nowhere to go. Suicide is the only way to escape.'”
(Edited Yonhap photo)
South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, on Wednesday confirmed that Kim Jong-nam, 46, was killed with poison at an airport in Kuala Lumpur by two unidentified women on Monday. They were waiting to take a flight to Macau, where their family members live.Pyongyang has been on the lookout for the opportunity to assassinate Kim Jong-nam, who was believed to be under the protection of the Chinese government until recently, the agency said.By Ock Hyun-ju ( laeticia.ock@heraldcorp.com
(KPLR) – Two suspects, Armond Calvin and Christopher Rhodes have been charged with resisting arrest and unlawful possession of a firearm.
Police say they the 2 were among 4 inside a car that police were pursuing last night.
The pursuit ended near North Florissant and 14th Street after officers used spike strips to disable the vehicle.
The 4 suspects ran from the scene. During the following foot chase, one officer fell and injured theirs hand.
Investigators say 3 guns were recovered from the car.
New Delhi/Islamabad
India and Pakistan on Sunday exchanged for the 26th consecutive year the list of their nuclear installations under a bilateral agreement that prohibits them from attacking each other's atomic facilities.
“India and Pakistan today exchanged, through diplomatic channels simultaneously at New Delhi and Islamabad, the list of nuclear installations and facilities covered under the Agreement on the Prohibition of Attack against Nuclear Installations between India and Pakistan,” the Indian ministry of external affairs said.
The agreement, which was signed on December 31, 1988 and entered into force on January 27, 1991, says that the two countries will inform each other of nuclear installations and facilities to be covered under the agreement on January 1 of every calendar year.
This is the 26th consecutive exchange of such list between the two countries, the first one having taken place on January 1, 1992.
The two countries also exchanged, through diplomatic channels simultaneously at New Delhi and Islamabad, the lists of nationals (including civil prisoners and fishermen) of each country lodged in their respective jails as per provisions of the agreement on consular access, the MEA said.
The agreement on consular access, signed between the two countries on May 21, 2008, provides for exchanging a comprehensive list of nationals of each country lodged in their jails twice each year — on January 1 and July 1.
“India remains committed to addressing with Pakistan on priority the humanitarian matters, including those pertaining to prisoners and fishermen in each other's country.
“In this context, we await from Pakistan confirmation of nationality of those inIndia's custody who are otherwise eligible for release and repatriation, the external affairs ministry said.
“We also await consular access to those Indian nationals in Pakistan's custody for whom it has so far not been provided including Hamid Nehal Ansari and Kulbhushan Jadhav,” said an MEA statement.
The Pakistani security forces had arrested Jadhav from Balochistan in March for planning and executing subversive activities.  They are a serving officer in the Indian Navy and deputed to the Indian intelligence agency Research and Analysis Wing”.
Ansari had crossed over illegally to Pakistan from Afghanistan in 2012 reportedly to meet a girl they had befriended online and then went missing. They were later arrested and tried by a court, which pronounced them guilty of espionage.—INP
Not long ago, Green Day‘s beloved Billie Joe Armstrong took to Instagram to give us hints about their new music and new band. The only “release date” we got from Billie was “soon”—nothing less, nothing more.
However, last Friday, April 20, they surprise dropped the debut album ‘Love Is For Losers‘ and a brand spankin' new music video for the title track, with their new side-project ‘The Longshot‘.
That's not all though. Apparently, these guys had another surprise in line for us—three brand-new EPs entitled ‘BULLETS‘, ‘RETURN TO SENDER‘, and ‘RAZOR BABY‘. The universe just keeps on giving!
Jaggernauth, Jordan Davis and Jimal Nembrand-Walker were charged with possession of cocaine for the purpose of trafficking and possession of the proceeds of crime in 2014, after police found them in a Scarborough apartment that contained multiple types of drugs and drug paraphernalia.
“The false attribution of evidence to an accused's possession, and false testimony by a police officer constitute precisely the type of state misconduct that undermines the integrity of the judicial process,” Corrick wrote.
Because of Trenouth's actions, Corrick excluded evidence gathered by them and other officers from the trial of Jaggernauth's co-accused, leading the judge to find them not guilty in the same decision.
Const. Bradley Trenouth “falsely attributed” a large piece of crack to Toronto man Jason Jaggernauth, Judge Katherine Corrick wrote in their Aug. 8 decision, staying the charges against Jaggernauth.
Drug charges against three men have been thrown out after a judge ruled that a Toronto police officer had been “deliberately misleading” in their testimony and notes in an attempt to “strengthen the case” against one of the accused.
Trenouth testified in a pretrial hearing that they saw a large piece of crack fall from Jaggernauth when officers got Jaggernauth to stand up from their chair — testimony that was backed up by the notes Trenouth said they took at the time of Jaggernauth's arrest, according to the judge's decision.
Police did not find any drugs on Jaggernauth, Corrick said.
Police officers found several grams of crack on Davis and crack, powdered cocaine and other drugs in Nembrand-Walker's pockets at the time of the arrest, Corrick wrote in their decision.
But at the trial several months later, Trenouth told the court that they did not see the crack fall from Jaggernauth, Corrick wrote. Instead, Trenouth testified that they found the piece of crack on the floor near Jaggernauth and assumed it had fallen from him.
Corrick noted other discrepancies between Trenouth's pretrial and trial testimonies in their decision.
At the preliminary hearing, Trenouth said they picked the large ball of crack off the floor after forensic officers had taken photos of the scene. But the photos taken do not include images of that specific piece of crack, Corrick wrote.
Trenouth told the court that might be because the piece of crack had been moved or stepped on before the photos were taken.
The large piece of crack was also missing from evidence photos taken by police about three hours later, in Trenouth's presence, the judge said.
Trenouth's story changed at trial, where they said there were no photos of the piece of crack because they had already picked it up and put it in their pocket before the photos were taken, Corrick wrote.
Corrick ruled on Aug. 8 that Trenouth did not find the crack near Jaggernauth, as the police officer had claimed.
“I have concluded that Officer Trenouth was deliberately misleading when they prepared their notes and testified at the preliminary hearing, in an effort to strengthen the case,” Corrick wrote.
It is unlikely that Trenouth, who has eight years of police experience, would pick up unwrapped drugs and put them in their pocket at a crime scene, Corrick said.
And if Trenouth had merely been mistaken in their pretrial testimony, they should have informed the Crown before the case went to trial, the judge added.
An investigation should be immediately opened into Trenouth's conduct in the case, Jaggernauth's lawyer Chris O'Connor said in an interview.
“The bottom line is . . . an officer falsely attributed an exhibit to my client that never was on my client,” O'Connor said.
Toronto police spokesperson Meaghan Gray said they “can't say whether (Trenouth) will face any discipline.” All disciplinary matters are confidential until the officer in question has appeared before a police services tribunal, Gray added.
“Generally speaking an investigation into allegations of an officer providing false evidence in court could lead to criminal charges (such as) perjury or (internal) discipline under the Police Services Act,” Gray said.
Corrick was scathing in their decision about the effects of Trenouth's false testimony.
“It is difficult to imagine how public confidence can be maintained in the rule of law when police officers present false evidence against accused persons,” Corrick wrote. “Our justice system cannot function unless courts can rely on the willingness of witnesses to . . . tell the truth.”
George N. Tzogopoulos
The Budapest “16+1” summit outlines China's developing presence in Central and Eastern Europe as well as in the Balkans. China is employing a model of win-win cooperation with various countries – either member states of the European Union or otherwise – and seeks to achieve tangible results in several sectors. Trade, investment, loan accords, culture, tourism and people-to-people exchanges dominated the agenda. The numbers speak for themselves. Chinese investment in the region, for instance, is currently triple that of five years ago, with an estimated value of more than $9 billion. Trade volume is equally on an upward trajectory.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, while in Hungarian capital Budapest, proposed new initiatives to further promote collaboration. The potential plan includes, inter alia, the import of high-quality agricultural products by China, the implementation of new rail lines, the establishment of industrial parks and logistics centers, and the participation of the 16 Central and Eastern European countries in the “Made in China 2025” strategy. Moreover, the establishment of an inter-bank association and strengthening of an investment cooperation fund will only add to the existing good climate.
Despite unquestionable progress and positive perspectives for the future, the “16+1” mechanism is generating serious alarm in Europe, principally within the European Commission and some powerful EU member states, such as Germany. There, it is framed as a specific foreign policy tool invented by the Beijing administration to allegedly ignore and defy the modus operandi of Brussels.
For its critics, the “16+1” mechanism reflects its supposed will to divide the EU. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel has even publicly said so, causing a vocal reaction from China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
For many years, the EU has attempted to forge a common foreign policy. Due to enduring differences among member states, which often arise when key themes are discussed, and hesitation by the member states to grant authorization to Brussels to speak on behalf of all, this attempt has yielded only minor results. Thus, it is rather unfair to blame an external factor – in this case China – for internal failures. Self-criticism is perhaps more required and useful.
From another perspective, Beijing's approach vis-à-vis EU member states of Central and Eastern Europe and the Balkans actually complements rather than competes with European norms. Boyko Borisov, prime minister of Bulgaria, the country where next year's summit will be held, downplayed fears during a press conference. It should not be forgotten that Brussels itself is looking for new ways of engagement with China.
For instance, the Investment Plan by the President of the European Commission, Jean Claude Juncker, functions as leverage to encourage financing from other sources for the implementation of several projects in the Old Continent, including the region where the “16+1” mechanism applies.
As far as non-EU member states are concerned, the same logic applies. By approaching them, China is not offering an alternative to future EU membership. By contrast, it is supporting investment projects, which are boosting growth and creating jobs under difficult economic circumstances. Brussels has not satisfied the hopes and expectations of people living in the Western Balkans.
As enlargement is practically off the agenda, German Chancellor Angela Merkel initiated in 2014 an intergovernmental process with the countries of the region – the so-called Berlin Process. Its aim is to boost economic as well as human connectivity in the region, yet progress has been less than impressive. Subsequently, it is natural for Western Balkan countries to opt out of the current “all talk no action” cycle and instead look to China – and also Russia – for the quick and actual implementation of promising development projects.
All in all, the Budapest speech made by Li has been well received by the summit's participants. This is perhaps the best confirmation of the “16+1” mechanism's success. When directly involved players speak highly of China's foreign and economic policy, it becomes clear that voices from the outside are gradually losing their significance.
The year 2017 marks the fifth anniversary of the launch of the “16+1” cooperation and it seems that the years to come will see important landmarks in that regard. China should not be seen as an adversary for the EU in Central and Eastern Europe as well as in the Balkans. The earlier Brussels realizes this, the faster joint benefits can be reached. The economic interests of both sides do certainly intersect. Courtesy: GT.
[The author is a lecturer at the European Institute in Nice, France. [email protected]].
Karachi/Kashmore
Police on Friday said that based on initial investigation, the cause of death of PPP minister Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani who was found shot dead in their house along with their wife on Thursday appears to be a suicide.
The senior politician first killed their wife, former MPA and long-time media professional Fareeha Razzaq, and then used the same weapon to commit suicide, said a press release issued by the deputy inspector general police, South Zone Karachi, on Friday.
‘On the basis of the available crime scene/circumstantial evidence and initial post-mortem report, it appears that Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani killed their wife and then committed suicide with the same weapon,' read the press release, adding all the empty bullet casings found at the crime scene were fired from the same weapon.
According to the press release, the police received a call at 2:30 pm on Thursday informing them that the bodies of Bijarani and their wife had been found on the first floor of their house.
Police officials had then rushed to the crime scene, where they found Fareeha Razzaq's body lying on the floor near the entrance to the study, located adjacent to the bedroom, the statement said, while Bijarani's body was found on a couch in the same room.
Regarding the police's initial investigation, the press release said: ‘The crime scene was secured and properly photographed. Forensic, fingerprint and investigation teams were called. DVR of CCTV cameras installed at the house has been seized.'
‘Relevant evidence' ? blood samples, bullet empties, fingerprints ? was also collected from the scene.
Six individuals interviewed by the police ? including two police guards and four domestic servants ? revealed that an altercation was ongoing between Bijarani and their wife over the past few days, said the police. The house was locked from the inside and the door was forcibly opened by Bijarani's son and servants.
Yesterday, the police guards had told the investigators they were not sure about the origin of the sound of gunshots — besides they were not allowed to go inside the house — so they stayed put outside.
However, the police guards said they had informed a house servant about the quarrel and gunshots when they arrived at around 9.30am, who had then called Razzaq's son from their first marriage.
Meanwhile, the funeral prayers of Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani, were offered on Friday in their ancestral village in Kurrampur, Kashmore.
Sindh Chief Minister Murad Ali Shah, other senior leaders of the Pakistan Peoples Party and thousands of people were attended the funeral prayers.
The prayers were led by Maulana Wazir Ali Jatoi at the Grid Station Ground. A public holiday was declared in Jacobabad and Kandkot today in light of the funeral. The funeral prayers of Fareeha Razzak were offered in Karachi.—INP
IT'S pointless getting too vexed about this because it is, after all, a programme produced for entertainment purposes only, as we used to say – but if Britain is really to survive independently of Europe with business people of the calibre of the contestants in this week's Apprentice, I give the country five years before it sinks into the Atlantic.
The show returned on Wednesday for its 13th season, which means that there should now be 12 alumni at the top table of our business community. Can you name any of them? Nor me – save for Katie Hopkins, heaven help us, and they didn't even win.
One of this week's contestants said they were “opinionitive”; most appeared to believe that the more meaningless buzz phrases you could utter, the better at business you were: get your ducks in a row and cascade the details – punch a puppy and keep me in the loop.
It's not a new phenomenon. I en­countered it first in 1989 when, sitting in at a board meeting in Sheffield, someone said “Let's task this to Phil – there's a window in their day”, when what they really meant was “Phil has a spare hour – let's ask them to take care of it”.
Does this go on elsewhere in the world? I can't imagine the French, somehow, mangling that florid language of theirs in a vain attempt to appear more eloquent.
They probably also don't arbitrarily jettison entire components of the language, as this week's contestants did with the letter T. “Ge' a move on”, “shu' up” and “make more pa'ies” were among their distillations of estuary English.
The last of these referred to the patties of minced meat they had been told to produce. One of the candidates should have felt completely at home because their role model, they said, was Colonel Sanders, the business person and not-an-actual colonel who created the fried chicken franchise.
No disrespect to the not-real colonel, but if someone asked me to tell a TV audience of perhaps 10 million who my hero was, I would not name someone who made me appear the intellectual equivalent of Donald Trump.
Trump was the original presenter of The Apprentice in America, and if you wanted proof that television eventually reduces everything to its level, I rest my case.
But there is another way in which this and all the other reality shows have lowered our cultural benchmark, and it is by creating the expectation that you get on TV today not by being good at something but by being appalling.
The reverse used to be true, as I was reminded this week at an event in Ilkley celebrating the 50th anniversary of television production in Yorkshire. Even the talent shows of that time – Opportunity Knocks from Manchester and Junior Showtime from the City Varieties theatre in Leeds – relied on getting the best acts they could find. The last thing they wanted was to embarrass someone who wasn't really up to it.
Today, the very purpose of some television is to do exactly that.
At least we can take comfort from having banished one or two anachronisms from those days. I had quite forgotten that the earliest editions of Junior Showtime included minstrel shows with children in blackface make-up.
The actor Russell Crowe was at the City Varieties this week, performing with their band and donating money for a seat named in their honour. They probably didn't tell them about the minstrels.
Perhaps I'm being unfair to the past Apprentice winners: a few were brought back for this week's programme, and they have gone on to careers that are successful and profitable – both of which are more bankable than fame. Tim Campbell, the first winner, sits on London's education board and was appointed by Boris Johnson, when they were Mayor, as an “ambassador for training and enterprise”.
Yet their main role, according to their website, is as a “motivational speaker” – in which capacity they exhort that “business is the catalyst of modern day paradigmatic change”.
I spent a few minutes trying to distil what that actually meant, but I don't honestly think it means anything. Yet so many people now talk this way that it has become the lingua franca of corporate Britain. Business Intelligence used to be the process of studying data and drawing from it wisdom; now it's merely a contradiction in terms.
The National Composites Centre (NCC) and Composites UK, the trade association for the UK composites industry, are working together on delivering a package of support for SMEs.
Companies eligible to apply for support include start-ups, micro companies and SMEs with less than 250 employees. They can have access to the following services:
–Death toll reaches 21
KARACHI: The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) also known as Daesh on Friday claimed the responsibility for the bombing at Pir Rakhel Shah Shrine in Jhal Magsi district of Balochistan that saw 20 people dead and several others wounded.
Officials and doctors had expressed fear that the death toll might soar in view of the critical condition of many injured. One of them succumbed to their injuries on Friday at Chandka Medical College Hospital in Larkana, pushing the death toll to 21.
A suicide bomber had blown themselves up at the entrance of the Sufi shrine minutes before the sunset on Thursday when hundreds of devotees had gathered for a religious congregation.
Last week, the Foreign Office denied the organised presence of ISIS in the country, saying that Pakistan remains immune to IS, while in July, ISPR Director General Major General Asif Ghafoor said that there was no presence of the ISIS in Pakistan and intelligence-based operations had dismantled the organised terror network in the country.
Pakistan has repeatedly denied the presence of the IS in the country while it does acknowledge the presence of the outfit in Afghanistan with apprehension. Over the past year, the country witnessed a number of incidents where ISIS pamphlets had appeared and then the very recent emergence of IS flag in Islamabad adds salt to the injury. On September 24, an IS flag, inscribed with ‘Khilafat is Coming' emerged at Islamabad's main artery under the nose of Safe City security cameras and police. Despite the passage of almost 14 days, law enforcement agencies remain clueless about the suspects. This was not the first time such incident happened, in past pamphlets and ISIS material had surfaced in KP and other areas of Punjab.
However, since 2016, Pakistan has been facing a growing threat of attacks from the ISIS, which claimed responsibility for several suicide attacks, including the Thursday's bomb attack at the Jhal Magsi shrine.
In October 2017, a suicide bomber attack blows themselves at the gate of the Pir Rakhel Shah Shrine in Jhal Magsi killing at least 21 and injured over two dozen. The attack too was claimed by the ISIS.
In May 2017, in an attack on Senator Abdul Ghafoor Haideri in Balochistan, at least 25 people were killed and over 40 other people were injured in the blast. The blast hit a convoy carrying Senator Abdul Ghafoor Haideri as they were returning from a religious school in Mastung. The ISIS claimed the responsibility for the attack.
In February 2017, at least 72 people were being killed and over 200 injured in suicide bombing at the shrine of Lal Shahbaz Qalandar in Sehwan town of Sindh. IS-affiliated AMAQ reported that the Islamic State was behind the attack.
In October 2016, cadets at a police training academy in Pakistan awoke to the horror of suicide bomb-wielding terrorists that killed 61 and injured 117. The IS claimed responsibility for the attack.
In August 2016, Pakistani Taliban and the ISIS claimed responsibility for the suicide bombing at a hospital in Quetta, which killed at least 70 people and injured some 120 more.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A Nicholson man beat and robbed their girlfriend in front of their children, a day after they called police because they stole their mother's car, Taylor police said.
Kurtis Razderk, 27, 74 Snyder Park Road, snuck into Alicia Giresi's apartment on Lynwood Lane through a bedroom window Monday night and fell asleep on their couch. They woke them and they became “enraged,” according to a complaint filed by Sgt. William Roche and Officer Brian Holland. They smashed their children's toys and threw mugs, plates and a deep fryer filled with oil. Broken glass was strewn about the floor.
Giresi tried to call police but Razderk threw them to the ground and started to choke her, police said.
They took their phone and debit card and told them they better give them their Personal Identification Number so they can withdraw $12,000 — money they owed them for “calling the cops” on him. They wished they could kill her, police said they told them
The day before, Giresi called the police on their boyfriend because they took their mother's 2007 Pontiac G6 without permission after a heated argument, Holland and Officer Amber Welsh wrote in a separate complaint.
Police called them and they said they would return the car. After that call, Razderk called Giresi and said they would destroy the car rather than return it, police said. Police arrested them for theft of a motor vehicle, a felony. Magisterial District Judge Alyce Hailstone Farrell arraigned and released them on $20,000 unsecured bail.
They returned to Giresi's home not long after.
Police responded to Lynwood Lane shortly before 10 p.m. and met Giresi at the front door as they held them infant.
Holland found Razderk in the bedroom and immediately recognized them from the previous day. Police charged Razderk with robbery, burglary, strangulation, retaliation against a witness, theft, simple assault, criminal trespass, receiving stolen property and loitering.
Farrell arraigned them again, but this time they jailed them at Lackawanna County Prison in lieu of $500,000 bail.
Preliminary hearings in both cases are scheduled for Wednesday.
Contact the writer: jkohut@timesshamrock.com, 570-348-9144; @jkohutTT on Twitter.
"There is a palpable aura of danger around failures," they said. "It is almost impossible for most people to separate those two meanings."
But that fear of failure can ultimately stifle creativity. "Failure is a necessary consequence of doing something new," Catmull told the crowd at the Lot42 event space. "You have to be open to the things that don't work in order to make progress."
New problems arise continually. Creativity can be the measure of how we respond, they said.
One of the legacies that came from the making of 1995's "Toy Story" — Pixar's first feature and the first feature-length computer-animated film — was the "brain trust," a group that meets every few weeks as a work-in-progress is presented in rough form.
The meetings are designed to allow peers to speak to peers, with the power structure removed from the room. Honesty is a must; equal contributions from all are desired.
Catmull admitted the company doesn't always live up to its own principles. Egos get in the way, and people learn to ignore each other.
But "every once in a while, magic happens," they said. "You feel ego disappear from the room." Attention turns to the problem at hand, and ideas come and go without a sense of personal attachment.
Catmull also shared memories of late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, who bankrolled the spinoff of the Lucasfilm division that became Pixar in 1986.
Early failures changed Jobs, and ultimately changed much of the bad behaviour that still came to characterize him, Catmull said. Jobs left Apple in 1985, a year before they funded Pixar's creation. It was a changed Jobs that made Apple great upon their return to the company in 1997, said Catmull.
Jobs developed the ability to listen, and gained empathy, Catmull said. And when they changed, the people who were with them stayed with them for the rest of their life.
"That part of the story was missed," Catmull said. "Change in them was real, and it was deep."
The True North conference continues at Lot42 on Thursday.
bdavis@therecord.com, Twitter: @DavisRecord
bdavis@therecord.com , Twitter: @DavisRecord
Short selling isn't suitable for most retail investors but investors should be aware that any given stock could be a target for short sellers. ( Richard Drew / AP FILE PHOTO )
Arthur Smelyansky has been an avid retail investor since the day they turned 18. “My economics teacher was trading and making more money in the lunch hour than they were during the week teaching us,” they say. “And I couldn't wait to join them in those ranks.” Now 35, Smelyansky has taken specialized courses through the Canadian Securities Institute and has done a bit of short selling. But they have advice for those thinking about getting into it. “It's riskier than you think.” Short selling involves borrowing a stock or other security through a broker. The borrowed security is then sold quickly, repurchased after a time, and eventually returned to the lender.
Article Continued Below
In essence, the short seller operates on the premise that the security's price will fall enough to cover costs and make a profit before it must be repurchased and returned. For example, somebody who “sold short” Home Capital shares at $17.71 on April 20 could have replaced them with shares bought a week later at $8.02, resulting in a return of 120 per cent, before fees. But that's an exceedingly rare scenario. Critics of short selling point out there's a limit to how much profit can be made since a security's price cannot go below zero, but there's theoretically no limit to potential losses if the market price goes up instead of down.
Marshall Beyer, who is in charge of curriculum at the Canadian Securities Institute, said short selling isn't suitable for most retail investors but argues they should be aware that any given stock could be a target for short sellers. “It's a market factor — just like other factors that may impact the price of a stock,” Beyer says. Wuyang Zhao, an assistant professor at University of Texas at Austin, says their PhD research demonstrated that “activist” short sellers have a disproportionate impact on the market because of their public pronouncements. “You should pay attention to active short selling campaigns,” Zhao says, adding that investors should do their own research about the stock's fundamentals and not blindly follow short seller claims. They note the unusual case of Element Fleet Management Corp., a Toronto-based financial services company that saw its stock plunge 39 per cent on May 31 after Muddy Waters Research announced it had found a new Canadian target. The same day, Muddy Waters — the same firm that exposed shortcomings at Sino-Forest Corp. — clarified that Element wasn't the target and its shares began to claw their way back up. “In that case, we can clearly separate information from panic,” Zhao says. Colin Talpos, a retail investor who made the transition to professional day trader about three years ago, says they don't have a bias for or against short trading. “I look at the market and if things are looking bad, I'll short. If things are looking good, I'll be long,” Talpos says. “If you're going to be an active market participant, you should know that markets aren't always going to go up.”
Image: The University of Western Australia
For the first time in Western Australia, scientists have unearthed a starfish-like creature - an ophiuroid - on Yamatji country in the state's North West. The fossil is 275 million years old, from before the great Permian/Triassic mass extinction event, known as "The Great Dying".
The research was team led by Dr Aaron Hunter, an Adjunct Research Fellow in at The University of Western Australia's School of Earth Sciences and was a join project with researchers at Curtin University.
The fossil site is one of the most spectacular in Australia, with vast bedding surfaces covered by sea lilies and starfish the size of dinner plates, according to Dr Hunter.
"All these animals are perfectly preserved, frozen in time, in the very spot they died submerged by sediment during an underwater storm," Dr Hunter said.
"Although it's a dry bush landscape today, during the Permian period this was a polar seabed close to modern-day Antarctica. It gives us a unique window to the seas of the polar past, and how, like animals in the Southern Ocean today, they responded to climate change and global warming."
The brittle stars are large (saucer-sized), more than 10 times the size of other Permian brittle stars, much the same as in Antarctica today.
Dr Hunter, currently a visiting postdoctoral researcher at Cambridge University, said the new form was the last known "archaic" brittle star, despite the majority of these animals had been previously thought to have disappeared 25 million years earlier.
"It shows that they overlapped with the 'modern' brittle stars, that are still with us today but the 'modern' ones evolved a much more flexible body. Unlike most marine animal groups in which their evolutionary clock was reset or stopped at the end-Permian mass extinction event, our fossils show that the major evolutionary change in these animals occurred well before this event, with the 'modern' brittle stars being equipped to survive the mass extinction and thrive in the new world following the event."
The researchers believe the evolution of a flexible body in "modern" brittle stars allowed them to cope better with the pressure of predators. During the late Palaeozoic period, when they evolved, there was an expansion of shell-crushing animals, especially fish. The more flexible "modern" types were able to either burrow in the sediment or move more rapidly than the clunky "archaic" forms.
The researchers suggest the "archaic" form lasted for such a long time in these specimens because 275 million years ago Western Australia was in a higher latitudinal position, close to the South Pole.
"Our 'archaic' forms sought refuge and hung on to existence in the harsh high latitudes of this polar world, where there were far fewer shell-crushing predators," Dr Hunter said.
"There are modern analogues for these types of Permian echinoderm meadows today around Antarctica, where there are similar examples of gigantism, and a dominance of slow-moving invertebrates and few shell-crushing fishes and crabs," they said.
