* Apple seeks exemption from India tax on imported parts
* Indian govt unlikely to give special exemptions - sources
* Disagreement could delay Apple expansion in India
By Aditya Kalra and Sanjeev Miglani
NEW DELHI, Dec 11 (Reuters) - Apple Inc has asked India to defer a planned increase in import taxes on mobile phone parts so it can expand its iPhone manufacturing in the country, but the government is unlikely to accede, people familiar with the matter said.
The U.S. technology giant has been in talks with Indian officials for months, seeking "pre-requisites" - government tax breaks and incentives - for expanding its operations in one of the world's fastest-growing smartphone markets.
During those talks, Apple has conveyed it wants India to defer an existing policy that plans to levy taxes on more imported mobile components in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make in India" drive to boost domestic manufacturing.
While India's government has been keen to get Apple to manufacture in India as a showpiece investment, it has told the U.S. firm there would be no policy exemptions, so there will be no tax breaks on parts imports, the people said.
"Apple wants duty-free imports of components. India wants indigenization," said one person with direct knowledge of the talks.
Apple has expressed willingness to increase local value addition over time, but has stuck to its demand for immediate import tax relief to expand its iPhone manufacturing, the person added.
Apple declined to comment, and there was no response from either Modi's office or the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, which is trying to help build an electronics manufacturing base.
NO SPECIAL TREATMENT
The disagreement could be a stumbling block, and risks delaying Apple's plans to penetrate the Indian market, where it currently just assembles its iPhone SE model.
Despite a boom in smartphone sales in India, Apple's market share is only around 2 percent.
Apple has demanded the tax relief as India still lacks an ideal ecosystem for parts makers to thrive. Counterpoint Research data shows that while more than three-quarters of smartphones sold in India are made locally, about 90 percent of the $14 billion worth of mobile components are imported.
To change that scenario, India imposes a 10 percent tax on imported components such as batteries, chargers and headsets.
Under a "phased manufacturing programme" (PMP), the government plans to extend the taxes to more components as a way of nudging parts makers to switch to more local production.
"It's been a chicken-and-egg problem for component suppliers whether to set up manufacturing operations in India," said Neil Shah, a director at Counterpoint. "Apple and its partners will eventually have to comply, otherwise Apple will always price its products at a premium."
A previously unreported note prepared by India's IT ministry assessing Apple's demands showed the company sought an exemption from PMP, which the ministry said "may not be feasible".
Some of Apple's other demands - including capital equipment incentives as well as allowing importing and then exporting phones after repairs - would require policy changes, according to the note.
While the government has publicly said it is still considering Apple's demands, the people familiar with the talks said it has made clear it won't make any special concessions.
"We have told them, please come and invest but we cannot do things that go beyond our policies. We cannot do things only for you," said one senior government official with direct knowledge of the matter. "They are coming around (to our view)."
Apple has said it would be able to create 5,000-10,000 jobs in India as and when it expands there, the official said. (Reporting by Aditya Kalra and Sanjeev Miglani; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
CTV Atlantic
A woman has died and a man is in hospital with serious injuries after an antique car collided with a pickup truck in Upper Economy, N.S.
The RCMP and emergency crews responded to the collision on Highway 2 around 5:30 p.m. Monday.
Police say the eastbound antique car swerved and struck the westbound truck.
A 53-year-old woman from Londonderry, N.S., who was a passenger in the antique car, was ejected from the vehicle and died at the scene.
The driver of the car was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries.
The driver of the pickup truck was not injured.
A section of Highway 2 was closed for several hours Monday evening. It has since reopened.
The cause of the collision is under investigation.
(Repeats for additional clients with no changes to text)
By Chris Prentice and Jarrett Renshaw
April 12 Billionaire investor Carl Icahn's oil refining company, CVR Energy, made a massive bet in 2016 that prices for U.S. government biofuels credits would fall - just before Icahn started advising President Donald Trump on regulations driving that market.
The size and specifics of the gamble - involving $186 million worth of biofuels credits the company said it needed at the end of 2016 to satisfy regulatory requirements - have not been previously reported by the media.
The credit system is designed to encourage the mixing of renewable fuels, such as ethanol, into gasoline or diesel. The government awards the biofuels credits to firms that produce such blends - and requires firms that don't, such as CVR, to buy the credits from their competitors.
Icahn's firm positioned itself to slash those regulatory costs by tens of millions of dollars if biofuels credit prices declined, according to a Reuters review of CVR filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and interviews with two brokers involved in the firm's trading of biofuels credits.
Last year, in a counterintuitive trading strategy, Icahn's refining firm postponed buying biofuels credits and instead sold millions of them – a bet that it could buy the credits it would need later at lower prices, according to the two brokers and CVR's year-end SEC filing.
That strategy looked prescient, starting in December, as prices for biofuels credits fell in response to a series of political events tied to the election of Trump. These included their appointment of Icahn - a vocal critic of biofuels credits mandates - as an unpaid “special advisor to the President” on regulatory issues.
In February, biofuels credit prices fell again after the famed activist investor proposed policy changes to the White House that would free certain refiners - including CVR - from their obligation to buy the credits.
Icahn, who owns an 82-percent stake in CVR Energy, did not respond to repeated phone calls and emails seeking comment. They have said previously that their advocacy on biofuels regulation is not self-serving because it would benefit a broad swath of the U.S. refining industry, including some of CVR's competitors.
Spokespeople for CVR and the Trump administration declined to comment. White House spokesperson Kelly Love has said previously that Icahn was acting as a private individual in pushing biofuels policy changes and that their “special advisor” appointment was not a formal job in the administration.
CVR has not publicly disclosed the number of credits it sold to other firms or the prices paid, and Reuters was unable to determine the specific amounts.
At year end, after the credit sales, CVR estimated it needed credits worth $186 million to meet its regulatory obligations, according an SEC filing reviewed by Reuters.
The credits may end up costing CVR much less, however, because market prices for renewable fuel credits have since dived.
Last year, when CVR was unloading credits, they sold for an average of 77 cents - and peaked at more than $1, according to prices compiled by Oil Price Information Service.
But prices dropped to about 53 cents by March 31. Biofuel credits traded at 55 cents on Tuesday.
For a graphic detailing how CVR played the volatile biofuels credit market, see: tmsnrt.rs/2p5LNT9.
CVR isn't assured of big savings. The amount of money the firm is ultimately forced to spend on biofuels credits depends on their price when it decides to purchase them.
But CVR's credit sell-off last year gave the firm two potentially lucrative options: It could have purchased enough new credits - after prices plummeted early this year - to meet government mandates before March 31; or it could have delayed the required purchases for one more year, as allowed by law, in the hopes that credit prices would fall even further.
CVR declined to comment on which of those options the company chose.
CONFLICTING INTERESTS
Icahn's policy recommendations to Trump, if enacted, would likely further undermine the value of the credits by reducing demand from refiners such as CVR, which do not have the facilities needed to blend ethanol into gasoline, credit brokers and industry experts said.
Some Democratic lawmakers and biofuels advocates have argued that Icahn's policy recommendations to the Republican administration create a conflict of interest with their investments.
Icahn should not be advising Trump on policy changes that move markets in which Icahn is "speculating deeply," said Brooke Coleman, executive director of the Advanced Biofuels Business Council, a trade group that represents producers of renewable fuels and opposes Icahn's policy recommendations.
"What he's saying would allow them to make more money," Coleman said. "He's in a position to perpetually put uncertainty out in the marketplace."
Richard Painter - a law professor at the University of Minnesota and the chief White House ethics lawyer for former President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007 - believes that Icahn's unique access to the White House and influence on policy creates a conflict even though, as an informal advisor, they aren't getting a government paycheck.
“We don't give out knighthoods in the United States. If you have a title, that means you have a job,” Painter said.
Some experts, however, argue that Icahn avoided a conflict of interest by not taking a paid government position.
“He's free to give their advice. People do that all the time. The rulemaker is free to take their advice or not,” said Charles Elson, a finance professor at the University of Delaware. “That's as old as Washington.”
ICAHN TARGETS “ABSURD” MANDATE
The credits were created under the U.S. Renewable Fuel Standard, initially enacted in 2005 under the administration of George W. Bush.
The law aimed to cut greenhouse gas emissions and reduce dependence on foreign oil, while giving a boost to rural economies that grow corn for ethanol production.
The credits create a financial penalty for refiners – such as Icahn's CVR – that don't have the blending facilities needed to create an ethanol-gasoline mix.
Icahn has called the requirement "absurd" and “insane” because it punishes some refiners for failing to do something that they have no ability to do.
Icahn's proposal to the White House would shift the burden of blending ethanol and other biofuels - or buying credits - to a variety of firms with blending facilities, such as integrated oil firms, traders, fuel distributors and retailers.
The full details of Icahn's proposal have not been made public. White House sources have previously told Reuters that the administration is considering the policy change but is concerned about a potential backlash from the ethanol industry.
MARKET-MOVING POLITICS
Icahn's policy proposal is one of several political events that drove down prices in the biofuels credit markets.
Prices tanked on December 7 after Trump appointed Scott Pruitt - a critic of biofuels regulation - to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, which implements those rules.
Credit values declined even faster after December 22, with the naming of Icahn as an advisor on regulation.
On February 27, news broke that Trump – after being advised by Icahn – would be preparing an executive order on biofuels regulation.
The next trading day, biofuels credit prices dropped to an intraday low of 30 cents.
(Editing by Richard Valdmanis, Simon Webb and Brian Thevenot)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Malaysian ex-PM Najib charged with breach of trust, graft
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Vincent Thian, AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, center, arrives at a court house in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Najib has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house to face charges stemming from a corruption probe, two months after their shock election defeat. less Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, center, arrives at a court house in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Najib has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house to face charges stemming from a ... more Photo: Vincent Thian, AP Image 2 of 5 Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, center, arrives at a court house in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house to face charges stemming from a corruption probe, two months after their shock election defeat. less Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, center, arrives at a court house in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house ... more Photo: Vincent Thian, AP Image 3 of 5 Supporters of former Prime Minister Najib Razak light candles outside the headquarters of the Anti-Corruption Agency in Putrajaya, Malaysia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Razak was arrested Tuesday by anti-graft investigators and will be charged over their alleged role in the multibillion-dollar looting of a state investment fund, officials said. fewer Supporters of former Prime Minister Najib Razak light candles outside the headquarters of the Anti-Corruption Agency in Putrajaya, Malaysia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Razak was arrested Tuesday by anti-graft ... more Photo: Vincent Thian, AP Image 4 of 5 Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, arrives at a court house in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house to face charges stemming from a corruption probe, two months after their shock election defeat. less Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, arrives at a court house in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house to face ... more Photo: Vincent Thian, AP Image 5 of 5 Malaysian ex-PM Najib charged with breach of trust, graft 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak was charged Wednesday with criminal breach of trust and corruption, two months after a multibillion-dollar graft scandal at a state investment fund led to their shock election defeat.
They pleaded not guilty to all charges. "I claim trial," they said in a barely audible voice as they stood in the dock at the High Court in Kuala Lumpur. A judge set bail at 1 million ringgits in cash ($250,000) and ordered Najib to surrender their two diplomatic passports.
The patrician and luxury-loving Najib, wearing a suit and a red tie, appeared calm and smiled as they were escorted into the court complex. They were arrested Tuesday by anti-graft officials over a suspicious transfer of 42 million ringgits ($10.4 million) into their bank accounts from SRC International, a former unit of the 1MDB state investment fund that U.S. investigators say was looted of billions by associates of Najib.
Najib was charged with abuse of power leading to gratification under Malaysia's anti-corruption law and three counts of criminal breach of trust. Each charge has a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison. Whipping is also a penalty but Najib would be exempt because of their age.
Malaysia's new attorney general, Tommy Thomas, who is heading the prosecution, said the 1MBD case has attracted global attention and "brought shame to the country." Najib's laywer Muhammad Shafee Abdullah protested the comment calling it "nonsense" and "coffeeshop talk."
Najib, 64, has accused Malaysia's new government of seeking "political vengeance."
At a news conference after the hearing, Najib said a trial was "the best chance for me to clear my name after all the slander and accusations." It is set to start Feb. 8, subject to confirmation at a preliminary hearing next month.
New Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad reopened investigations into 1MDB that were stifled under Najib's rule.
Najib set up 1MDB when they took power in 2009 but the fund amassed billions in debts and is being investigated in the U.S. and several other countries.
They and their wife were questioned last month over the SRC case by the anti-graft agency and were barred from leaving the country.
The attorney-general's case says the $10 million that Najib allegedly received via SRC was a bribe for approving government guarantees of loans totaling 4 billion ringgits (nearly $1 billion) in 2011 and 2012 that were apparently become part of the ransacking underway at 1MDB.
Police have also seized jewelry and valuables valued at more than 1.1 billion ringgit ($272 million) from properties linked to Najib.
U.S. investigators say $4.5 billion was stolen and laundered from 1MDB by Najib's associates, including some $700 million that landed in Najib's bank account. While in power, Najib said the $700 million was a donation from the Saudi royal family.
Najib's laywer Muhammad asked for the case to be expedited.
Najib "is anxious to clear their name," they told the High Court. "We are pretty confident about this case."
Bridget Welsh, a Southeast Asia expert at John Cabot University in Rome, said Najib's arrest was the "inevitable outcome" after they lost power.
"It shows the resolve of the new government to address previous abuses of power. It has been done judiciously so far and speaks to a needed reckoning for Malaysia and a key step toward a cleaner governance," they said in an email.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
ROME (Reuters) - Lazio won the Italian Supercup for the fourth time after a stoppage-time goal by substitute Alessandro Murgia gave them a 3-2 victory over last season's domestic double winners Juventus at the Stadio Olimpico on Sunday.
Juve, who beat Lazio 2-0 in the Italian Cup final at the same venue in May after they had also won the league title, came back from a two-goal deficit in a frantic five-minute spell before Murgia netted the winner.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Lazio dominated the opening hour as striker Ciro Immobile fired them ahead with a 32nd-minute penalty after they were brought down by Juventus keeper Gianluigi Buffon and then headed a delightful Marco Parolo cross into the far corner in the 54th.
Looking out for the count, Juventus staged a late comeback as Argentina forward Paulo Dybala put them on level terms with goals in the 85th and 90th minutes.
Dybala curled in a superb free kick from 25 metres and then converted a penalty, throwing vociferous Juventus fans into raptures as both lots of supporters created a cracking atmosphere on the terraces.
But the bianconeri's celebrations were short-lived as Murgia swept in a low cross from the left at the death, delighting the Lazio contingent as they settled a rip-roaring curtain raiser to the Italian season.
[India], July 4 (ANI): A man from Uttar Pradesh's Hamirpur town has alleged that their wife was gang-raped by four men.
The man further alleged that after raping their wife on June 29 the accused paraded them naked through the village and also thrashed them
The victim is currently being treated at a local hospital in the area.
"The incident took place when my wife was alone at home. They forcibly entered the house and took them to their residence and raped them They have been brutally attacked and is being treated now," victim's husband told ANI.
Meanwhile, Superintendents of Police (SP) Ajay Kumar Singh, said, "We have registered a case under sections 323, 504 of Indian Penal Code. Further investigation is underway." (ANI)
FILE PHOTO -- Bombardier's C Series aircraft are assembled in their plant in Mirabel, Quebec, Canada April 29, 2016. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi/File Photo
MONTREAL/NEW YORK Canada's Bombardier Inc (BBDb.TO) hit back on Friday at rival U.S. planemaker Boeing Co's (BA.N) claim that it sold jets well below cost to win market share in the United States, the latest sign of increasing trade tensions between the two countries.
The risk of the United States imposing a tariff, which would likely depress sales of Bombardier's newest jet, and concern over how big that tariff might be, unsettled investors, sending the Canadian company's shares down just over 4 percent.
Boeing wants the U.S. government to investigate what it describes as rock-bottom prices for Bombardier's new CSeries aircraft, including an "absurdly low" sum of $19.6 million it says Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N) paid for a jet costing $33 million to build.
"The allegation is absurd," Bombardier spokesperson Bryan Tucker said, in response to numbers contained in a petition sent to the U.S. Commerce Department by Boeing on Thursday.
The spat comes days after Washington imposed duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, prompting claims in Canada that Boeing was taking advantage of the Trump administration's tougher stance on trade.
Boeing spokesperson Dan Curran said the filing against Bombardier was "an initiative we chose to take ourselves".
They declined to say whether Boeing also planned to ask the United States to pursue Canada through the World Trade Organization, as it has against European rival Airbus. (AIR.PA)
Domestic cases, where companies can petition for duties on specific products, typically take around a year. That is much quicker than a 13-year-old transatlantic battle on jetliner subsidies at the WTO, an international forum open only to nations.
Planemakers "often sell below costs to break into a new market or with a new product, particularly if it involves a significant launch customer," said U.S.-based trade policy expert Joel Johnson.
Such tactics cause long-term harm by creating momentum that rivals find hard to reverse, Boeing's petition said, although industry analysts say Boeing and Airbus both regularly offer discounts of 50 percent or more.
Boeing has said it competed for last year's Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Brazil's Embraer (EMBR3.SA), since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737.
But it said Bombardier's actions could upset the wider market and erode future sales of its best-selling 737.
Still, its complaint puzzled some analysts and trade lawyers, since Canada is in talks to sign a deal later this year or in early 2018 to acquire 18 Boeing fighter jets. "It's certainly the right political climate for a trade complaint. But I'm not sure this is the best idea," said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia.
Canada has rejected Boeing's accusations and says the CSeries uses many U.S. parts and generates thousands of U.S. jobs. Around half of the 110 to 130 seat CSeries is made in the United States, including the engine, cockpit control panels and avionics. Trade experts say an investigation could result in Delta and other buyers having to pay extra duties on future deliveries, effectively raising the price but not benefiting Bombardier.
Canadian trade lawyer Mark Warner said Canada could challenge final decisions at the WTO or through NAFTA.
Delta did not respond to requests for comment.
(Additional reporting by Fergal Smith in Toronto, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Brad Haynes in São Paulo and Tim Hepher in Paris.; Editing by Bernadette Baum, Tom Brown and Bill Rigby)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Sen. John McCain is one "tough old bastard," according to their son, Jack, who said the Arizona Republican is doing well despite battling an aggressive form of brain cancer.
Scroll for more content...
"He is a tough old person. I usually use the term 'bastard,' so he's a tough old bastard," Jack McCain said in an interview with The Arizona Republic on Tuesday. "He has an indomitable spirit. It is impossible to keep the man down."
The 81-year-old senator was diagnosed with a primary glioblastoma, a particularly aggressive tumor that forms in the tissue of the brain and spinal cord, according to the American Brain Tumor Association.
Jack McCain, who is a Navy lieutenant and helicopter pilot, said that while John McCain's diagnosis is "not a good one," it is far from the first challenge that their father has faced. McCain was shot down over Vietnam in 1967. They were tortured and held as a prisoner of war at the infamous "Hanoi Hilton" for more than five years.
"Of all of the things that have happened in this man's life, of all of the times that their life could have ended in the ways it could have ended, this is by far one of the least threats to them - and that's kind of how they view it," Jack McCain noted. "He's very sober about it. They understand the implication and the weight of it. But for not one minute has they let that take over their feelings towards how hard they have to fight."
Despite the typically poor prognosis that comes with malignant glioblastoma, Jack McCain expressed confidence in their father's long-term recovery. They said they speak with John McCain every day, and each day they sound "better than the day before."
"He is a very strong human being with the type of will that I have not seen paralleled anywhere else, and I have no doubts that he's going to be fine," they said.
PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
× Freezing temperatures could lead to icy roads all week
SEATTLE — A blast of freezing air from Canada will cool the Pacific Northwest all week making morning commutes very dangerous. Q13 News meteorologist Walter Kelley says, “icy roads will be the big story as our lows drop into the 20s for all.”
Kelley says the Puget Sound area will see highs this week about 34 degrees with lows in the lower 20s with some teens.
Cities north of Seattle will feel even colder as wind chills will play a role for areas around Bellingham.
“There will be some spotty snow showers from time to time but generally dry and very cold all week,” they explain.
Kelley says roads will still freeze at night with or without precipitation. So please drive slowly.
Next Saturday or Sunday will be the transition from cold to mild. Kelley says on that transition day we will get another chance for snow.
The Justice Department has asked a judge to dismiss former Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort's lawsuit challenging the authority of special counsel Robert Mueller and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and alleging Mueller's appointment violated the law.
Scroll for more content...
Manafort was indicted on money laundering and other charges, to which they have pleaded not guilty. The lawsuit argues Rosenstein and Mueller overreached their authority in bringing the charges.
"This lawsuit plainly seeks to interfere with Manafort's ongoing criminal prosecution," Justice Department attorneys wrote to Judge Amy Berman Jackson of the US District Court for the District of Columbia on Friday.
Mueller is leading the special counsel's investigation into any potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia -- one of several investigations into the matter. Rosenstein took on oversight of the special counsel's probe after Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused themselves from the investigation.
President Donald Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion between their campaign and Russia in Moscow's efforts to influence the 2016 election.
Manafort's lawsuit, filed last month, marked a new tack in a broader effort by supporters of the President to push back on the special counsel. Some Republicans have publicly called for Mueller's probe to be shut down, and Manafort's attorneys have echoed the President's criticism that Mueller's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election is pursuing crimes that never happened.
On Friday, Trump refused to say whether they were considering firing Rosenstein after the release of a declassified memo alleged the FBI had abused its FISA authority in applying for a FISA warrant to conduct surveillance on former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page. Rosenstein signed off on at least one of the applications to monitor Page, according to the GOP memo.
Later Friday, White House spokesperson Raj Shah said on CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront" that "no changes" would be made at the Justice Department.
"I'm saying it on behalf of the White House, and that's that no changes are going to be made at the Department of Justice," Shah said.
Manafort and their business colleague Rick Gates, who served as deputy chairperson of Trump's campaign, face 12 criminal charges related to money laundering and failure to file federal disclosures. Gates has also pleaded not guilty to the charges.
[India], May 31 (ANI): Hit by water crisis locals in Jheeram village of Chhattisgarh are compelled to consume and use contaminated water in order to meet their daily needs.
A local told ANI that the village lacks all basic facilities like education, water and electricity.
"There are no facilities here. The toilets made by the government can't be used as there is no water," a local said.
The locals also said that they have to walk miles in the scorching heat, in search of drinking water.
Many incidents related to water scarcity are being reported from different parts of the state. (ANI)
× Zoo Atlanta names cockroach after Tom Brady
ATLANTA (CNN) — How do you honor a man who already has five Super Bowl rings, four MVP awards, and the privilege of calling Gisele Bündchen their wife? Easy — you name a cockroach after him.
Before Super Bowl LI, Zoo Atlanta and the Roger Williams Park Zoo in Providence, Rhode Island, made a bet that if their team lost they would name a baby animal after the winning team's quarterback.
Well the New England Patriots beat the Atlanta Falcons — so in honoring the bet Zoo Atlanta welcomed Tom Brady, a Madagascar hissing cockroach, to its family.
Now before any Patriots fans get offended and start a riot, Zoo Atlanta clarified in a comment on Instagram that both zoos agreed in advance that the losing side would name a cockroach after the winning quarterback.
This cockroach might not be able to replicate Brady's 25-point comeback, but it definitely will serve as a reminder of the Falcons' heartbreaking defeat.
April 5 Clere AG
* Clere acquires solar parks in Great Britain
* Says has acquired two solar parks in Great Britain with a total generating capacity of 10 Mwp
* Says expects that solar parks will generate a revenue contribution of approximately eur 1.2 million annually with a positive annual result
* Says it has been agreed to acquire three further solar parks with a total generating capacity of 15 Mwp in coming weeks Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Brian Ives
So, you're Mariah Carey, one of the world's biggest stars for a quarter of a century, and you fail on national TV, big time. How do you handle it?
As it turns out, you handle it with humor.
Related: Mariah Carey Shades Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato
For those just waking up now: in case you were totally absent from social media on New Year's Eve (and if so, good for you!), Mariah Carey had a disastrous performance—or perhaps, non-performance is a better way to describe it—on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve last night. As CBS News reported, Carey “paced the stage without singing. It's unclear what exactly were the technical difficulties, but the disaster was obvious as it unfolded live.”
Predictably, twitter erupted with mockery, including memes about 2016 claiming its final victim (Mariah Carey's career).
Carey's response was a single [NSFW] tweet, “S— happens. Have a happy and healthy new year everybody! Here's to making more headlines in 2017.”
(MENAFN - Muscat Daily) Muscat- Meethaq, the pioneer of Islamic banking in Oman from Bank Muscat, in line with its commitment to redefining exclusive and relationship based Islamic banking experience, has launched an exclusive Visa Signature credit card for Hafawa Priority Banking customers.
Offering a world of privileges and conveniences designed around the values and discerning needs of Hafawa customers, the Visa Signature card serves as the Priority identification card for Hafawa customers along with Signature debit cards.
The exclusive benefits of the free-for-life card include 24-hour global concierge service, unlimited access to premium airport lounges, travel insurance and purchase protection to name a few.
Sulaiman al Harthy, deputy chief executive officer – Islamic Banking, said, 'Meethaq is proud to offer the new Visa Signature credit card for Hafawa Priority Banking customers. The new facility reciprocates the trust and confidence reposed by Hafawa customers in the bank. Meethaq strives to fulfil the needs of customers with innovative Sharia'a based products and Hafawa Priority banking reflects the commitment and dedication to meet expectations for Islamic banking by high saving customers.
'Meethaq products and services are in step with smarter strategies aimed at providing a distinct banking experience. Meethaq is well positioned to provide Islamic financial expertise to diverse segments and thereby promote the good of society as a whole.'
ith worldwide acceptance, the Hafawa Visa Signature credit card facilitates exclusive access to over 500 airport lounges around the world through Lounge Key, which allows customers to just display their card and walk in. Pre-purchase of credit is not required for accompanying guests.
A charge of US27 per guest per visit is debited directly to credit card.
Hafawa Visa Signature credit cardholders enjoy value added benefits in over 900 luxury hotels worldwide as well as premium dining discount and rewards programme spanning across a network of 75 premium restaurants in the UAE.
Apart from air travel, hotel reservations, chauffeur-driven car service, car hire reservations, exclusive holiday packages and information services and more, a truly comprehensive referral service is offered to Visa Signature cardholders. In case of any natural or any other unforeseen emergencies during travel, complete evacuation and subsequent repatriation is provided.
Hafawa Visa Signature cardholders are provided coverage against accidental damage or loss of purchase, including internet purchases and items which have been ordered online to send as gifts.
Concierge service is offered to Hafawa Visa Signature cardholders for truly memorable experiences.
This complimentary service employs a network of world-class resources to meet the cardholder's needs 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
MENAFN1402201701410000ID1095248628
Getting a float ready for a parade is always a big job, but it's an even bigger challenge for 57-year-old Mark Reece from Ocean Springs.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Monday on Fox News Channel's “Special Report,” Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer dismissed the push for President Donald Trump to release their tax returns by their critics, which was also a focus of protests around the country over the weekend.
Krauthammer made the proclamation even though the co-panelists on the “All-Star Panel” segment, The Federalist's Mollie Hemingway and NPR's Mara Liasson, argued the issue was still important, and Trump should release their tax returns to reveal no potential conflicts of interests.
“Never,” Krauthammer replied when asked by show host Bret Baier if Trump would release their returns. “This issue is dead. It is a dead parrot.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
Christopher Moore was sent to Keesler Air Force Base in 1955. They went on to serve 30 years in the Air Force. Verba Moore followed in their father's military footsteps and they were honored as a "Biloxian Made Good". They credit their dad for making their accomplishments possible.
For most teams, the numbers would warrant erecting a statue outside the stadium they helped fund and that will happen Saturday. Of course, Manning did more than win on the field: They helped this basketball-crazed state and a city known far and wide for the Indianapolis 500 embrace football.
"Inside the stadium in those early days, it was hit or miss whether or not the other team was going to have as many fans as you did," said former deputy mayor Steve Campbell, a longtime season-ticket holder who starts a new job with the Colts on Monday. "Two, maybe three years in, inside the stadium, outside the stadium at tailgate areas, that was the moment I think the Colts truly became solidified as Indianapolis' team and not just the team that came from Baltimore. They were not only an ambassador for the team and the NFL, they were an ambassador for the city."
It wasn't a coincidence.
The Louisiana-born kid who grew up a fan of their dad's team, the New Orleans Saints, and played four seasons of college football at Tennessee felt so at home in the small market of Indianapolis that they warned Polian if they didn't draft them No. 1 overall in 1998, he'd kick the Colts' butts for 15 years.
Manning's football talent was obvious. Polian's research also indicated they would be an even bigger hit in the community.
Winning and winning big came in time. Manning made an even bigger impact with casual or non-football fans with what they did outside the team complex.
They started the Peyback Foundation to help underprivileged children and left town with their name on a children's hospital. They made Indianapolis a chic destination for celebrities and their memorabilia. They hosted high school football games at Lucas Oil Stadium and left handwritten notes for people they wanted to thank or who simply needed a pickup.
It wasn't an act, and it paid dividends in ways Manning may still not completely understand..
"When Peyton was drafted, they wouldn't accept losing," Greenwood High School assistant coach Dom Battinau said. "You see these kids now who are winning because of Peyton. You see the metropolitan Indianapolis area was ranked third in high school football talent last year and I think the interest was created from him, from their excitement on the field, their leadership, the way they carried themselves and the fact they did it the right way. I think kids kind of take a look at what's cool and what's in, and to see this guy winning at a high level and doing it the right way, it was a draw."
And something everyone turned into some semblance of currency.
When team owner Jim Irsay asked city and state leaders to help build a new stadium to keep the Colts competitive, Irsay and Polian did the heavy politicking. Their trump card, though, always was Manning.
"I still think we would have pursued it because it was the right thing to do for the city," Campbell said before contemplating what would have happened without Manning. "Our strategy probably would have been a lot different. But I think having an ambassador like Peyton was just what we needed, and I have no idea how it would have turned out without him."
Manning was released by the Colts in March 2012 and signed with Denver where they continued breaking records for four more years.
But they were never far from the hearts of Indy fans. When they returned to Lucas Oil Stadium for the first time in October 2013, the Marino jerseys had been replaced by a sea of No. 18s — some in blue, some in orange, some in both and Manning received a standing ovation before the game started.
Almost 20 years after first joining the Colts, Manning remains one of the rarest athletes of their generation — a transformational figure Polian compared to the likes of Mickey Mantle, Willie Mays, Duke Snider and Frank Gifford.
"They became transcendent athletes, they become identified far more with the community than the team. I'm not sure we've had anyone in Indianapolis who was that way before," Polian said. "He (Manning) wanted to be not only Indy's quarterback but one of its most productive and giving citizens. It's ironic with all the records they set, first ballot Hall of Famer and two Super Bowl championships, the Peyback Foundation, the children's hospital and the revitalization of high school football in Indianapolis are far more important."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Michael Marot, The Associated Press
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has pleaded guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer changed their plea Wednesday in Victoria provincial court on a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian was previously facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3, 2015, when they failed to return home after telling their family they were going out for a bike ride.
The investment dealer surrendered to police in April 2017 and their whereabouts during that period of time hasn't been explained.
Soon after they disappeared, financial crime investigators began looking into Backer and the company My Financial Backer Corp. after their investors received letters that concerned them.
The 55-year-old was on the Canadian rowing team in the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympic Games.
After their disappearance, police in Port Angeles, Wash., said an officer who viewed video from a street security camera noted a man fitting Backer's description was aboard a ferry from Victoria, a 90-minute trip away.
The guilty plea was entered by defence lawyer Joven Narwal on behalf of Backer, a thin, bearded man who was dressed in a grey pinstripe suit.
Crown attorney John Neal told Judge Carmen Rogers they are seeking a 13-month jail sentence and three years of probation for Backer. They also want a no-contact order for five people who lost money as a result of Backer's fraud.
Apr 22, 2017; San Antonio, TX, USA; Kevin Chappell walks to the 18th green during the third round of the Valero Texas Open golf tournament at TPC San Antonio - AT&T Oaks Course. Mandatory Credit: Soobum Im-USA TODAY Sports
Apr 22, 2017; San Antonio, TX, USA; Kevin Chappell reacts after their par putt on the 18th green during the third round of the Valero Texas Open golf tournament at TPC San Antonio - AT&T Oaks Course. Mandatory Credit: Soobum Im-USA TODAY Sports
American Kevin Chappell moved closer to an elusive breakthrough victory when they survived windswept conditions and an error-strewn front nine to earn a one-stroke lead after the third round at the Texas Open on Saturday.
Chappell, who quietly finished seventh at the Masters two weeks ago, struggled most of the day before picking up three birdies in the final five holes for a one-under-par 71 at TPC San Antonio.
They posted an eight-under 208 total, with South African Branden Grace (70) and American John Huh (71) the closest challengers at seven-under heading into the final round.
Seven others are two shots back, including halfway pacesetters Tony Finau and Bud Cauley, who both shot 74.
Nobody carded better than 68 after a cold front blew through and brought with it winds gusting to 30 miles per hour (48 kph), sending the average score soaring to 74.3 strokes.
Chappell finished runner-up four times on the PGA Tour last year, and is still seeking their maiden victory in their 180th start.
They were in full survival mode early and was delighted with the way they hung tough.
“The golf course hit me in the chin real hard early,” they told PGATour.com. “I just couldn't find a rhythm. To make the turn only two over after some of the places I hit it, I was confident if I could get to the 14 tee at two over par or better, that I could post a score.
“To birdie 14, 16 and 17 obviously felt sweet and a couple of good par saves on 15 and 18 I showed a little emotion and showed that it meant something to me.”
World number 21 Grace, a low-ball hitter, described the conditions as similar to the first two rounds at the Masters, where cold temperatures and strong winds also wreaked havoc.
“That was brutal,” they said. “It was really tough, just trying to stay alive, trying to make birdies, even the pars were tough.”
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry)
How the banking sector is keeping up with data
Big data and advanced analytics are at the center of how financial services institutions are equipping themselves to deliver better value to their customers, while decreasing operating costs and mitigating credit, market, and operational risks.
By Dr Mark Nasila, head of advanced analytics: consumer and retail at FNB.
Big data is a term used to describe the exponential growth and availability of data, which may be structured, semi-structured or unstructured. These extremely large data sets may be analysed computationally to reveal patterns, trends, and any possible associations. Data science is an interdisciplinary field looking at processes and systems to extract knowledge or insights from data in various forms while advanced analytics is a set of analytical techniques used to predict future outcomes of several events.
Making use of data and analytical techniques has proven to help organisations meet regulatory and reporting requirements, compete with technology disruptors, and reduce operating costs. A large number of financial institutions have embarked on a journey of combining and making use of the available internal datasets, such as debit and credit transactions, transfers, channel and communication preferences, rewards utilization and loyalty behavior, etc. These institutions including banks have traditionally collected vast amounts of data from traditional sources such as transaction details and spending behaviors.
There has also been emergence of non-traditional datasets that can also be mined to extract meaningful insights. These include datasets from newer or external sources; website logs, Internet clickstreams, social media activity and mobile-phone call details. They feed into various internal or external systems at a growing rate.
The growth is attributed to advances in social media, which has also led to the generation of perception data. These types of datasets can equip banks with insights to effectively understand customer needs in several ways. These include developing algorithms around product or service sentiment data (e.g. Facebook, Twitter feeds) that can enable banks understand how customers perceive their products or services, analyzing response trends on the launch of new products as well as analyzing unstructured voice recordings from call centers to be able to recommend solutions to reduce customer churn, up-sell and cross-sell products and proactively detect fraud.
For FNB, the mining of big data provides a golden opportunity to continue being much better in several banking aspects. By using data science and advanced analytics techniques to collect and analyze big data, we can reinvent nearly every aspect of banking. These techniques enable targeted marketing, optimised transaction processing, personalized wealth management advice, prevention of internal and external fraud, assessing regulatory risks and much more – the opportunities are endless. A large proportion of the current big data projects in banking revolve around customers – driving sales, strategising retention, improving service and identifying needs: so the right offers can be served up at the right time to the right customer.
Some of our sales are already taking place based on automated, pre-approved offers on digital platforms based on the predicted propensity of the customer to take the products up. We are now able to model our customer's financial performance on multiple data sources and scenarios. Big data and analytical techniques play a salient role in strengthening risk management in areas such as card fraud detection, financial crime compliance, credit scoring, stress-testing and cyber analytics.
The main objective of data science and advanced analytics is to obtain insights and knowledge from data to drive strategic decision making. These techniques require a methodical exploration of data using data mining techniques, enhanced by proven scientific techniques. Data science and advanced analytics combine elements, techniques and theories from many fields, including mathematics, machine learning, computer programming, statistics, data engineering, pattern recognition and learning, visualization, actuarial science, uncertainty modeling, data warehousing and high-performance computing.
Experts in these fields are responsible for examining the data, identifying key trends, and writing the complex algorithms that will see the raw data transformed into a piece of analysis or insight that the Bank can use to gain a competitive advantage. The advanced data science techniques are selectively and smartly applied to enable the bank to understand the correlation between the events being predicted and the data dependent factors driving the outcome of these events.
Historically, banks have been efficient at running analytics at a product level, such as on Cheque accounts, Overdrafts or Credit cards. With big data and analytical techniques, we are now able to get a holistic view of a customer across their portfolio. This is by consolidating different sources of data to obtain a single view of the customer, hence we can explore across all inter-connected customer relationships the customer has with the bank.
We can also understand customer relationships by exploring their ever-changing transactional and interactional behaviors. This will also enable us to effectively target customers and improve engagement as we interact and communicate effectively across new digital marketing platforms such as Web sites, e-mail, mobile apps and social networks. This is because advanced segmentation strategies on big data are enabling the bank to enhance its marketing strategies by identifying customer needs based on their transactional behaviors. For example, when a customer begins a relationship with us, we are well equipped to offer the right products at the right time, and even quickly resolve their complaints or queries by analyzing how they interact with various platforms.
Moreover, we are now in a position to determine an estimated cost for how each customer interacts with each channel (e.g., call center, branch banking, etc.) and come up with a recommendation of how we can move customers to low-cost channels. In the debt collections and recoveries space, analytics plays a salient role in enabling us create an accurate picture of a customer's willingness and ability to pay and, hence estimate the amount likely to be recovered. This provides a criterion for prioritizing collections activities to maximize recoveries and reduce collections costs.
In the olden days, financial institutions were impeded by the difference in the time data is collected, the time data is analysed and the time decisions are made based on the analytics insights. This challenge is mainly attributed to legacy platforms and databases sitting in silos that were not specifically designed for the present data science needs. FNB has made a monumental stride in acquiring systems such as Netezza to provide capability for real-time or almost real-time analytics.
These capabilities provide us with new ways to innovatively solve business problems such as; proactively fight Financial Fraud: we can now timely analyze transactions, account balances, spending patterns, credit history, employment details, location etc. to determine whether transactions are legitimate. If unusual activity is detected, we can immediately action preventative measures, as well as alert the owner. We are now able to improve on our risk rating models i.e. a continuous feed of internal and external data implies credit, regulatory and market risk ratings can be updated in real time. This enables us to quantify these risks more accurately.
Moreover, we as a bank are now able to have a more accurate picture of a customer's assets, business operations and transaction history at a specific time of their lifecycle. Furthermore, we can now determine the value of our customers more accurately: This entails using this continuous feeds of data to determine the future behavior of customers, and tailor policies to account for a customer's changing financial situation at a particular time of their lifecycle.
For us to gain and sustain a competitive edge in the big data and advanced data science space, we need to continue to actively identify components of the big data trends that are a right fit for advancing our businesses strategy. Not all data, but relevant data coupled with innovative advanced data science techniques will prove transformational in maintaining us as a powerhouse in the financial industry.
The Federal Reserve Friday ordered Wells Fargo not to grow until it improves its governance and to replace four board members, citing “widespread consumer abuses.”
In an order announced late Friday, the Fed said that the bank could not grow its assets beyond levels reported at the end of 2017 until it gets prior regulatory approval. The bank, America's second largest by asset size, was also told to replace three members of its board of directors by April and to replace one more by the end of the year.
“We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again,” Fed chair Janet Yellen said in a statement.
The penalties imposed on Wells Fargo are unusually harsh, perhaps unprecedented. They would appear to reflect the frustration of regulators with the bank's reluctance to take more serious measures to address years of misconduct.
Wells Fargo was once the golden child of America's big banks, considered free from the scandals that tainted many big banks following the financial crisis. Initially, the bank downplayed the seriousness of the revelations that it had manipulated its customers and opened unwanted accounts in their names.
President Donald Trump has been harshly critical of Wells Fargo.
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 8, 2017
Wells Fargo has been expanding their “cheaper, foreign labor workforce in the Philippines, taking it initially from 100 workers to 4,000 workers and now announcing that the bank will build another facility in the foreign country to add potentially an additional 7,000 workers,” according to a 2017 report in the Charlotte Observer.
It is not clear which Wells directors will be forced out. The board's current chair, Elizabeth Duke, too the position last month. The board's former chairperson, Stephen Sanger, retired last year, as did two other longtime directors. Current board members include Celeste Clark, formerly a top executive at Kellogg Company, former Transportation Secretary Federico Pena, and former Staples chief executive Ronald Sargent.
Vanderpump Rules stars Katie Maloney-Schwartz and Tom Schwartz have already been married for over a year now. And while they know almost everything about each other (as fans of the Bravo show have seen), there's one area where Tom falls short: Katie's makeup routine.
In a new Bravo clip, Tom reveals their lack of knowledge when it comes to the contents of Katie's makeup bag. With Katie by their side, the reality star goes through their products one by one, trying to identify the purpose of each. And as it turns out, he's not very well-versed in any of them.
Below, a few of Katie's faves — and Tom's hilarious reactions.
Too Faced Blush
“I imagine this is something you use to accentuate your cheekbones,” Tom says, before discovering that it smells like Bubbilicious gum.
Buy It! Too Faced Sweet Peach Papa Don't Peach Blush, $30; sephora.com
Tarte Foundation
“This is foundation, I know what this is. [Tom] Sandoval taught me how to use this actually.”
Buy It! Tarte Amazonian Clay 12-Hour Full Coverage Foundation SPF 15, $39; sephora.com
RELATED: The Best Beauty Product Launches of 2018
“This is the Kevyn Aucoin sensual skin enhancement and it is the best — the best — for concealing and it has so much pigment in it, you can cover up a tattoo with this,” Katie says.
Buy It! Kevyn Aucoin The Sensual Skin Enhancer Concealer and Foundation, $48; sephora.com
Urban Decay Brow Gel
“I like when mine kind of go up a little bit. That's kind of en vogue right now,” Tom says about their eyebrows before admitting that they actually have experience in the brow gel department. “I've never told you this but I actually bought brow gel on amazon. I did it for like when i used to go on more auditions.”
Buy It! Urban Decay Brow Tamer, $20; nordstrom.com
And according to Katie, that's not the only product he's dabbled in. The star also reveals that their husband keeps eye liner and mascara in their bag because they “liked the way it accentuated” their eyes. They denied it.
So whoever's wearing the set in the meeting room — in this case Masoli — can go over, from a truly first-person vantage point, not only every play they conducted, but also the ones run by the other quarterbacks. For those few moments, they are them.
One hour of VAR time equates to between 90 and 100 reps: triple that when the other two VAR sets arrive. And it's highly portable, so it can be used during practice breaks.
"For the quarterback, it's like he's back in their helmet," Smith says. "We get the film and you use it for traditional teaching. We get the virtual reality film and you're training. The reps that the guys standing there aren't getting, they can get them with it. And the quarterback can hear everything, too; that's been a little underrated.
"Wearing the headset, the quarterback can match their feet to move with the play. If they look left and doesn't like what they see, they have to look right and see what's there … and it's exactly the same timing as in the real helmet. You're training your neck muscles, you're training your feet, you're training how it should feel, and you're opening neural paths.
"The other film teaches you, and this one trains you."
The light headwear provides an amazingly clear, and sensory-engulfing, 3D point of view, and Masoli says the quarterbacks have already "brainstormed ideas" of where they can take it next if there's enough time during the season.
One next step is already in place and will come via video game technology: the tendencies and key players of the Ticats' upcoming opponent will be written into a video simulation to mentally practise against. Coaches already do that with chalkboard play diagrams and opposition 'scout' drills on the field, and now the quarterbacks will be able to get even more familiar with pattern and tendency recognition through their virtual head sets.
Case Keenum credited a virtual reality program called STRIVR with their shocking success after unexpectedly assuming the starting role for the NFL's Minnesota Vikings early last year. Over the course of the season, they felt they got more than 2,600 extra reps through the device. Smith argues that their system is more affordable and has better video quality.
"It's been great," says Manziel, who needs extra work to get up to CFL speed. "It's not exactly a live rep but at the same time, to see what the quarterback saw during those live reps, and taking those reps from a mental standpoint is extremely beneficial."
And, concludes Masoli, "It's another reinforcement of what we should be doing in making decisions."
smilton@thespec.com
905-526-3268 | @miltonatthespec
smilton@thespec.com
905-526-3268 | @miltonatthespec
Michael and Linda Horton invented an amazing product, the Shade Sail Wizard while having a cheeky scotch in the pool.
Michael and Linda Horton invented an amazing product, the Shade Sail Wizard while having a cheeky scotch in the pool. Navarone Farrell
LIKE all great ideas, this one came about with a drink in hand.
A couple of local, self-professed "baby boomers giving it a go", Michael and Linda Horton have cooked up a device has applications across all walks of life.
Mr Horton's device is a simple clamp and chain system that allows the clamping of basically any object to anything else.
The clamp will secure any kind of timber or pipe, can hook straight onto trees, slip down poles for pool cover or flooring, side walls, and has potential use in the marine industry as well.
"It's called Shade Sail Wizard but I'm going to do another trademark and put the word 'clamp' in it simply to give it that versatility," they said.
"At this stage I'm just an inventor, one third entrepreneur. We're learning as we go, a couple of baby boomers having a go."
The clamp involves an L-shaped bracket, a clamp with a one-tonne nylon stopper, sourced from WA and a galvanised screw and eye with a chain that loops through.
It can be used to clamp and hook around anything, but the initial concept came from sun in the eyes while having a dip.
"I was in the pool and Michael always gets out to get the drinks, and I said to them can you just drop the shade sail down to get the sun out of my eyes," Ms Horton said.
"That's when they came up with the idea, they started thinking about it and when you're in the pool with a drink in your hand, that's when you come up with all your great ideas," they laughed.
The product is still in its early stages, but a successful display at Caneland Central and good feedback from customers.
"We made them all ourselves, we had the plates bent up, virtually that's the invention," Mr Horton said.
"I've patents pending in Australia and America, trademarks have been approved.
"It has a working load limit of 100kg which is more than sufficient for a shade sail,"
Mr Horton has a background in the mining industry and is looking towards full industrial use for the product.
"I'd like to get it to a stage moving forward, in the mining industry. There's a lot of working at height and say if you're on a drag line or a wash plant, you would normally have to find a crossmember to hook your harness on," they sad.
"With this you could find any vertical post, which there are heaps of, and hook a harness on it."
However this is still some way off, with rigorous testing needed before it has personal applications.
"It's only limited by the imagination," Mr Horton said.
"I do everything myself except I get the plates made and cut, the rest I put together myself."
However it wasn't all smooth sailing, with Mr Horton originally attempting to engage consultants to have the product manufactured, and the high cost of local materials.
Linda: "The rest is purchased here in Australia except the plates are getting made overseas, they were way too expensive to get them made local," Ms Horton said.
"I initially went with consultants, it was probably the worst thing I could have done because they didn't really understand the concept and they just burned up money and time," Mr Horton said.
"The option I was looking at to go wholly and solely manufactured in China and brought in as a manufactured project."
Chinese manufacturers offered to bend and cut the plate for $2.50, while in Mackay the highest price was $26 as Australian manufacturers thought they couldn't cut and bend without affecting the integrity of the product.
"The cost of a sheet of stainless steel was quite expensive and that's why we thought Mackay might have had a bit of trouble, we wanted to stay with people in town," Ms Horton said.
"I wanted to make it 100 per cent Australian, but (most of the components) are from China," Mr Horton said.
[India], July 4 (ANI): With an eye at the upcoming 2019 general elections, the Union Cabinet on Wednesday approved the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for Kharif crops for 2018-19.
This move comes after the Government in its budget promised to hike the minimum support price by one-and-a-half times of the production cost for Kharif crops.
Bharatiya Janata Party President Amit Shah termed the decision as historic. They said, "This is a historic decision. Modi government has always taken decisions in favour of farmers."
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said that this decision by Prime Minister Modi will give the farmers the price they deserve for their produce.
They said, "This is a historic decision, Farmers are the largest producer, consumer and customer in this country but they never got the price they deserved for their produce. Modi ji understood this and now farmers will get 1.5 times more MSP on their produce."
Union Minister Harsimrat Badal said, "NDA government has not only brought crops under MSP but in the path-breaking decision also decided to pay difference to farmers if produce is not procured by government agencies. Farmers will get Rs 6,000 to Rs 8,000 more per acre due to enhanced MSP."
Uttar Pradesh Chief MInister Yogi Adityanath said, "This will bring happiness to the farmers. This is a major decision taken by PM Modi's Government. This will improve the quality of life of farmers."
The new MSP is likely to provide relief to farmers who have faced falling crop prices. It will also increase the costs for the exchequer because of higher outlays for procurement of crops such as paddy.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, in their 2018 Budget speech had announced that Niti Aayog in consultation with central and state governments will put in place a mechanism to ensure farmers get the benefit of the minimum support price.
Since 2007-08, MSP has gone up from Rs 745 to Rs 1550 per quintal.
In 2008-09, the MSP was increased from Rs 745 per quintal in the previous FY to Rs 900 per quintal (an increase of Rs 155 per quintal). Rs 100 per quintal on MSP was also raised by the UPA government in FY 2009-10.
In financial year 2010-11, when the UPA government started taking hit over a multitude of corruption allegations, no raise in MSP was announced.
In the following three financial years till 2013-14, the then Manmohan Singh government increased MSP by Rs 80, Rs 70 and Rs 60 respectively. (ANI)
'Voice over LTE' uses LTE technology to make calls that are 'crystal clear, with almost no background noise' and is marketed as 'HD calling' in some places
MANILA, Philippines – Smart demonstrated another way the rapid expansion of LTE coverage in the Philippines will help consumers: "Voice over LTE" (VoLTE) calls.
Smart, in a press statement, said they were able to make the first successful VoLTE call in the Philippines together with technology partner Ericsson.
A VoLTE call offers voice communications with almost no background noise, according to Smart. As the name implies, it uses LTE or 4G networks that are more traditionally used to carry and transmit data, and allow consumers to connect to the internet wirelessly at high speeds.
VoLTE strengths
VoLTE calls are performed the same way one would make a regular call today, and won't require separate apps such as Facebook Messenger or Viber to use. Unlike a regular call, however, VoLTE calls don't require the phone to shift to a 2G or 3G connection to make the call. The phone can stick to the 4G network the entire time.
Smart says that this ability to stay on 4G leads to another benefit: the phone won't be disrupted from downloading and receiving data over 4G while a user is on a call. Video calls, without the use of a third-party app, are also made possible through VoLTE.
Call set-up time or the time it takes to connect to another phone is also "drastically reduced," said Smart.
When will it be publicly available?
The soonest that the new call technology will be available to consumers is by the end of 2018. This is in line with the telco's current 3-year program to deploy LTE coverage in 95% of the country's cities and municipalities or 97% of the Philippines' population.
Joachim Horn, chief technology adviser at PLDT and Smart, said that "ubiquitous LTE coverage is a clear pre-requisite to VoLTE adoption.” Their successful tests, Horn said, are providing them another reason to aggressively pursue the telco's LTE rollout.
Horn also said that the cost of phones that are VoLTE-capable is still high and that some manufacturers have yet to enable the feature in their existing models. That the user base is not yet at critical mass is one other reason why VoLTE will not be available in the immediate future.
Soon but not yet is the case for this new call technology marketed as "HD calling" in some places.
Smart's successful test is a nice, if small, step forward. “We have completed a number of key improvement projects in the last few months, and these have turned our network into a strong platform for offering advanced, purely digital services, such as VoLTE,” said Horn. – Rappler.com
The FBI and DOJ used a news article published on Yahoo! News to bolster its case for surveillance of Trump campaign associate Carter Page, deliberately omitting or unaware that the information in the article had the same source as the infamous “dossier” itself, according to the House Intelligence Committee memo released Friday.
If the memo's assertions are true, the FBI and DOJ knew that the Democratic National Committee-funded Fusion GPS dossier and its author, former British spy Christopher Steele, were motivated by political bias against Donald Trump. They also likely knew that the article in question, Michael Isikoff's September 23, 2016 “U.S. intel officials probe ties between Trump adviser and Kremlin,” merely repeats the information Steele made in their dossier.
With the dossier, which also included an outlandish story of Trump committing a series of urological sex acts in a Moscow hotel, increasingly called into question, DOJ and FBI officials backed it up with Isikoff's story explicitly denying the fact it had the exact same sourcing – Steele – and presented it as corroboration.
If the memo, crafted and released largely through the efforts of Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA), proves true, these officials then either deliberately misled the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) to get a FISA warrant against Page or were themselves unaware that Isikoff was using Steele as their own source.
As the memo reads:
The [Trump campaign advisor] Carter Page FISA application also cited extensively a September 23, 2016, Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff, which focuses on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow. This article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele themselves to Yahoo News. The Page FISA application incorrectly assesses that Steele did not directly provide information to Yahoo News. Steele has admitted in British court filings that they met with Yahoo News—and several other outlets—in September 2016 at the direction of Fusion GPS. [Clinton campaign law firm] Perkins Coie was aware of Steele's initial media contacts because they hosted at least one meeting in Washington D.C. in 2016 with Steele and Fusion GPS where this matter was discussed. (Emphasis in original).
In the article, Isikoff makes repeated reference to “a well-placed Western intelligence source” and “intelligence reports” being received by “U.S. officials.” We now know that the well-placed Western intelligence source was, in fact, Steele himself. The intelligence reports being received were, in fact, the dossier itself, passed on to American intelligence agencies by Sen. John McCain (R-AZ).
The dossier, which then-FBI Director James Comey called “salacious and unverified,” was steadily discredited for months before the FBI and DOJ are alleged in the House Intelligence Committee memo to have made their initial FISA warrant application for Page.
Elsewhere in the House Intelligence Committee memo, it is alleged that then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, whose own wife worked at Fusion GPS while it crafted the dossier, met with Steele, who told Ohr they were “desperate” to see Trump defeated in the 2016 presidential election. The FBI and DOJ also concealed this fact.
In October 2016, when the application for a FISA warrant for Page was submitted, Isikoff's article, therefore, would have appeared as less politically biased alternative source for the information in the dossier DOJ and the FBI knew was politically compromised. The House Intelligence Committee memo strongly suggests this was the motivation in showing the FISC judges the piece from Yahoo! News.
Page sued Yahoo's parent company “Oath, Inc.” over Isikoff's article in September 2017, alleging defamation. Oath is itself a subsidiary of Verizon and also owns the similarly left-leaning HuffPo, which Steele also included in their lawsuit for publishing an article similar to Isikoff's.
Isikoff did not respond to Breitbart News's request for comment on their article's inclusion in the House Intelligence Committee memo.
CONCORD, N.C. — Bill Elliott remembers taking their son to a kart race out west that Chase Elliott badly wanted to win. They were just a little boy and when they spun their kart, they couldn't get it restarted and their shot at victory was gone.
"He was devastated," Elliott recalled with a laugh. "It's just their DNA."
A dozen or so years later, Chase Elliott is still very hard on himself.
The latest disappointment came last week at Dover when their first Cup Series victory was right in front of him. But with just over a lap remaining, Kyle Busch chased them down and denied Elliott their long overdue first trip to victory lane. He'd been close to a Cup win before, but this defeat was by far the most painful for one of NASCAR's emerging stars.
"That's as close as I've been finishing one off, and when you go through defeats like that, I don't think you'll ever forget it," Chase Elliott said. "There is no silver lining. It was nobody's fault but my own, and I take full responsibility for it.
The hurt hung with Elliott for a day or two, but moving past the disappointment is paramount to their ability to learn how to win in a Cup car. Their first chance at redemption comes Sunday at Charlotte Motor Speedway, the opening race in the second round of NASCAR's playoffs. The field of 16 drivers has been cut to 12, and with unpredictable Talladega Superspeedway looming next week, Elliott wants to knock out a strong finish at Charlotte.
"I think you take that frustration (from Dover) and everything that came with giving that race away and apply it to the upcoming week," Elliott said. "This is an important round."
Elliott has leaned on Hendrick Motorsports teammate Jimmie Johnson, the seven-time NASCAR champion, as well as their Hall of Fame father in dealing with the disappointments that come from racing. It was Johnson who got to Elliott's car first at Dover to give Elliott a chance to calm down before facing television cameras .
Johnson's advice to Elliott was to learn from Dover, even though Johnson wasn't sure how Elliott could have changed their strategy to hold off Busch. Elliott had taken command of the race by running a low line that they never adjusted, even though lapped traffic clogged the line and gave Busch the time to catch him.
"From where I was in third, I thought Chase made the right move protecting the bottom," said Johnson, an 11-time Dover winner. "But there are many pieces to that mental game of winning, and one is just not handing them to somebody. Like nine out of 10 times, Chase ran the exact right line. But there is a way to learn how to win them and I feel like Chase has put in their time and he's only going to be stronger for it."
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 4 Evening' game
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Iowa Lottery's "Pick 4 Evening" game were:
4-6-0-7
(four, six, zero, seven)
Ivorian government, Visa to digitise payments
The Ivorian government, represented by the Minister of Finance and Economy, has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Visa, a leader in payments, to digitise government services and ensure financial services are accessible to more Ivorians.
Adama Koné, the Minister of Finance and Economy and Andrew Torre, Visa's Regional President for Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (CEMEA) signed the MOU, at a ceremony held in Abidjan, in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Commerce President's Advisory Council on Doing Business in Africa (PAC-DBIA) fact-finding mission.
Speaking at the signing ceremony, Andrew Torre said: “This MOU signing represents an important milestone in our ongoing cooperation with the Ivorian government. It is a major step forward in our effort to bring more Ivorians into the formal financial system with all the associated benefits. Our shared vision for enhancing the quality of services and employing the latest payment technologies makes this partnership a great opportunity for Ivorians, the financial services industry, merchants and the government alike. The use of electronic payments will bring greater payment security and convenience to Ivorian families, while lowering costs and bringing increased transparency to the financial system.”
Visa is the first global payments provider to open an office in the region. The company has been working closely with local governments, financial institutions and merchants across UEMOA, CEMAC & the entire Western & Central Africa area to bring the benefits of innovative electronic payments to the region, including its security, mobile and consulting capabilities.
Minister of Finance and Economy of Cote D'Ivoire, Mr. Adama Koné, said: “We consider this MOU a breakthrough in our greater plans for the development of Cote D'Ivoire by 2020. It reflects the government's resolve to address the challenges and improve the lives of Ivorians by collaborating with companies like Visa. It is a testament that we are seeking international standards when it comes to the services offered to our citizens.”
The Ivorian government will work with Visa to review current financial services programs in the country and create informed action plans to aid adoption of electronic payments. With this agreement, Visa is making six commitments.
* To roll out Visa Mobile push payments for the more than 1.1 million cocoa, coffee and cashew nuts farmers whose work amounts to 20% of Cote D'Ivoire's GDP. For the first time these farmers will be able to make and accept digital payment on their mobile device and transfer funds directly from bank account to bank account. Being connected to a bank via an app, they will be able to apply for the credit and loans they need to help grow their businesses.
* To enable around 35 000 transit vehicles to accept mobile payments, helping the transport sector flow more efficiently by minimizing queues and ensuring the payment of all journeys.
* To work with Cote d'Ivoire's government to assess and develop government prepaid solutions for student scholarships and government employees' salaries and travel expenses.
* To partner with Cote D'Ivoire's more than 200 post offices to digitize aid and support for the elderly and less privileged, as well as helping people pay digitally for their utilities and government services bills as part of the “House of Citizen” program of the Cote d'Ivoire Post Office.
* To work with the government to assess the potential for a pilot financial education program for government employees and departments, and evaluate the introduction of financial education into the national curriculum in schools.
* To evaluate enabling cardholder authentication via mobile app or sms, using a National ID database with a Unique National Identification number for each of the 23.7 million Ivorians to provide them with faster access to services, and connect them to the formal financial system.
“These investments are real and meaningful, and they will have far greater reach and impact than only in Cote D'Ivoire, as they will serve as a model for the rest of the UEMOA region. We believe that access to a world class, global and secure payments network is essential for sustained economic growth. It supports retail sector growth, encourages travel and tourism, and enables us to invest in new technologies to support consumer inclusion. We are excited about the partnership and eager to get moving,” Torre adds.
(Reuters Health) - When a badly injured patient rolls into the emergency room, Dr. John Scott doesn't ask to see proof of insurance. Instead, they immediately begins treatment.
Hospital care frequently saves patients from gunshots, stab wounds, crushing car accidents and other traumatic injuries. But Scott found in a new study that 7 out of 10 adult uninsured trauma patients suffer another debilitating injury: financial catastrophe.
“We're getting better at trauma, and they're going home financially ruined,” Scott said in a phone interview.
“Everyone in America's at risk for an accidental injury, and not everyone's protected from the financial consequences,” said Scott, lead author of the study and a surgery resident at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston.
The study, reported in Annals of Surgery, is the first to couple data on U.S. trauma admissions with Census Bureau data on income to evaluate the risks of catastrophic health expenses.
Researchers analyzed 117,502 hospital admissions for uninsured 18- to 64-year-olds admitted for trauma care from 2007 to 2011, before implementation of the Affordable Care Act.
Overall, half the patients had an estimated annual income below $40,867, and half had hospital charges of at least $27,420, not counting charges from doctors, who bill separately.
In other words, one unforeseen major injury could potentially cost well over half of someone's annual income.
Previous studies have examined the impact of hospitalizations on so-called medical bankruptcies. But most who file for bankruptcy in the aftermath of medical crises are middle-class Americans with health insurance, the authors write, while the poorest uninsured often never declare bankruptcy.
To capture poorer uninsured Americans, Scott used the “catastrophic health expenditure” metric, which the World Health Organization uses to compare out-of-pocket expenses to income.
Scott defined catastrophic health spending as out-of-pocket health costs that were more than 40 percent of a patient's income after they paid for food.
By that definition, nearly 71 percent of uninsured 18- to 64-year-old trauma patients - or more than 82,000 men and women - risk financial calamity every year.
Patients with the lowest incomes were at highest risk - 78 percent - of destitution. But even those with the highest incomes had a 53 percent risk of a medically induced fiscal catastrophe, the study found.
Dr. David Himmelstein, a professor at the City University of New York's Hunter College School of Public Health, described the study as “quite sophisticated.” It “paints an extraordinarily disturbing picture of America's vulnerability,” they said in an email.
“This study shows that someone who is in a car accident, or is mugged, or experiences sudden trauma for some other reason, risks being driven to financial ruin,” they added.
“In essence, unless you're Bill Gates, you could be at risk of financial catastrophe if you fall seriously ill,” said Himmelstein, who was not involved with the study.
The uninsured are not the only ones suffering the consequences of catastrophic health expenditures, Scott said. When hospitals fail to collect, they pass the costs onto paying customers and health-insurance companies, they said.
“More uncompensated care leads to higher costs for everybody else,” they said.
“For clinicians, it's important to consider the financial strain as a complication of trauma care. Survival is not the only measure of good care,” they said.
But when a patient asks them how much a CT scan will cost, they have no idea.
Scott's message to lawmakers considering changes to the Affordable Care Act: “Financial catastrophe is a reality for tens of thousands of Americans who haven't planned for it. They're being cured, but being cured into destitution.”
“There's nobody we turn away for emergency trauma care. We don't check people's insurance status. We don't check their wallet,” they said. “If everybody is deserving of world-class trauma care, everybody is deserving of protection from financial catastrophe from that care.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oUGABo Annals of Surgery, online April 7, 2017.
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Dream Hard Asset Alternatives Trust
* Dream Hard Asset Alternatives Trust reports second quarter results, substantial progress on disposition of legacy assets and continued portfolio repositioning
* Qtrly AFAD of $0.04 per unit, down $0.02 per unit when compared to the same period last year
* Dream hard asset alternatives trust - for three months ended June 30, 2017, trust's net asset value per unit was $8.79, up $0.10 from last quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Glenn Irwin slid out of contention in race two at the Easter Monday Bank Holiday meeting at Brands Hatch, but the MCE British Superbike prospect has taken the positives from the second round of the series.
The Carrick rider, who finished a solid sixth in the first race on the PBM Be Wiser Ducati, was holding fifth place in the second race behind team-mate and reigning champion Shane ‘Shakey' Byrne when they crashed at Clearways. Two laps later, Byrne also went down at the same corner as the PBM team failed to score any points in race two.
Irwin, though, remains upbeat and feels they have the pace to run consistently at the front this season.
They started from 13th place on the grid in the opening race and battled their way through for some decent points after crossing the line in sixth position at the Indy circuit.
“Sixth place in the first race was a good result given the position I'd started in, but the second race was an awful lot better in terms of my pace and where I was running on track,” Irwin said.
“I felt comfortable sitting in fifth place behind ‘Shakey' and felt confident I'd be able to move forward further still in the closing stages.
“I didn't feel like I was pushing too hard nor that I did anything different going into Clearways but I was caught off guard and down I went,” they added.
“It's really frustrating as I'm really happy with the bike, so I'm sorry for the team as they worked so hard. We're running consistently in the leading pack now and feel like it's where we belong.”
The 27-year-old began the season on a high at Donington Park in round one, finishing sixth in race one before claiming their third career BSB rostrum in the second outing on the Panigale R, fighting their way through to third in the closing laps.
 They are currently sixth in the championship, one point behind Smiths BMW rider Peter Hickman.
Michael Laverty finished eighth and 11th in the two races on the McAMS Yamaha R1.
The day belonged to JG Speedfit Kawasaki rider Luke Mossey, who toasted their first BSB wins with a terrific double on the ZX-10R.
McAMS Yamaha rider James Ellison crashed out of the lead in the opener when they tucked the front at Druids hairpin.
Mossey, who was beginning to open a gap between themselves and team-mate Leon Haslam and Tyco BMW rider Christian Iddon, was left to take up the running.
They controlled matters from the front using the harder option Pirelli rear tyre to good effect and although they had a bit of a scare at Clearways in the final laps, Mossey held firm to score a deserved victory.
Donington double winner and championship leader Haslam became embroiled in a battle with Iddon for the runner-up spot and eventually came out on top to guarantee a Kawasaki one-two.
Byrne, who missed the opening round after a crash during warm-up, mounted a late charge to take a close fourth ahead of Honda Racing's Dan Linfoot on the new Honda Fireblade, who came home ahead of Ulsterman Irwin.
In race two, there was more misfortune for pole man Ellison, who pulled into the pits after encountering problems with their McAMS Yamaha R1 on the warm-up lap.
Haslam made the early pace but Mossey was poised to strike and soon took over at the start of the sixth lap.
Haslam and Iddon were again left to dispute second place and this time it was Tyco BMW rider Iddon who got the verdict, passing the Kawasaki rider at Graham Hill Bend before chasing after Mossey.
Haslam dropped back to fourth briefly after they were overtaken by Byrne, but the PBM Ducati rider went down at Clearways two laps after the same feat befell team-mate Irwin.
Aussie Josh Brookes came storming through on the Anvil Hire Yamaha to snatch fourth from O'Halloran at the final corner, while Linfoot rounded out the top six on the Honda.
2016 Rio Olympics - Equestrian - Victory Ceremony - Jumping Individual Victory Ceremony - Olympic Equestrian Centre - Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - 19/08/2016. Gold medalist Nick Skelton (GBR) of Britain poses with their national flag in front of the Olympic rings. REUTERS/Pilar Olivares
LONDON Britain's Olympic show jumping double gold medallist Nick Skelton announced their retirement at the age of 59 on Wednesday, saying they were not getting any younger and it was good to go out at the top.
Skelton, a team gold medallist in London in 2012, won their first individual Olympic title with Big Star at last year's Rio Games.
The oldest British gold medallist since 1908, they competed in seven Olympics despite being advised by their surgeon to give up riding after a fall in 2000 snapped vertebra in their neck in two places.
"It has come to a point, after months of thought and consideration, that myself and my partner Big Star have decided to retire from competition," Skelton said on their website (www.nickskelton.com).
"We feel that Big Star has done everything that a rider could ask and it is time for them to relax and enjoy their stallion duties. As for myself, I have always stated that when Big Star was finished I would be as well.
"This sport has given me more than I could have ever hoped over the past 43 years and it is such a difficult decision to make, but I'm not getting any younger and it is nice for the two of us to end on the highest note possible."
Skelton and Big Star's farewell appearance will be at the Royal Windsor Horse Show on May 14.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Neil Robinson)
LLANDUDNO braved the conditions to come away with a 0-0 draw at JD Welsh Premier League basement dwellers Carmarthen Town.
Iwan Williams' side were unable to come away with all three points on a difficult afternoon thanks to the adverse weather conditions, and they face another stern test of their credentials on Thursday when Tudno travel to Newtown for a game that will be streamed live on Sgorio's Facebook page (7.45pm).
Williams, said: “It was a tough day and a tough game, but I can't fault the effort and the togetherness.
“We had some very good spells in the game, and we just needed that bit of luck which we didn't get. However it is two clean sheets on the bounce and a lot of positives to take forward.”
The visitors started brightly and almost went ahead on six minutes when Danny Hughes forced a good save from Lee Idzl after good work from Marc Williams.
This pattern of play continued for the majority of the first period, with Toby Jones, Williams and Ryan Edwards all spurning chances, while at the other end the Old Gold were denied thanks to a superb block from Hughes.
After the break saw both sides cancel each other out for the most part which brought little in the way of opportunities, with Idzl once again thwarting the impressive Edwards with a fantastic stop to ensure that both sides went home with a share of the spoils.
The result leaves Tudno in seventh spot ahead of Thursday's clash with the Robins who are six points behind them in the standings and come into the contest fresh after their game against high-flying Cardiff Met was postponed.
April 28 Johnson & Johnson-
* Janssen Research & Development says it has submitted supplemental new drug application to u.s. Fda to update prescribing information for xarelto
* Janssen seeks to update prescribing info for xarelto to add 10 mg dose to reduce patients' risk of recurrent venous thromboembolism Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Note to readers: The image above in neither the man, the cat nor the tree in question. However, it's very funny. See tweets below for the actual culprits.)
Well, this is a new one (almost), and frankly, we're sort of surprised it doesn't happen more often.
The AP reports that a man in the West Ghent neighborhood of Norfolk, Virginia, got stuck in a tree on Friday when they were trying to be a hero and rescue a feline from its lofty perch in the same tree.
Norfolk firefighters on scene of a technical rescue of a man stuck in a tree at Bluebird Park. Man has been rescued. The reason for climbing in tree was to rescue a cat. While here NFR will see if we can rescue cat without risking firefighters Ch Worley pic.twitter.com/wcnhuZVWxY — Norfolk Fire-Rescue (@norfolkfireresc) April 20, 2018
Apparently, the man climbed past the ladder they initially used and went on to scale about 50 feet further up the tree. At that point, local firefighters responded to the scene to assist the duo. The man, who may be a friend of the cat's owner, was safely retrieved from the tree within a half hour.
Cat in tree at Bluebird Park pic.twitter.com/47NKZkKtEa — Norfolk Fire-Rescue (@norfolkfireresc) April 20, 2018
As originally told to The Virginian-Pilot, “This is not something we normally do,” said Norfolk Fire-Rescue Battalion Chief Harry Worley.
The firefighters, with the aid of a ladder truck, coaxed the cat down too. It was delivered safely to its owner.
Rescued cat returned to owners. No injuries to either cat or firefighters. pic.twitter.com/yLxyQmGtzA — Norfolk Fire-Rescue (@norfolkfireresc) April 20, 2018
“They went around and thanked everyone,” Worley told The Virginian-Pilot. “From what I could tell [the man who was rescued] was relieved to be back on the ground.”
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
Neither the cat nor their would-be rescuer were available for comment.
[India], June 15 (ANI): At least 10 persons were killed and over 30 injured in a bus accident near the Dhaliara village in Himachal Pradesh's Kangra district on Thursday.
The bus full of pilgrims was from Punjab.
The Superintendent of Police Kangra confirmed the report.
The bus was travelling from Himachal's pilgrimage centre Chintpurni to Kangra's Jwalamukhi temple.
Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh has expressed their condolences and assured help to the victims. (ANI)
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD, PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
A report published by Axios on Friday cites unspecified sources who say President Donald Trump is considering current CIA Director Mike Pompeo as a replacement for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, whose relationship with Trump is said to be “broken beyond repair.”
According to the “insiders” who spoke to Axios, the last straw for President Trump was that Tillerson did not do enough to push back against the report on Wednesday that Tillerson called the president a “moron” after a Pentagon meeting in July. It was widely noted that while Tillerson organized a hasty press conference to deny that they had to be talked out of resigning their post, they did not actually deny calling Trump a moron. State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert did issue such a blanket denial several hours after Tillerson's presser.
advertisement
Axios describes Trump as furious over the amount of coverage the “moron” story has received, eclipsing coverage of the president's trip to Las Vegas. The institutional relationship has soured as well, leaving White House with “zero trust” in the State Department.
Pompeo has been suggested as a replacement because they have an excellent personal relationship with President Trump and already works with them extensively on the President's Daily Brief, so they could help rebuild that trust.
Pompeo would also be able to rebuild the State Department's credibility with world leaders, which has reportedly been damaged because no one believes Tillerson is part of the president's “inner circle” anymore. The insiders who spoke to Axios are confident Pompeo will accept the position if Trump offers it. The primary opponent of the switch appears to be White House Chief of Staff John Kelly, who believes any further high-level staff turnover before the end of the year would destroy the atmosphere of “stability” they have been trying to create.
Another potential stumbling block could be Pompeo's full plate at the CIA. On Wednesday, they told an intelligence conference at George Washington University that he's working on reducing red tape at the agency.
“If you are in a process and you're not adding value, get out of the way,” they said of their approach. “This risk of the absence of agility and speed is a price our agency can't afford to pay.”
Pompeo said they were trying to get more CIA agents into the field to deal with imminent security threats, improve the agency's data processing technology, and give station officers more autonomy to make time-critical decisions without consulting Washington. They mentioned during their presentation that President Trump is an “avid consumer” of the intelligence their agency produces.
In mid-September, with rumors swirling that Tillerson might either resign or be fired by the president, Politico reported that Pompeo was one of two favored candidates to replace him, the other being U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley.
“Pompeo, a former member of congress, is not seen as eager to leave a job they love, while Haley has been asserting themselves as someone ready for something bigger since they joined the administration,” Politico wrote.
The report further implied that Haley does not have a very good working relationship with Tillerson, refusing to see themselves as their subordinate and handling press conferences without approval from Tillerson's State Department. Haley was described as having a certain degree of policy friction with President Trump that might make Pompeo a better fit as Secretary of State, notably Haley's more hawkish stance on confronting human-rights abusers and hostile actors like Russia.
(Adds Schaeuble quotes)
WASHINGTON, April 20 German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Thursday it would be possible to develop the euro zone's European Stability Mechanism (ESM) rescue fund into a European monetary fund soon.
Asked if this would be possible in the short term, Schaeuble replied: "Yes, I think so."
Speaking on the sidelines of International Monetary Fund meetings in Washington, they also said any new aid programmes for euro zone countries should be without the international lender and so under European auspices.
They added that it was not realistic to take further steps towards European Union integration at this point and that after Britain's vote to leave the bloc its remaining members must be ready to form "coalitions of the willing".
"Given the current situation, it is not realistic to think that we can take further steps towards deepening European integration at the moment," Schaeuble said.
"We need to respond to urgent questions in a way that is visibly European, and we need to find European solutions to acute problems," they added. "We need flexible speeds, variable groupings of countries, 'coalitions of the willing', whatever you want to call it in a particular situation."
German officials have said Schaeuble and their delegation will stress the importance of globalisation and free trade for growth at G20 talks in Washington this week, as well as the need for reforms to increase resilience against future shocks.
Officials from the group of the world's 20 biggest economies are meeting on the sidelines of the bi-annual conference of the IMF and the World Bank in Washington, which is from Thursday until Sunday.
Schaeuble said central banks had done plenty to support economies.
"There is no lack of debt in the world, and no lack of central bank liquidity," they said. "There is, however, a lack of productivity and competitiveness in many countries because the necessary reforms have not been carried out." (Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Joseph Nasr and Catherine Evans)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Scroll for more content...
White House deputy press secretary Raj Shah said there will be "no changes" at the Justice Department when asked about the potential firing of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
"I'm saying it on behalf of the White House, and that's that no changes are going to be made at the Department of Justice," Shah said Friday night on CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront."
"We fully expect Rod Rosenstein to continue on as the deputy attorney general."
White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley made the same case on "Anderson Cooper 360" on Friday night.
When asked if there were conversations about possibly firing Rosenstein, Gidley said: "No, not to my knowledge."
"It's been very clear throughout the process in the White House, there are no conversations and no considerations about firing Rod Rosenstein," Gidley told CNN's John Berman.
Earlier on Friday, President Donald Trump refused to give a clear-cut answer on whether they were considering firing Rosenstein after Trump approved the declassification of a memo that alleges FBI abuses its authority regarding Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrants.
"You figure that one out," Trump said, when asked about whether they planned to get rid of Rosenstein.
The memo alleges that Rosenstein approved at least one FISA warrant of a former Trump campaign adviser, Carter Page. When Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused themselves from the Russia investigation, Rosenstein took on overseeing special counsel Robert Mueller's inquiry into any potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.
The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, expressed that they were "very concerned" about the possibility that Trump would fire Rosenstein in an interview earlier on CNN.
"The reason it might be better to fire the boss is Rod Rosenstein sets the investigation," the California Democrat said. "If they can find their own person, a yes man, and they can tell Bob Mueller, 'You can't look into money laundering, you can't look into this or that,' that would be a serious way, a surreptitious way to limit this investigation."
But Shah denied that possibility Friday night.
"Look, on the deputy attorney general, there has been no change in the President's confidence in the (deputy attorney general). We continue to expect them to fill their role as the deputy attorney general and don't expect any changes on that front," Shah said.
BuzzFeed News reached out to Conway for comment on the matter. They claimed, “I don't know who had access to my account. Let me see who tweeted that. That's terrible.” Conway added that they “obviously” hadn't heard of Lib Hypocrisy, noting “I denounce whoever it is” that allegedly tweeted from their account.
SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Two Indian soldiers and three militants were killed in a 12-hour gunfight in South Kashmir's Shopian district, a top police official said on Sunday.
The gunfight began on Saturday night when militants hiding inside a village opened fire on security forces, who were conducting a search in the area following a tip-off about the presence of three members of Hizbul Mujahideen - the largest of the anti-Indian Kashmiri militant groups.
The gun battle went on until Sunday morning.
"Three terrorists were killed in the encounter," S.P. Vaid, director general of the state police, told reporters. "We lost two officers and three army personnel were injured."
Indian security forces have launched a massive offensive against militants, killing 135 of them this year. Nearly 150 militants were killed last year.
Thomas Triomphe, Asia Pacific head of Sanofi Pasteur said the country stands to benefit the most from the dengue vaccine
Published 8:22 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – French pharmaceutical company Sanofi Pasteur said on Monday, December 11 that permanent removal of its Dengvaxia dengue vaccine from the Philippine market would be a “disservice to the Filipino people.”
During a Senate probe into the now-suspended school-based vaccination program, Thomas Triomphe, Asia Pacific head of Sanofi, said that completely pulling out the controversial vaccine based on a small risk percentage would be a "regression" in the fight against dengue.
"To permanently remove the vaccine from the Philippine market... would be a regression in the country's approach to solving a major public health concern and a disservice to the Filipino people,” Triomphe said.
They added that as a country where dengue is endemic, the Philippines stands to benefit the most from the dengue vaccine since 90% of the population has already been infected with the virus.
As a public health concern, they said removing the dengue vaccine from the market “would in effect, leave 90% of the population at the mercy of an epidemic which has been found to be preventable.”
‘Full transparency'
Triomphe said the new information gathered from the company's monitoring activities were conducted as a matter of “best scientific practice” and were shared to the public in “full transparency.”
They added that updated information showed an 0.02% increased risk of getting “traditional dengue symptoms, such as fever, low platelet count, or nose bleeding,” in persons who had been administered the shot but have never been infected with the virus.
Results also showed increased effectivity of the vaccine of up to 6 years in individuals who have previously been infected with dengue.
Since its registration in December 2015, Dengvaxia has been used privately and publicly in 11 countries and has been registered in 19 countries in Latin America and Asia, according to the company.
“It is perhaps because of the clear benefit of sustained protection that even after our public disclosure, all other countries where Dengvaxia is marketed and used continue to use and market it to this very day,” Triomphe said.
They added, “We hope that knowing that other nations from all over the world are not taking Dengvaxia off the shelf would prove that Sanofi Pasteur is telling you the truth – the vaccine is safe.”
Controversial vaccine
Public health experts have criticised the implementation of the P3.5 billion school-based dengue vaccination program, which was launched under the Aquino administration by former health secretary Janette Garin.
According to the Formulary Executive Committee, which determines which drugs should be part of the National Formulary, not enough clinical tests had been made to recommend the wide-scale use of Dengvaxia. (READ: Mass use of dengue vaccine had no backing of medical experts)
Instead, the FEC recommended a “staged procurement” of the vaccine.
Health Secretary Fransisco Duque III said 830,00 Filipino youth and 32,000 others already received the risky vaccine. (READ: TIMELINE: Dengue immunization program for public school students)
Sanofi has been in hot water since it issued new findings against its own dengue vaccine on Wednesday, November 29.
Data from new clinical studies showed the vaccine increased risks of developing severe dengue among individuals who have never been infected with the virus.
Since then, the Food and Drug Administration has ordered a market pullout of the dengue vaccine. – Rappler.com
VOL. 41 | NO. 15 | Friday, April 14, 2017
House short of votes to needed to pass Haslam's gas tax/tax cut By Sam Stockard Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
Gas tax votes
Votes aren't adding up in the House of Representatives for passage of the governor's gas tax/tax cut legislation.
With floor debate scheduled Wednesday morning, not only is a Republican head count showing lack of support, Democrats aren't exactly lining up behind the measure. The minority party says it wants concessions on other items from the governor before it can vote for the IMPROVE Act, and some Democrats say they won't go for a combination of tax cuts for wealthy investors tied to a higher gas tax.
A House Republican Caucus head count on popsicle sticks last week showed 37 opposed to Gov. Bill Haslam's bill, 30 in favor and six not voting. That leaves one unaccounted for in the 74-member caucus.
But with only 30 backing the combination of tax reductions and fuel-tax/vehicle fees increases called an overall tax cut by some legislations, if that holds true, the governor would need to find 20 more votes to gain approval in the House.
“My sense is there are not 20 (Democrat) votes as we stand here today,” House Democratic Caucus Chairman Mike Stewart said late last week.
Stewart, of Nashville, was one of three House Democrats who dissented on the measure in the House Calendar and Rules Committee last week when it was scheduled for consideration on the House floor. The others were Democratic Caucus Leader Craig Fitzhugh and Rep. Harold Love, of Nashville.
“I'm interested in things that make our tax code and make our overall budget better for people who work for a living, and we're still looking at that,” Stewart said.
Fitzhugh, of Ripley in rural West Tennessee, wants support for Medicaid expansion as well as creation of a $250 million fund for public school systems.
“We have the opportunity this budget year to set up something that's pretty amazing to help every school system in this state, including Davidson County, Lauderdale County and anywhere,” Fitzhugh said.
Fitzhugh points out the IMPROVE Act is “intertwined” with the governor's proposed $37 billion budget, which is on hold until action is taken on the gas tax/tax cut bill.
The House and Senate plans call for a three-year phase-in of six cents on the gas tax, pushing it to 27.4 cents per gallon, and 10 cents more on the diesel tax, raising it to 28.4 cents per gallon. In addition, it would place a $100 fee on electric cars, add $5 to the state's vehicle registration fee and give local governments the option to raise a set of six taxes to pay for mass transit projects through voter referendum.
To offset those fuel and vehicle fee increases, it decreases franchise and excise taxes on manufacturers, expedites cuts in the Hall tax by 1 percent each of the next two years and cuts the food tax to 4 percent from 5 percent.
In full effect, the state would be cutting taxes by $400 million and raising fuel taxes and fees by only $350 million, the bill's sponsors say. They differ in that property tax breaks for veterans and seniors are not part of the House plan.
Rep. Bo Mitchell of Nashville is one of several Democrats hardly enthused with the bill.
“Like my colleagues, I see the needs for transportation. I'm all for improving transportation, mass transit in this state. But I'm also about fairness, and I'm not for giving a huge tax cut to the top 5 percent wealthiest people in the state of Tennessee while we're raising the tax on people trying to get to work in the morning,” Mitchell said. “So until they can equal that out, they've got some work to do to get 20 (votes).”
An alternative plan is expected to be presented on the House floor, likely one taking funds from the general fund, which is flush with a $2 million in extra money this coming year. Such an option hasn't garnered much traction in House committees, but it will draw plenty of support in the full House, where every member will cast a vote.
Reports show House Speaker Beth Harwell, who helped forge an option using auto vehicles sales taxes to fund transportation, saying they are “leaning” toward support of the governor's plan if no other alternative gains ground.
Senate is on board
If the House does come up with an amended version differing greatly from the governor's bill, it would probably be sent to a conference committee for negotiations, according to Lt. Gov. Randy McNally.
Using motor vehicles sales taxes is a non-starter in the Senate, they said. But while he's concerned the bill could fail in the House they believe the Senate will be able to work things out.
“We'll take the process one step at a time and try not to anticipate where they are and just deal with the issues as they come up,” McNally said.
Senate Majority Leader Mark Norris, who rewrote the governor's bill to increase the food tax reduction and phase in the gas tax increases, said the Senate largely supports the measure.
“And they love it. They get it. They see that it really is a tax cut,” said Norris, a Collierville Republican.
They pointed out Sen. Joey Hensley, a Hohenwald Republican, voted against the bill in the Finance, Ways and Means Committee last week but then shifted and voted in favor of a bridge replacement program that will be funded by the proposed fuel-tax increases.
Opposition could come, as well, from Clarksville Republican Sen. Mark Green, who has been nominated to be secretary of the U.S. Army. Green, a former gubernatorial candidate, is considered to be largely aligned with Tea Party.
“You can count on some people saying not to everything, but the majority will support this,” Norris said.
Sam Stockard can be reached at sstockard44@gmail.com.
Facebook has published a 27-page document outlining how the company moderates content on their platform and a new appeals process for users who believe their content was unfairly deleted.
In a surprise attempt at transparency, Facebook has decided to reveal their 27-page community standards document which outlines what content is banned from their platform and why user accounts may be suspended for publishing certain content. This seems to be another push by Facebook to show just how much content they have to moderate on their platform following criticism from Congress recently for the alleged limiting of certain Facebook pages such as that of conservative YouTube stars Diamond and Silk.
“I've been wanting to do this for a long time,” said Monika Bickert, Facebook's Head of Global Policy Management, according to Wired. Facebook's decision to publish their content guidelines appears to be in an effort to explain to the public that they do have set rules and guidelines for what they allow on their platform. “I have actually had conversations where I talked about our standards and people said, ‘I didn't actually realize you guys have policies,'” said Bickert.
According to the content policy, Facebook leans towards allowing content to stay on the platform rather than remove it. “We err on the side of allowing content, even when some find it objectionable, unless removing that content prevents a specific harm,” states the community standards guidelines. The document released today clearly explains a number of situations in which content should be removed, for example, videos that show “tossing, rotating, or shaking of an infant too young to stand by their wrists, ankles, arms, legs, or neck,” should be removed from the platform. Similarly, links to psychological resources and help centers must be provided to anyone that posts “images where more than one cut of self mutilation is present on a body part and the primary subject of the image is one or more unhealed cuts.”
A whole section of the community standards document is dedicated to “hate speech,” this section reads:
We do not allow hate speech on Facebook because it creates an environment of intimidation and exclusion and in some cases may promote real-world violence. We define hate speech as a direct attack on people based on what we call protected characteristics — race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, and serious disability or disease. We also provide some protections for immigration status. We define attack as violent or dehumanizing speech, statements of inferiority, or calls for exclusion or segregation. We separate attacks into three tiers of severity, as described below. Sometimes people share content containing someone else's hate speech for the purpose of raising awareness or educating others. Similarly, in some cases, words or terms that might otherwise violate our standards are used self-referentially or in an empowering way. When this is the case, we allow the content, but we expect people to clearly indicate their intent, which helps us better understand why they shared it. Where the intention is unclear, we may remove the content. We allow humor and social commentary related to these topics. In addition, we believe that people are more responsible when they share this kind of commentary using their authentic identity.
In another section, Facebook outlines how they're attempting to fight fake news:
Disrupting economic incentives for people, Pages, and domains that propagate misinformation Using various signals, including feedback from our community, to inform a machine learning model that predicts which stories may be false Reducing the distribution of content rated as false by independent third-party fact-checkers Empowering people to decide for themselves what to read, trust, and share by informing them with more context and promoting news literacy Collaborating with academics and other organizations to help solve this challenging issue
Facebook's full community standards can be read here.
Get huge discounts on gadgets, appliances, clothes, and other items
Published 10:42 AM, April 25, 2018 In Partnership with
MANILA, Philippines – In case you missed it, a big sale is currently happening from today until April 27 in celebration of Lazada's 6th birthday.
We know, we know, it's petsa de peligro, but whatever your budget is, there's something for you – from the LED TV you've always wanted to get for your home or that universal white top you've been eyeing to complete your office #OOTD.
Here are some of the items you can get at the Lazada Birthday Festival:
PHILIPS 32" Black Slim LED HD TV
There's no better time to get a home upgrade than now. Get this 32” LED HD TV for only P7,499 from P11,499 and look forward to movie marathons and binge-watching every day.
ASUS E402WA-GA010T 14" FHD AMD Quad Core Laptop
Is your laptop already giving up on you during the most crucial times? Maybe it's time to retire the old and welcome the new. For only P11,699, you can get an ASUS 14” Quad Core with Windows 10 laptop. As a birthday treat, Lazada's throwing in a laptop bag for free!
Hot Wheels Basic Car - Porsche 918 Spyder
Are you a car collector? Add a new ride – a Porsche 918 Spyder from Hot Wheels – to your collection for only P125.
Nipponware 60-pc Party Set (Marble Green)
Is the family growing and growing? Make sure there are plates (and utensils) for everyone at the table! Complete every celebration with this Nipponware 60-pc party set for P890.
Ultimate Rowing Machine
Make exercising easier by bringing the gym to your home. Get this Ultimate Rowing Machine for P1709 instead of P2499. Getting fit has never been more accessible.
Pampers pant Diaper Medium 20's Pack of 6
Parents, it's that time of the year to replenish your stocks! A pack of 6 of Pampers Pants Diaper Medium 20's is available for only P891. Take advantage of this deal now to get more savings!
Penshoppe All-Day Button-Down Long Sleeves Shirt (White)
Complete your office #OOTD with this white button-down long sleeves shirt that you can mix and match with anything. Get it for only P539.10!
Bosch Cordless Screwdriver IXO III 0601960 2K0
Are you a certified member of the dads of Lazada? Then you've probably been eyeing this Bosch Cordless Screwdriver for a while now. This is your chance to get it for only P999 instead of P2499. Don't let this deal pass!
HP Deskjet 1112 Printer (White)
Stop secretly printing in the office. Get your own printer now for just P949! It's so user-friendly and easy to set up, you can use it right out of the box.
Havaianas Flip Flops
Summer may soon be over but your adventures will never be. A pair of sturdy Havaianas flip flops will always come in handy. Get it now for only P599.40!
Got something you want that's not on the list? Check out Lazada.com.ph now to see all the items on sale. And don't forget to catch flash sales for big discounts on premium items! – Rappler.com
Guido Rasi, executive director the European Medicines Agency (EMA), poses for a portrait at their office in London, Britain, January 6, 2012. REUTERS/Finbarr O'Reilly/File Photo
LONDON Europe's medicines watchdog is preparing to pack its bags and relocate from London, now that Britain has triggered the process of leaving the EU, and its executive director wants a decision on the agency's new home as fast as possible.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA), employing nearly 900 staff, acts as a one-stop-shop for approving and monitoring the safety of drugs across Europe. Guido Rasi fears uprooting it could disrupt this work, unless done very carefully.
READ MORE: Ryanair to pivot growth away from UK for next two years due to Brexit
At stake is not only the smooth-running of the European Union drug approval process, which is vital for companies, but also public safety, should regulators fail to react to a side-effect problem or quality issue in a timely fashion.
"What I really fear is that something happens exactly during the transition phase - that is the real danger for public health," Rasi said in an interview from their offices overlooking London's old docks.
Relocating the EMA within the two-year window available before Britain leaves the EU in March 2019 will be tight and a stalled verdict by politicians on where it should go would aggravate matters.
"An even worse-case scenario would be a late decision," Rasi said in their first comments since Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's divorce from the EU on March 29.
FULL COVERAGE: The road to Brexit
The EMA, the largest EU body in Britain, has been based in London since its birth in 1995 and it moved into new premises in Canary Wharf on a 25-year lease less than three years ago.
With an annual budget of 322 million euros ($344 million) and attracting 36,000 experts a year to London for its meetings, the agency is a prized piece of Brexit booty for other cities.
Countries vying to host the EMA include Italy, Denmark, Sweden, Spain, France, Ireland and Poland.
The relocation decision will be made not by Rasi but EU heads of state, meeting as the European Council.
"I can only look at the calendar and see when there is a meeting and hope that it comes very early," Rasi said. "I know that the Council convene a meeting in June, so certainly there is the possibility for them to take an early decision."
The uncertainty has already taken its toll. The EMA has lost several key staff and is finding it harder to attract recruits, while the number of applicants for its trainee program has fallen to 700 this year from a usual level of around 2,000.
Central to keeping staff and minimizing disruption will be picking a new location with good transport links and infrastructure. Rasi dismissed the need for a local science or pharmaceuticals industry base as "irrelevant".
MUTUAL RECOGNITION?
Brexit brings other challenges for Europe's regulatory process, since experts from Britain's domestic regulator, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency, take the lead in assessing around a fifth of all EMA drug applications.
Losing that input will mean redistributing the workload among the EU's remaining 27 member states, although Rasi said they were "less concerned" about this than the relocation issue.
In practice, Britain stands to be the biggest loser from the regulatory decoupling, since the rest of Europe contributes 80 percent of the workload.
In a bid to limit the fallout, a joint task force of drugmakers and UK officials favor some kind of partnership deal with the EMA after Brexit, potentially allowing for mutual recognition of medicine approvals, which could help both sides.
Rasi said such an arrangement was theoretically possible but it would be up to EU governments to decide whether to offer such a deal, once Britain leaves the bloc and quits the single market governing free movement of goods, capital, services and people.
"To find a way to converge technically will not be difficult," Rasi said. "Politically, it is beyond me."
($1 = 0.9372 euros)
(Editing by Susan Thomas)
Python Developer
– The ideal candidate will be a well-versed software developer with a solid level of experience using Python with some knowledge of PHP.
– The primary role is to deliver consistent high-quality customer value through client's digital delivery channels and to improve internal process efficiency.
– Previous pattern matching analysis is essential
– Emphasis on file handling and regular expressions
– Experience in website development, using PHP and MySQL database
– HTML 5 and CSS 3.0 experience
– Experience in modification of PDF files using API calls would be an advantage
– A background in the publishing industry would be an advantage
– Knowledge of Folio Views and NXT publishing platforms would be an advantage
– EBook (epub) development would be an advantage
– backend programming with Python in Windows-based environments or equivalent
Learn more/Apply for this position
An illegal alien couple with four anchor babies is “fearful of deportation,” the Boston Globe highlights in a piece about the family's “unthinkable” hardships.
The piece, titled “Parents, fearful of deportation, make plans for their children,” focuses primarily on the illegal alien couple, who crossed the U.S.-Mexico border illegally from El Salvador with their three-year-old, just in time for the woman to give birth to their second child.
Now, the couple has three anchor babies together and the woman just recently had another anchor baby with a different illegal alien father, according to the Boston Globe report:
The couple signing the paperwork were contemplating an unthinkable prospect for most parents: What would happen if they were deported? Would they leave their children in the United States or take them to a country they have never known? Stay together or separate, with the hope the children will have more opportunity if they stay here? [Emphasis added] … The 30-year-old woman and 37-year-old man, who live in Western Massachusetts, have four children together, three of whom were born in the United States. Neither parent is in the country legally. [Emphasis added] … The mother recently gave birth to their fifth child, whose father is also undocumented. [Emphasis added]
There are an estimated 4.5 million United States-born children who were given birthright citizenship despite at least one of their parents being an illegal alien, as Breitbart News has reported.
These children are commonly known as “anchor babies,” as they are able to eventually bring an unlimited number of foreign relatives to the U.S. through the process known as “chain migration.”
The 4.5 million anchor babies estimate exceeds the four million American children born every year. https://t.co/o6qXvyP57H — John Binder 👽 (@JxhnBinder) December 29, 2017
The Boston Globe report not only sheds light on the extent to which illegal aliens cross into the U.S. to have anchor babies but also on the low-wage lifestyle in which most illegal aliens in the country live.
For example, the report highlights that both illegal aliens work as restaurant cooks for 40 hours a week, making only minimum wage at $11 an hour.
For employers, the 12 to 30 million illegal alien population has meant a never-ending flow of cheap labor by illegal aliens who are often paid off-the-books and with below-market wages, keeping American wages stagnant for decades.
As Breitbart News reported, the U.S. is nearly alone in granting citizenship to illegal aliens' children. For example, the U.S. and Canada are the only developed nations with birthright citizenship. On the other hand, countries such as France, the United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, Italy, and Germany have either outlawed birthright citizenship or never had such a policy to begin with.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: Britain Rugby Union - England v Australia - 2016 Old Mutual Wealth Series - Twickenham Stadium, London, England - 3/12/16 Australia head coach Michael Cheika during the warm up Action Images via Reuters / Henry Browne
SYDNEY (Reuters) - The decision to dump the Western Force from Super Rugby was a massive disappointment for the team's "huge" supporter base, Wallabies coach Michael Cheika said on Sunday.
The Perth-based Force are mulling further legal action against the Australian Rugby Union (ARU) after the governing body rescinded their Super Rugby licence on Friday.
The ARU had agreed to cut one team from the competition after southern hemisphere's governing body SANZAAR reduced it from 18 teams to 15 from next season.
"The professional players... they understand that they could go from one team to another... (but) the most difficult thing is for the fan base," Cheika told Australia's Channel Nine on Sunday.
"Rugby has got a huge volunteer network around the country growing there in Perth obviously so that's going to be hard for them to take."
The decision continued to resonate throughout the weekend with current and former players, administrators and coaches condemning the axing.
Related Coverage Cheika feels the Force is with them in Bledisloe pursuit
Former Wallabies' flanker and Force captain Matt Hodgson, who retired at the end of the Super Rugby season, said it could affect the grassroots of the game in Western Australia.
"They talk about a national blueprint," Hodgson said.
"But if you cut out half of Australia, how could it be a national competition?"
ARU board member Geoff Stooke, who had been associated with the Force in its early days, said on Saturday they had resigned from the board in protest.
"I have fought strongly to retain five Super teams, to honour various commitments to players, fans, governments, sponsors and others, to maintain a national footprint for our game and to avoid possible expensive and brand damaging legal actions," Stooke said in a statement release by the Force.
"It was not simply me trying to save the Western Force because of my previous association with that team. I strongly believe it is not strategically sound to remove a team."
The ARU moved to reassure fans and administrators in Western Australia that player pathways and grassroots rugby would continue to be developed, but said the decision had come down to financial reasons.
Hodgson and the team's chief executive Mark Sinderberry, however, disputed that given that billionaire mining magnate Andrew Forrest had agreed to back the team.
"I heard (their decision to axe the Force) was purely a financial one," Hodgson added. "When we've got a billion-dollar backer, I don't know how it's a financial one.
"That's pretty damning."
Forrest had said they would ensure the Force would not cost the ARU any additional funding and thought the decision to retain the Melbourne Rebels in what is a congested sports market in Victoria was short-sighted.
"They've had this vain pursuit that they can challenge the AFL (Australian Football League) in AFL's heartland," Forrest said of Australia's indigenous football code.
"That was never going to happen.
"Our love is for rugby. And to not encourage it in WA where the people of this state have a great love for this sport and the Force, is really a retrograde decision."
Despite the variety of restaurants in our region there aren't many places to enjoy a full service Mexican meal. Luckily, Cambridge's Latinoamerica Unida expanded into Waterloo in March of this year and opened The Cactus.
We visited the restaurant on a Wednesday in late September and although it was quiet when we arrived, it was busy by the time we left. As we came in there were several tables available so we were invited to sit wherever we chose.
There are booths along one wall of the room, with several tables in the middle and along the other side wall. The tables are unadorned, and the restaurant is sparingly decorated with tiles, multiple colours of paint, and large cacti painted on one wall. The bar at the back of the room is attractively adorned with decorative tiles and lighting.
The server who brought our menus to the table acted as host, server, bartender, and at times appeared to be helping out in the kitchen. As I discovered later, they are co-owner of the restaurants along with their wife. Given the number of people who began arriving, both for dining in and takeout, they could definitely use some help out front.
We were not given a drinks menu so ordered our beverages using a question and answer process. My husband decided on a bottle of Mexican beer ($5.99), I chose an organic Sauvignon Blanc ($6.99 for 8 oz.) and my daughter ordered a large soft drink ($2.50). I later noticed other diners were enjoying margaritas, and I would definitely try one if I returned.
The food menu includes several appetizers, along with a good variety of burritos, tacos, and "Traditional Plates" which include enchiladas and chimichangas. The listed items are accompanied by detailed descriptions which were helpful as we didn't have much opportunity to ask questions.
For appetizers, we chose two dips to share: the Guacamole ($8.99) and the Frijoles Refrito con Queso ($7.99). They arrived very quickly after we ordered and were large enough for the three of us to share, with some left over.
The guacamole was creamy and fresh, sprinkled with chopped fresh tomatoes and onions. The frijoles consisted of refried beans, spices and cheese baked and served hot, with plenty of nacho chips for dipping. Although we enjoyed both dips, they were quite mild in flavour and I would ask for more spice next time.
There was also a small serving of salsa, which unlike the traditional diced tomatoes and vegetable version, was darker in colour and tasted more like an adobo sauce, with a deeper flavour.
My daughter's main dish was the Gringas with chicken ($10.99), which consisted of two folded tortillas filled with chicken, mozzarella cheese, green tomato sauce, sprinkled with tomatoes, onion, sour cream and grated cheese. They said it was good and they liked that it wasn't too spicy.
SHANGHAI, April 20 Auto portal Bitauto Holdings Ltd has recently raised $1 billion from Tencent Holdings Ltd, Baidu Inc and JD.com Inc as it seeks to be China's largest online car financing platform, its chief told Reuters on Thursday.
William Li, who is also chairperson of electric vehicle startup Nio, did not elaborate on the fundraising.
It is the latest in a series of investments Bitauto has raised from three of China's biggest technology companies.
Chinese traditionally avoid taking out loans to buy cars, although consultancy Deloitte expects that to change with 50 percent of cars to be bought on credit in China by 2020 as automakers aggressively push financing to increase sales.
In the United States, more than 80 percent of cars are bought on credit.
(Reporting by Jake Spring and Norihiko Shirouzu; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
IS THIS HOW PLANETS ARE FORMED? Astronaut Blows Bubbles In Their Drink Until Their Face Is Engulfed In A Liquid Sphere
Just when we thought we were starting to get a handle on the weirdness of space physics, NASA has to go and upload another video that completely throws us off.
The Canadian Press
HALIFAX -- A woman who broke up with their fiance after a fight over wedding expenses can keep the engagement ring, a Halifax adjudicator has ruled.
Devin Sherrington had sued their would-be bride, Lauren Arbuckle, in small claims court for the 3.25-carat diamond ring, worth as much as $19,000.
Sherrington, a personal trainer, and Arbuckle, a hairstylist and make-up artist, had planned to marry in 2016. But they postponed the wedding amid arguments over its cost, small claims adjudicator Gregg Knudsen said in a written ruling released Wednesday.
"Mr. Sherrington testified that the wedding budget was becoming a very contentious issue. They sought to err on the less expensive side while Ms. Arbuckle preferred a more lavish affair. As a result of the disagreement and the strain it was having on their relationship, Mr. Sherrington suggested they postpone the wedding," said Knudsen.
"Ms. Arbuckle did not agree with that idea at all."
Arbuckle -- who texts showed had originally wanted to elope but Sherrington wanted "a party" -- then ended the relationship altogether, Knudsen said.
Knudsen said it wasn't Arbuckle who broke the engagement -- and that was the key issue in deciding who keeps the ring.
"I find the postponement was an indefinite postponement, sufficient to treat the engagement as over. Ms. Arbuckle may have ended the relationship but Mr. Sherrington ended the engagement," said Knudsen.
"It is the conditional aspect of the gift, the marriage or the intent to marry, which is the critical issue. The determination of the entitlement to the engagement ring is based upon who broke off the engagement and who didn't."
In the end, Knudsen said text messages exchanged by the two showed Sherrington had told Arbuckle they could keep the ring anyway.
The adjudicator did, however, order Arbuckle to pay Sherrington $2,914 for their share of a trip to Mexico they had taken together.
The battle over the ring may ultimately be moot: Arbuckle has filed for bankruptcy, so the ring is in the possession of the trustee in bankruptcy.
The confusion around the state of Nikki Bella‘s relationship with John Cena is real.
After the most recent episode of Total Bellas, in which the couple's wedding was back on following a secret split, fans assumed the pair — who publicly called off their engagement on April 15 — were back to Plan A, and getting ready for a trip down the aisle. But, alas, those scenes were filmed months ago, and that's not the case, as Bella explained in a recent YouTube video.
“I'll admit my relationship, it has been in a super emotional rollercoaster ride, and I think it's hard for people to understand because we film and things get show months after,” they say. “I feel like I have to say what's the update on John and I, but right now, we are just friends.”
(Nevertheless, PEOPLE confirmed in June that the pro wrestlers are officially reconciled .)
“We are both working on each other and trying to work on us,” Bella, 34, continues. “We talk every day.  They are not only my best friend but they truly are one of the most amazing people I have ever met. They have patience with me, and they have really taught me a lot over the past few months. I think one of those things is an inner strength that I thought I had, but didn't realize how strong I had it.”
Later, they note, “I do have hope for us. John right now is in China filming a movie. I hate to say perfect timing, but it's giving us this time in life to see what we really want for the future.”
Mike Pont/WireImage
In April, Bella ended their engagement three weeks before the wrestlers' May 5 wedding date. Sources previously told PEOPLE that their decision to call it quits was due to their differing stances on marriage and having kids.
In May, Bella and Cena, 41, were spotted out for the first time in San Diego together, four weeks after the breakup announcement.
“For all of you who are going to get married, who are engaged or who are married, I think you understand this is forever. And I don't want to be someone who has a divorce or who has kids and then gets a divorce,” Bella explains. “I truly want to walk down that aisle, and I want to give my vows, and I want this to be one time, so there are a lot of issues that I had to deal with and really what I wanted for the rest of my life. I'm just beyond grateful that I have this amazing man who is staying by my side and helping me fight through these issues and helping me become an even better person.
“Hopefully one day, we will get back together. And if we don't, we just both want each other to be very, very happy. … I am very lucky to be their best friend and if I don't, in the end, become their wife, I am lucky to have shared the most amazing six years of my life with that person.”
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Bella concludes their video with a preview of the rest of the season of Total Bellas — including their bachelorette party! — and a warning about its conclusion.
“The season finale is very tough,” they say. “I will just warn you all. It's very honest and raw and real and you will see why John and I are where we're at today.”
Total Bellas airs Sundays at 9 p.m. ET on E!.
April 13 Smart Information Technology Global :
* Says it will issue 3.4 million shares of the company in private placement, at 580 won/share, to raise 2.0 billion won in proceeds for operations
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/xXGFSk
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 3 Delphi Automotive Plc:
* Delphi announces plans for tax-free spin-off of powertrain segment
* Delphi automotive - following transaction, which is expected to be completed by March 2018, delphi shareholders will own shares of both companies
* Delphi automotive plc - timothy manganello, will become non-executive chairperson of new powertrain company's board of directors upon separation
* Delphi automotive plc- upon completion of planned spin-off, delphi shareholders will receive shares of powertrain via a pro rata special distribution
* Delphi automotive plc - manganello was most recently chairperson of board and chief executive officer of borgwarner, inc
* Says powertrain intends to have its ordinary shares listed on new york stock exchange
* Delphi automotive plc- powertrain intends to have its ordinary shares listed on new york stock exchange
* Delphi automotive - liam butterworth, currently senior vice president and president, powertrain systems, will become president and ceo of new entity.
* Delphi automotive plc - upon completion of planned spin-off, delphi shareholders will receive shares of powertrain via a pro rata special distribution.
* Delphi automotive plc - powertrain intends to have its ordinary shares listed on new york stock exchange. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 Yellow Pages Ltd:
* Yellow Pages Limited announces two additional nominees for election as directors at its 2017 annual meeting of shareholders
* Yellow Pages Ltd - board of directors of company has decided to increase size of board from 10 directors to 12 directors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Britain Soccer Football - Hull City v Middlesbrough - Premier League - The Kingston Communications Stadium - 5/4/17 Middlesbrough caretaker manager Steve Agnew as Hull City manager Marco Silva looks on Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
Caretaker manager Steve Agnew is eager to find the right balance between attack and defence for Middlesbrough after the club slipped seven points from Premier League safety following Wednesday's 4-2 loss at fellow strugglers Hull City.
Middlesbrough is the league's lowest scorers with 22 goals and have relied heavily on their defence to secure points this season, but their back four was left brutally exposed at Hull when an emphasis was placed on attack.
"The risk has to be calculated. We have to stay in games... we have to be a threat going forward and find the balance," Agnew told British media.
"That's 'can we score a goal?' but also know clean sheets can help us win games."
Middlesbrough, who have a game in hand on 17th-placed Hull, are without a win in their last 13 league games and Agnew admitted their side will likely need to defy the odds if they hope to maintain their top flight status next season.
"It's difficult now, it's a huge challenge, but it's not one that we can't achieve," the 51-year-old added. "We've got a group of players who'll fight until the very end and we have game in hand on some teams, and a home game on Saturday."
Middlesbrough host 14th-placed Burnley at the Riverside Stadium on Saturday.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
A man who said they acted in self-defense was arrested this week after they allegedly stabbed another man during an altercation.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
Maybe it's a sign that we're not yet ready to earn respect in the global hoops stage
Published 2:40 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Before the shove by RR Pogoy that commenced one of the most unflattering moments in the history of Philippine basketball, before the free-for-all ruckus that goes against everything this country stands for when it comes to its hospitality, and even before the defiance of Gilas head coach Chot Reyes, Terrence Romeo, and a number of guys on the team after the dust had settled, this much was beyond reproach:
The Philippines was getting its ass kicked by Australia. On the court. Playing actual basketball.
To a degree, weighing the importance of that feels moot given the events that transpired after the Philippine national team went down by 31, 79-48, with 4 minutes left in the 3rd quarter, and the punishments that could result from it. But this is still the world stage, with a trip to the 2019 FIBA World Cup on the line – something our boys prepare years for – so it's more than worth mentioning.
Take the basketball part of it into account, and it makes you realize how much more unbecoming it is of the national team to participate in the actions that stole the headlines not just here or in Australia, but all over the world.
Can't beat them by putting the ball in a hole more times, so we revert to throwing fists, chairs, and water bottles?
That's not a cry of national pride or “Puso.”
It's a display of arrogance and a sign that maybe, just maybe, we're not yet ready to earn the respect in the global hoops stage that we've craved for so long.
More on that later. For now, let's turn to the actual reason why there was a game being played in Bocaue, Bulacan.
Clinic
The Boomers, entering the Philippine Arena on Monday, July 2, after being dealt a painful loss by Japan, looked absolutely prepared to take on a Philippine team that was coming in with confidence following a dominant victory against Chinese-Taipei, not to mention the support of an entire nation behind them.
Gilas kept it close for one quarter, until Matthew Dellavedova, James Goulding, and the rest of Australia provided the Philippines with a clinic on what it takes to make it to the highest level of FIBA competition.
While Romeo, Jayson Castro, and even former NBA player turned naturalized Filipino Andray Blatche had an immensely difficult time penetrating the stifling defense of the longer and bigger Australians, the Boomers ran circles around the Gilas defense.
Like clockwork, Dellavedova and the other guards of their national team attacked the Philippines' shorter defenders and made the basketball look like a boomerang with how often and quick it was changing hands. Confused, the Philippines spent more time running back to open Australian shooters instead of putting hands on their faces (well, at least not yet) to contest jumpers, resulting in 3-pointers and jumpers hitting nothing but the bottom of the net.
Every time June Mar Fajardo, the clear-cut future of the Philippine basketball program, scored in the paint to spark momentum for the trailing national team, Australia quickly derailed it by playing simple basketball that cerebrally sliced through Gilas' resistance like a hot knife through butter. While it was easy for the Boomers to predict who the Philippines would go to for a basket, it remained a mystery the other way around.
Temperamental
By the end of the game, which finished via default, Australia was on top 89-53 after converting 13-of-26 from downtown, shooting 61.5% from the floor, and dishing out 24 assists to only 9 turnovers. In comparison, Gilas hit only 5-of-18 from long range, converted only 40% of their total shots, and accounted for only 10 assists while turning the ball over 18 times.
By halftime, the score was 57-32 in favor of Australia. Everyone knew the game was over.
What they didn't know, was that another game was only about to begin.
Context is important, especially when you decide what should be right and wrong.
According to Reyes, Australian player Daniel Kickert was “hitting” the Philippines' players during warm-ups. But hitting how, exactly? Is there any video footage that proves this? Shouldn't it have been something reported to game officials before fate gets tempted and tempers flare during the actual contest?
It was evident through the first 3 quarters that the match between both teams – who pride themselves in physical play – was getting more temperamental than usual. Elbows were flying, trash-talking was prevalent, and one team was getting beaten to a pulp – to the point where competitive pride turns into a ticking time bomb. It was the perfect recipe for disaster.
Some of these things are uncontrollable, given the physical nature of the game.
But here's what can be controlled, and why the actions of the Philippine team were inexcusable: how you react to situations is in your power. More importantly: it defines your character.
And with all due respect to the Philippine national team, which over the past few years have given the citizens of this country many reasons to be proud, Monday night was a display of terrible judgment and principle on their part.
"I understand the disappointment, I understand that some are embarrassed, but you don't know what happened. You have to be in the team, you have to be in our circle to really understand what went down," said Reyes, the national team's head coach.
Group selfie
To a certain degree, he's right, because national teams are supposed to feel like a brotherhood, and to be fair to Reyes, they gave these comments not long after everything had transpired so emotions may have still been a little rampant. Although in the larger picture, especially with FIBA sanctions on its way, even a simple apology would have been nice. And while Reyes' fighter spirit has become their basketball personality, a little more sympathy would have been ideal.
And before you dismiss that thought, ask yourself if 5 or 10 years from now, when the Philippines, Australia, and the entire world looks back on what happened Monday night: will they remember it as the day the Philippines flexed their muscles, quite literally, against the bigger, stronger Boomers?
Or will they remember it as the day when Gilas lost its cool, the team's bench cleared out, leaping punches were thrown, chairs were tossed at heads, and water bottles came flying from the stands?
Oh, and let's not forget the group selfie, either.
“They started it!” some will argue. That's not a legitimate excuse. Sometimes, when someone throws a stone at you, you don't need to throw a larger rock in return. Not when there's so much more on the line than proving your toughness. It's better to take the high road.
Hospitality
This doesn't mean Australia's national team is absolved of any wrongdoings. Kickert's decking of Pogoy after the initial shove played as big a part as any, if not bigger, in developing what we'll now remember as Bulacan Sapakan, and it was absolutely fair to expect Australia to apologize for the roles they played, which, to be fair, they did.
And on the flip side, it was also a great decision by the Samahang Basketbol ng Pilipinas (SBP) to apologize for the actions of the Philippine team, as well:
“As hosts, we regret having breached the bounds of traditional Filipino hospitality. As the national team representing flag and country, we likewise extend our apologies to the Filipino people.
“SBP stands by its conviction that violence has no place in sports.”
Like it or not, the Philippines is more at fault for how badly things escalated on Monday evening, regardless of how much intimidation Australia used to get an upper hand before or during the game. In a sport that's supposed to bring people from different nations together, in a game when you're representing your fellow countrymen, you don't leave the impression of violence.
Does saying Gilas was in the wrong mean you're not nationalistic? Absolutely not. Romeo is one of the future faces of the Philippines; a player whose talents will bring more eyes to the national team, so it was disappointing to see them tweet out that those who find what Gilas did as embarrassing should convert to Australian – an immature response from an important figure to a volatile situation.
Apology
There's no doubt that what happened in Bocaue will be remembered for the wrongs reasons. Truth be told, it most likely pulled the national team a few steps back from reaching where it wants to be in the world stage, especially with how much the Philippines promotes itself as the most basketball-loving nation in the world. After what happened against Australia, right now, that may be a little hard to believe.
So what transpires next will be of most importance. What steps will the national team and the powers behind it take as a reaction will say a lot about the group that represents what the Philippines stands for in the world stage. An apology is a great start, but more has to be done. Will certain players be disallowed from participating in international play? Will restraint be a more important focus as the team participates in future competitions?
Keeping mum or sticking to the status quo is an unacceptable course of action. We know that FIBA will undoubtedly not go easy. They will be watching. So will many other nations.
On Monday evening, the national team did not live up to the high standards it should have for itself. Doing the right thing is often more difficult than the alternative, but it's still the right thing to do.
We can only hope that moving forward, if a similar situation ever presents itself, the outcome will be different.
Because what happened in Bulacan will forever be in history. If we're lucky, there won't ever be a sequel. – Rappler.com
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Python Developer
Jnr-Mid Python Developer is wanted for a well-established technology solutions company in the Cape Town North area.
The client is growing their core products and have exciting new projects in the pipeline.
Qualifications & Requirements:
– Relevant tertiary qualification (Software Development or Computer Science)
– 1-3+ years' experience with Python/ Django
Experience in the following is a plus:
– Guide and implement software and product design
– Produce code in line with project requirements
– Perform and request code reviews
– Write and maintain unit and functional test
– Debugging software for optimum functioning
– Reproducing and locate source of reported bugs and issues
– Fix bugs and issues
– Communicate errors and solutions to product owners
– Maintaining software and related repositories and databases
*Please send links or project experience and Skills Matrix and academic transcripts with your profile for better feedback.
Should you meet the requirements for this position, please email your CV to (email address) or fax to (contact number). You can also contact Justine on (contact number) or alternatively visit our website on www.hireresolve.co.za
Correspondence will only be conducted with short listed candidates. Should you not hear from us within 3 working days after the closing date, please consider your application unsuccessful.
Hire Resolve offers a R1000 for any candidate that is referred and placed through Hire Resolve. Hire Resolve also offers a R1000 job spec fee for any referral that results in a placement through Hire Resolve. If your company is looking for any IT, Finance or Engineering staff, please email us at (email address) with the company name, a contact person and contact email or number of the person doing the hiring. We will keep the referral strictly confidential.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Firing a school record low round, the Barton Community College women's golf team earned the program's eighth straight trip to the national championships as four Lady Cougars finished in the region's top ten in the 36-hole Region VI Championship held at Hutchinson's Carey Park Golf Course.
The Lady Cougars dug a nineteen stroke deficit after the opening round of the Championship on Sunday, cutting three strokes off the margin Monday as all four team members shot sub-80 for the school record 308. Shaving thirty-one strokes off the first round 339, Barton tallied a 647 for the two days in placing a runner-up sixteen strokes behind defending champion Dodge City Community College's 631 (320-311) as five Conquistadors were within the top five of the leaderboard. Coffeyville also had a good closing day of action, improving their team score by twenty strokes to place third at 724 (372-352).
Mutita Booranakunamanee continued Barton's string of four straight individual champions, as the 46th ranked first-year student from Thailand charged from an 81 third place standing after Sunday's round in firing a 1-under 71 to win the title by four strokes at 8-over 152.
The three other Lady Cougars matched final rounds of 79 to hold their day one position, with No. 77 ranked Lucia Rodriguez Zapico finishing tied with Dodge City's Tanyaporn Chothirunpanit for 6th place overall with a 163. 45th ranked Vilma Efraimsson and 96th ranked Kendra Jellisonrounded out the Barton record breaking team score, posting identical 87 opening rounds for a 166 total in tying for 8th place. Miranda Kernplaced 11th overall to earn the alternate spot as the 100th ranked player carded 91 and 89 rounds to finish with a 180.
The well-balanced Conquistadors took the 2nd through the 6th place tie spots, with first round leader and 27th ranked Napaknaree Sirithorn the only player to card sub-80's in both rounds with a 77 and 79 for a 156. Two strokes behind was No. 29 Suthasinee Sridet who catapulted up the ranks from an opening 84 sixth place standing to fire the final day's second best round of 2-over 74 for a 158 total. Odette Booysen's 82 and 78 rounds were good for a 4th place 160 score while 62nd ranked Kanyakorn Chothirunpanit placed fifth at 161 (81-80).
Coffeyville's Jordan Lee rounded out the top ten individuals with a 170 as the 117th ranked player carded 88 and 82 rounds.
Finishing in the nation's top-fourteen the past four seasons, Barton will shoot for another high placing on the national stage competing at the 2018 NJCAA Women's Golf Championship held May 14-17 at Longbow Golf Club located in Mesa, Arizona.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Quick Draw Evening' game
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Indiana Lottery's "Quick Draw Evening" game were:
02-08-10-13-19-24-25-30-32-38-39-42-47-51-54-60-62-66-74-77, BE: 2
(two, eight, ten, thirteen, nineteen, twenty-four, twenty-five, thirty, thirty-two, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty-two, forty-seven, fifty-one, fifty-four, sixty, sixty-two, sixty-six, seventy-four, seventy-seven; BE: two)
Scroll for more content...
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt and their aides have kept "secret" calendars and schedules to overtly hide controversial meetings or calls with industry representatives and others, according to a former EPA official who is expected to soon testify before Congress. A review of EPA documents by CNN found discrepancies between Pruitt's official calendar and other records.
EPA staffers met routinely in Pruitt's office to "scrub," alter or remove from Pruitt's official calendar numerous records because they might "look bad," according to Kevin Chmielewski, Pruitt's former deputy chief of staff for operations, who attended the meetings.
A CNN review which compared Pruitt's public calendar with internal EPA schedules and emails shows more than two dozen meetings, events or calls were omitted from their public calendar.
Chmielewski said that some interactions were intentionally removed from Pruitt's calendar after they occurred, such as meetings in June 2017 between Pruitt and Cardinal George Pell, who was charged weeks later with multiple historical charges of sexual offenses. Pell has pleaded not guilty.
"We would have meetings what we were going to take off on the official schedule. We had at one point three different schedules. One of them was one that no one else saw except three or four of us," Chmielewski told CNN. "It was a secret ... and they would decide what to nix from the public calendar."
Chmielewski says they were forced to leave the EPA in February after raising questions about Pruitt's spending and management.
If the allegations are true, the practice of keeping secret calendars and altering or deleting records of meetings could violate federal law as either "falsifying records" or hiding public records, according to legal experts interviewed by CNN.
"If somebody changed, deleted, scrubbed a federal record with the intent of deceiving the public or intent of deceiving anybody, it could very well be a violation of federal law," said Larry Noble, a former general counsel at the Federal Election Commission.
Chmielewski said Pruitt's aides would print sections of the private calendar containing details of events, gather around a table, sometimes in Pruitt's office, and decide what would be omitted or altered on the public calendar. They said this often occurred under Pruitt's direction.
CNN has reached out to EPA repeatedly for comment on the allegations.
Chmielewski's description of hiding controversial events from the public appears to be supported by discrepancies between Pruitt's public calendar posted on the EPA's website and internal schedules, emails and travel itineraries that have been released by the agency in response to public records requests and lawsuits filed by the Sierra Club and Environmental Integrity Project.
While some of the omitted events CNN uncovered consisted of meetings with other government officials -- such as a lunch with Kellyanne Conway -- others involved meetings with industry executives and attorneys.
For example, Pruitt's public EPA schedule shows that their final meeting for the day of April 26, 2017, was with Australia's environmental minister, but an internal calendar shows that later the same day they attended a dinner at the BLT Prime restaurant inside Trump International Hotel hosted by coal producer Alliance Resource Partners and its CEO, Joseph Craft.
Craft, who donated $1 million to President Donald Trump's inauguration and has given millions more to mostly Republican candidates and committees, has advocated for the rollback of former President Barack Obama's coal-industry regulations.
While Pruitt's public calendar notes that they met with former Sen. Trent Lott in September 2017, their internal schedule shows that the meeting also included Anthony Chiarello, the then-CEO of shipping company TOTE. Chiarello and Pruitt discussed TOTE's ships and their fuel sources, according to documents and a TOTE spokesperson.
Seven of the undisclosed meetings involved individuals who were nominated or reportedly under consideration for EPA positions.
CNN has repeatedly asked EPA officials about the allegations and why the EPA calendar omits some information shown in internal records. The agency has not returned CNN's messages or calls.
The EPA's website with Pruitt's calendar states that it "displays meetings with staff, stakeholders, elected officials, and others outside the Agency."
Chmielewski said some events were only recorded in a "secret" calendar and have not been made public in documents released by the EPA.
In June 2017, Pruitt took a controversial trip to Italy that cost taxpayers $120,000. While there they dined with Cardinal Pell, a top Vatican official known for denying climate change who was then under investigation for claims of prior sexual offenses.
The dinner never appeared on Pruitt's official calendar. An EPA spokesperson previously said Pell was one of many at the dinner and that Pruitt was unaware the cardinal was coming there. Chmielewski says that is not true.
"All of our time at the Vatican was spent with Cardinal Pell. Cardinal Pell was basically our host. I mean, that was who we were going to meet with," Chmielewski said.
They said that in addition to dinner, Pruitt had two additional meetings with Pell that have not been previously reported. One was a lunch with Pell. The other was part of a Vatican tour. Chmielewski said they witnessed Pell greet Pruitt when Pruitt arrived at the Vatican, which is also supported by an internal EPA itinerary that at the time of Pruitt's arrival states, "Will meet Cardinal Pell."
About three weeks after the trip, Pell was charged in Australia with sexual assault offenses, and Pruitt's aides decided to remove Pell's name from the yet-to-be-released official EPA schedule, Chmielewski said.
"Once we came back and the Cardinal was actually charged with the offenses, I alerted [top EPA staff] and that's when it was basically taken off the schedule that we met with Cardinal Pell," Chmielewski said. Pell has vigorously denied the charges.
Chmielewski said EPA aides would disguise the details of some of Pruitt's meetings or calls by labeling them "staff briefing" on their public schedule.
On Oct 18 at 10:30 a.m., Pruitt's official calendar states, "Staff Briefing." But internal scheduling documents mark that time as "Meeting: Orange County Superfund Site," and emails show private attorneys representing a local water district confirmed that they would attend the meeting, which was originally requested on their behalf by conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt. Politico first reported that meeting.
William Ruckelshaus, the nation's first EPA administrator selected to start the agency by President Richard Nixon, and who was tapped again to be the administrator under President Ronald Reagan, told CNN they first began a long-running practice of publicly releasing the schedules of senior EPA officials. They said Pruitt should not meet with industry representatives or stakeholders without fully disclosing those interactions to the public.
"That destroys trust, and these regulatory agencies need trust. If they don't have it, they're in real trouble," Ruckelshaus said.
Representatives of former EPA Administrators Christine Todd Whitman (former Republican governor of New Jersey) and Gina McCarthy told CNN they sought to accurately publicize all meetings and calls with industry and environmental stakeholders.
Pruitt is facing at least 14 federal probes regarding their spending, management and ethics.
By Michael Angelo S. Murillo, Senior Reporter
BATANG Gilas dropped its third straight game at the FIBA U17 Basketball World Cup on Wednesday but not after pushing to the limit host Argentina at the Newell's Old Boys in Rosario. A battle of two winless teams in Group D of the tournament, the Filipinos crowded the hosts for much of the contest but just could not complete the task, slumping to the 74-71 defeat.
The two teams had it close to start the match before Argentina made a 14-7 run in the last five minutes of the opening frame to build a 20-13 lead at the end of the first canto.
Batang Gilas would find its offensive groove in the second quarter with Terrence Fortea leading the way.
It would outscore Argentina, 19-16, in the period to narrow its deficit to just four points, 36-32, by the halftime break.
The Philippines continued with its charge back in the second half, trailing by just two points, 58-56, at the end of the third period, and taking the lead altogether, 64-61, at the 7:15 mark of the fourth period after Fortea drained a three-pointer.
But Argentina regained its footing, going on a 13-4 run in the next five minutes to hold a 74-68 lead entering the last two minutes.
It tried to build on it but the Philippines would step up their defense.
Fortea pulled the Philippines three points closer, 74-71, with a trifecta with 27 seconds to go.
A passing error by Juan Cruz Scacchi gave the Philippines a window to tie the count and send the game into overtime, but three-point attempts by Kai Sotto and Gerry Abadiano as time expired failed to connect, handing the victory to Argentina.
Fortea and Abadiano led Batang Gilas with 17 points each while Sotto had 13 points, 15 rebounds and four blocks.
Argentina, meanwhile, was paced by Juan Francisco Fernandez with 15 points, followed by Ezequiel Paz and Agustin Cavalin with 11 and 10 points, respectively.
With the loss, Batang Gilas stayed in the cellar of Group D with a 0-3 record.
It will face undefeated and Group C top team Canada in the knockout Round of 16 early Thursday morning (Manila time).
I walk across the area carpet in my living room and think, ‘This carpet is 15 years-plus old, and we've spilled all kinds of liquids on it, and we never bought a pad for it. And yet, it's so beautiful. And it was made in Iran.' I acknowledge that in early May, President Trump called the 2015 landmark agreement with Iran “decaying and rotten” and said the U.S. would not be held hostage and that the highest level of sanctions would be imposed. Do I continue to enjoy the carpet?
My diamonds are modest, so I've never given a second thought to whether they are blood/conflict/war diamonds – those mined to finance war efforts. Should I?
And when I bought wooden African masks, I verified the country of origin – Ghana. I noted they were handcrafted as opposed to machine crafted, and I was satisfied. Did I have an obligation to verify that the artists were appropriately compensated?
I subscribe to the Sunday edition of the New York Times, and as I read the Style Magazine of the May 20 edition, I noted page after page of designers hawking their latest wares: clothing, jewelry, home décor –culturally appropriated. Or was it appreciation?
A friend Tom Galloway responded to a recent column on this subject by posting a photo of a black man and a black child at the door of an urban slum dwelling. Galloway wrote, “This painting was in my grandparents' living room for as long as I can remember. There was something about it as I was always drawn to it. It was one of the few things I asked for when we cleaned out their house. Only recently I questioned the racial issue you mentioned. I only saw an old man, watching a young boy play.”
David Fair also responded to that column: “As I read your editorial … my jaw hit the floor. It never occurred to me that someone would be shamed, ridiculed or offend others by wearing a traditional style of clothing from a culture not of their own.”
Then, Fair details the Asian clothing they wear and the art they possess and writes, “No one has ever made a negative comment or a disapproving glance. In my opinion Keziah Daum was the victim of POLITICAL CORRECTNESS GONE MAD!!!!”
Columnist for County NEWS ONLINE Lois Wilson writes, “Think of all the things you use each day, the food you enjoy, the clothes you wear, the holidays you celebrate … Aren't we a composite of all our country's cultures and the people we've interacted with over the years?
“If you think this is cultural appropriation and that is a negative, then turn in your Levis – go back to Eden. There you'll find your fig leaf.”
So I've shared a few opinions, and I hope you're still reading as I share yet another comment on this subject sent to me at my request by Dr. Jessica Ayo Alabi, who is chair of a sociology, gender and ethnic studies department at a California college.
Alabi writes, “I'm really careful about cultural appropriation accusations, so I take a position of cultural humility, assuming that most have cultural ignorance and consume the culture of other people without regard for the actual people.
“In other instances, particularly with the dominant group, their culture is often imposed on others. That's not cultural appropriation but assimilation. However, the minority may happily embrace it in order to fit in and experience upward mobility.
“Cultural appropriation then is always about power: who has the power to wear another person's cultural dress.” The prices in “I Dreamed of Africa” in that recent New York Times section verify this: sweater $1,790., scarf $ 1,250, skirt $790 and statements of “prices on request.”
Alabi's words are thought-provoking and wise. Them final sentences say something most of us know and embrace: “Most people of color are not honored when people take their culture and put it on like minstrels. They prefer that you honor and respect the actual people who truly live the culture. Don't try to do the culture in black face.”
In conclusion, let's be respectful, of course, but let's also shine a light on other issues we face as a nation and seek solutions: poverty, misogyny, racism, homophobia, domestic terrorism and a host of other matters.
Comments: vbblevins@woh.rr.com
https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Vivian-latest-2-4.jpg
By Dr. Vivian Blevins Contributing Columnist
Vivian B. Blevins. Ph.D., a graduate of The Ohio State University, served as a community college president for 15 years in Kentucky, Texas, California, and Missouri before returning to Ohio to teach telecommunication employees from around the country and students at Edison State Community College and to work with veterans. You may reach them at 937-778-3815 or vbblevins@woh.rr.com. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
Vivian B. Blevins. Ph.D., a graduate of The Ohio State University, served as a community college president for 15 years in Kentucky, Texas, California, and Missouri before returning to Ohio to teach telecommunication employees from around the country and students at Edison State Community College and to work with veterans. You may reach them at 937-778-3815 or vbblevins@woh.rr.com. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
May 2 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen to open 24.6 points higher on Tuesday, according to financial bookmakers. * ASTRAZENECA: The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Monday granted accelerated approval to AstraZeneca Plc's immuno-oncology drug to treat a type of bladder cancer in patients whose disease progressed following chemotherapy. * LLOYDS: British bank Lloyds Banking Group denied claims of a credit card 'time bomb' and shrugged off concerns that its practice of booking revenue upfront from customers who have interest-free periods on their credit cards, The Times reported on Tuesday. ttp://bit.ly/2p2CJPa * BP: BP plans to complete by mid-2018 the Georgian section of a $40-billion strategic pipeline bringing Caspian gas from Azerbaijan into Europe, the British energy company's country manager for Georgia said. * BHP: Elliott Management representatives will meet with BHP Billiton's shareholders in Australia this week as the activist investor pushes for strategic changes at the world's biggest miner, two sources familiar with the matter said on Monday. * BP: Two crude distillation units are expected back to normal production levels by Friday night at BP Plc's 413,500 barrels per day (bpd) Whiting, Indiana refinery, sources familiar with plant operations said on Friday. * OIL: Oil prices edged down on Monday on worries that OPEC-led production cuts may not significantly tighten an oversupplied market in the short term despite talk of extending them. * The UK blue chip index closed 0.5 percent lower at 7,203.94 points, on Friday, as disappointing results weighed on banking heavyweight Barclays , with UK blue chips sealing their biggest one-month fall since November 2016. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: Aberdeen Asset Management Plc Half Year 2017 Earnings Release BP Plc Q1 2017 Earnings Release Shire Plc Q1 2017 Earnings Release TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Harish Bhaskar)
With the news that the number of deaths in the UK caused by prostate cancer has overtaken breast cancer-related deaths for the first time, there has never been a better time to spread awareness about the disease.
Here, prostate cancer survivor David Kurk recounts their own story – and reiterates the point that getting tested is crucial, even if the results aren't foolproof.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
February 15, 2017
by The Canadian Press
BRUSSELS—The European Union's parliament approved a trade deal with Canada, extolling the pact as a sign of co-operation at a time when many political forces are trying to halt globalization.
After three hours of debate on Wednesday on Feb. 15, and years of early negotiations, The Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement between Canada and the European Union—also known as CETA—was adoted by a vote of 408-254 with 33 abstentions.
The vote should close the drawn-out approval process across the 28 member states, where some governments and legislation had tried to modify or scupper the deal. The Netherlands could conceivably still block the deal if it demands an advisory national referendum.
The vote for a major trade agreement comes at a time when populist parties in Europe and President Donald Trump in the United States, have been looking increasingly inward.
Trump has nixed a trade deal with Pacific countries, said they want to renegotiate or replace the North American Free Trade Agreement and floated the idea of tariffs on imports.
“President Trump has given us another good reason to intensify our links with Canada—while Trump introduces tariffs, we are not only tearing them down but also setting the highest progressive standards,” said Guy Verhofstadt, the leader of the ALDE liberal group.
EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker called the vote “an important milestone” and said “EU companies and citizens will start to reap the benefits the agreement offers as soon as possible.”
Confident the deal would pass, Canadian International Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne was already in Strasbourg.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is set to address the legislature on Feb. 16—a first for a Canadian leader—and to address top business leaders a day later in Germany.
The deal will drop barriers between the EU's economy of half a billion people and Canada's 35 million. Trade between the two sides amounts to more than 60 billion euros ($63 billion) a year, and the EU expects the so-called CETA deal to boost this by 20 per cent by removing almost all tariffs.
Critics say it could dilute standards for food safety or labour rights by giving more power to big corporations.
Outside the EU parliament, concerns about the deal's implications were palpable among activists and protesters.
“What will happen is more and more deregulation, less social protection for citizens, for small companies, for independent workers,” said Maika Fernandes, who had travelled from Alicante, southern Spain. “No one will be able to compete with the multinationals. It will be a financial Europe that will favour only big multinationals.”
EU trade chief Cecilia Malmstrom tried to assuage those concerns saying it “will not change food safety standards or any other EU requirements. Only the EU institutions can do that.”
The deal was approved because three of the four major groups in the EU parliament backed it—the EPP Christian Democrats, the ECR Conservatives and the ALDE liberals. The far-right and far-left and a sizable part of the socialist S&D group opposed it.
Here are some facts about the deal:
Canada is the EU's 12th most important trading partner. The EU is Canada's second-largest trading partner after the U.S. and accounts for nearly 10 per cent of its external trade.
In 2014, Canadian exports to the EU totalled $39.5 billion, with imports at $53 billion.
The EU has a population of more than 500 million and a nominal GDP of almost $18 trillion.
The agreement would eliminate about 98 per cent of the tariffs on both sides of the deal.
A joint Canada-EU study concluded that the trade agreement could increase bilateral trade by 20 per cent annually and boost Canada's income by $12 billion annually.
The study suggested the economic benefit of the agreement would be equivalent to creating almost 80,000 new jobs or increasing the average Canadian household's annual income by $1,000.
The first round of negotiations was held in Ottawa in October 2009 and an agreement in principle was announced four years later. After fine-tuning some contentious clauses, a final legal text was released in February 2016.
Adoption of the deal in Europe was nearly scuttled by Wallonia, a Belgian region of 3.6 million people. A final round of negotiation saved the agreement from a Walloon veto that would have ended seven tough years of talks.
Associated Press video journalist Oleg Cetinic contributed from Strasbourg, France
It was two years ago that Jessa Gillaspie and Becky McCabe went on their first date to the Memphis Zoo to attend the park's popular Zoo Brew event. On Friday, the couple returned to the site where their love began, but both women —unknowingly to each other — brought along engagement rings for a surprise double proposal that was captured on video.
The couple initially met as grad students at the University of Memphis and it was while at the Memphis Zoo that the two first opened up about their feelings for each other, and have been together ever since.
When the duo found out that the zoo was once again throwing the beer-themed night, Jess and McCabe invited their same group of friends who came along the night of their first date. But then, without telling each other, the two individually recognized that returning to the zoo would be a perfect place to pop the big question.
“We knew we definitely wanted to get married someday and talked about what kind of rings we liked, but we decided early on we didn't want to tell each other when it was going to happen,” Gillaspie, 28, from Memphis, tells PEOPLE. “But we knew it was going to happen at some point — just didn't know when or how because we wanted those parts to be a surprise.”
But McCabe, 25, is the one who recognized the opportunity first, and quickly started concocting a plan with a friend to help with their proposal idea.
Becky McCabe and Jessa Gillaspie Courtesy Jessa Gillaspie
RELATED: Man Proposes to Girlfriend and Them Sister with Down Syndrome: ‘We're a Package Deal'
“I set it up with one of my best friends earlier, we had been planning for a few weeks,” McCabe, originally from New Jersey, says. “I told my friend to pretend like they were taking a picture of us while we were at the zoo, but to actually take a video since I was going to propose.”
Gillaspie, on the other hand, didn't think of proposing until that same morning.
“I'm the more spontaneous one between the both of us, and I've had the ring for a while, but I was waiting for the perfect moment,” they explain. “It just happened to be the morning of Zoo Brew that I realized all of our friends are going to be there and it's where we had our first date — and I thought, I should propose to them there! So I threw the ring in my purse like an hour before!”
So when the time came to set McCabe's plan in motion, they had Gillaspie set up for a picture just outside of the park. As they posed for the photo, Becky dropped to one knee, revealed their ring and asked Gillaspie to marry her—and that's when Gillaspie burst out laughing and quickly rummaged through their purse.
“When they got down on one knee, I was like, ‘Oh my gosh!'” Gillaspie remembers. “I was thinking, ‘Wait, I wanted to propose to you!'”
A few moments later, they showed McCabe they had brought along an engagement ring, as well.
“The love at that moment was crazy,” McCabe says. “We never expected that to happen!”
Jessa Gillaspie and Becky McCabe
RELATED: Pilot Fakes a Small Plane Emergency to Propose to Their Girlfriend
Though you might not be able to make it out in the video — which has now gone viral with almost a million views on Facebook — Gillaspie did say yes, and the two are planning to have their wedding ceremony about a year from now.
“Jessa is just such a fabulous human being, they totally pulled me out of my comfort zone,” McCabe says of them now fiance. “I feel so comfortable around them and they still, two years later, makes my heart flutter when I see them and everything has just been so amazing. I couldn't ask for a better person to spend the rest of my life with.”
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
The couple now hopes that everyone that comes across their video can also find their own happiness and love with a significant other.
“After the first week of us being together, I knew they were never leaving my side as long as they want to be there,” Gillaspie says. “I hope everyone in this world can find their soul mate in the way that I found Becky. I'm so glad there was such positive reaction and that so many people got a smile out of it. It was the highlight of our lives.”
New Delhi: Delhi has once again witnessed a spike in air pollution levels.
According to the System of Air Quality and Weather Forecasting And Research (SAFAR), the air quality is reported to be 'very poor' since today morning.
The SAFAR forecast said that PM 10 was recorded at 289 and PM 2.5 at 177. The minimum temperature recorded by the Met department was at 8.2 degrees Celsius.
On December 8, the air quality index was 194, which is 'moderate', according to the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB).
This was the first time in two months that the air quality had improved to a large extent. It remained in the 'moderate' category till December 10. Due to decreased visibility, at least ten trains were cancelled and 17 were delayed. Two others have been rescheduled. The visibility was down to 1,200 metres. Due to decreased visibility, at least ten trains were cancelled and 17 were delayed. Two others have been rescheduled. The visibility was down to 1,200 metres. On Sunday, around 19 trains were cancelled and 19 others were delayed, due to fog in several parts of northern India. Seven of them were rescheduled. On Sunday, around 19 trains were cancelled and 19 others were delayed, due to fog in several parts of northern India. Seven of them were rescheduled. An official at Indian Meterological Department (IMD) said, "There is a possibility of light rains in the evening today. The maximum temperature is expected to hover around 27 degrees Celsius. An official at Indian Meterological Department (IMD) said, "There is a possibility of light rains in the evening today. The maximum temperature is expected to hover around 27 degrees Celsius. The humidity level recorded at 8.30 a.m was 92 percent. The humidity level recorded at 8.30 a.m was 92 percent. The minimum temperature recorded yesterday was at 7.4 degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature settled at 27.2 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature recorded yesterday was at 7.4 degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature settled at 27.2 degrees Celsius.
St. Vincent de Paul Community Pharmacy's mission is simple: "To provide prescription medication and wellness education for those in need." For the past 20 years, it has lived up to that mission, serving nearly 4,000 people in South Mississippi and dispensing more than $12 million dollars in free medication.
Audio of Wednesday morning's shooting in Alexandria, VA at a congressional Republican baseball practice has surfaced, per a report from The Hill.
The audio was offered by Tryshah Taylor, a woman who recorded the from nearby shortly after the incident was underway.
Five people, including House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA), were hospitalized as a result of the shooting.
(h/t The Hill)
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
WASHINGTON A Republican-backed Senate rule change expected on Thursday could make it more likely that presidents will pick ideologically extreme U.S. Supreme Court nominees with little incentive to choose centrist justices, experts said.
With a deep partisan divide in Washington, Democrats are using a procedural tactic called a filibuster to try to block confirmation of President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Republican-led Senate.
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has threatened to change long-standing rules in the 100-seat Senate if the Democrats succeed with the filibuster in order to prohibit the tactic against Supreme Court nominees. That would mean such nominees could be confirmed by a simple majority rather than needing to first muster a 60-vote super-majority.
Experts said the rule change, called the "nuclear option," could produce an ever-more ideologically polarized Supreme Court. Over the years with the Senate narrowly divided, the filibuster rule has meant that presidents have needed to make appointments who could win at least a few votes from the other party.
For the court, the prospect of a filibuster has shaped the way presidents pick nominees, said Stephen Wermiel, a Supreme Court scholar at the American University Washington College of Law.
"Although it has not been widely used, the idea that it was there as a deterrent to presidents appointing justices who might be considered extreme has been a significant factor," Wermiel said.
Republican Senator John McCain, a defender of Senate traditions, warned of the consequences of the rule change, though they said they would reluctantly support the move.
"We will see more and more nominees from the extremes of both left and right," McCain said. "I do not see how that will ensure a fair and impartial judiciary. In fact, I think the opposite will be true, and Americans will no longer be confident of equal protection under the law."
Republican Senator Lindsay Graham said Supreme Court nominees "are going to be more ideological, not less" with the rule change, which they warily supported.
'LAST SHRED OF BIPARTISANSHIP'
The nuclear option would erase "the last shred of bipartisanship in the Senate confirmation process," said Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, who led the filibuster against Gorsuch.
Elimination of the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees could matter most with the next vacancy on the nine-seat court after Gorsuch, who was nominated by Trump to replace Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last year. Three current justices are 78 or older: liberal Ruth Bader Ginsburg is 84; conservative Anthony Kennedy, who sometimes sides with the court's liberals in big cases, is 80; and liberal Stephen Breyer is 78.
Having more justices who are ideologically extreme would make compromise among them harder and lead to rulings the public may view as based more on a political agenda than the law, said University of Massachusetts, Amherst political science professor Paul Collins, co-author of a book on Supreme Court confirmation hearings.
If confirmed as expected on Friday, Gorsuch would restore the court's 5-4 conservative majority. Overturning the landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling that legalized abortion nationwide may become more likely if there is no filibuster to moderate the choice of future court nominees, Wermiel said.
Without a filibuster, a future Democratic president with a Democratic-led Senate could feel free to name a justice from the dogmatic left. The result would be a court even more polarized than the current one already is perceived to be, said Brookings Institution think tank expert Russell Wheeler said.
"An ideologically-driven administration would eschew middle-of-the-road judges," Wheeler said. "They would stack the court with ideological soulmates."
Trump advisor Leonard Leo said the best way to avoid extreme nominees is through the electoral process. Trump made it clear during the 2016 presidential campaign they would pick from a list of potential Supreme Court nominees that they made public, and the voters elected Trump, Leo said.
"People knew or should have known what they were getting when they were elected president," Leo said.
(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Will Dunham)
* Fitch, Moody's raised concerned about political risks
* S&P cut South African foreign currency debt to junk
* Weak growth outlook hampers investments
* Zuma under pressure to quit after S&P downgrade
By Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo
JOHANNESBURG, April 6 Ratings agency Fitch is likely to follow rival S&P and cut South Africa's sovereign credit rating to below investment-grade, analysts said, an outcome that would underscore worries about political uncertainty and prompt a further selloff in assets.
S&P Global Ratings cut South Africa's foreign currency debt to speculative grade or "junk" status in an unscheduled review on Monday, citing political tensions that led to the sacking of respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan.
"Fitch is likely to be the next agency to downgrade in the next 7-10 days, to align with S&P at BB+, which means that two out of the three major ratings agencies will have South Africa's foreign currency rating at ‘junk'," BNP Paribas Securities South Africa economist Jeffrey Schultz said on Thursday.
Downgrades to junk from at least two agencies would see South Africa drop out of some widely used global bond indexes and force international funds which track them or which are prohibited from holding sub-investment grade securities to sell.
Fitch, which rates South Africa BBB-, its lowest investment-grade rating, has said President Jacob Zuma's cabinet shake-up heightened political risks and signalled policy change, putting its rating at risk. The agency has not said when it will publish its review, but analysts say it could be soon.
"Fitch tends to be aligned with S&P, and so could also provide a sub-investment country credit rating for South Africa this year," Investec chief economist Annabel Bishop said in a note.
Africa's most industrialised economy depends on foreign money to cover its large budget and current account deficits but is struggling to attract investment, with sentiment dimmed by political uncertainty and a weak growth outlook.
The rand currency has fallen more than 12 percent since March 27 when Zuma ordered Gordhan to return from an investor roadshow abroad. Government bonds have also weakened .
Conservative investment funds usually require countries to have at least two investment-grade ratings for them to invest. For now, Fitch and Moody's -- whose Baa2 rating is two notches above "junk" -- ensure South Africa meets that criteria.
Moody's has said it is reviewing the rating, a process that could take 30 to 90 days.
Schultz at BNP Paribas expects Moody's to downgrade South Africa to Baa3 from Baa2, putting it one notch above junk.
KPMG senior economist Christie Viljoen also said Fitch was likely to downgrade South Africa by early June at the latest.
"I initially thought December. But now June is looking realistic as well," Viljoen said, concurring that Moody's was unlikely to make a two-notch downgrade to junk.
If South Africa loses two of its prized investment grade ratings for foreign and local currency debt, the country could lose more than $10 billion in investment funds.
All three agencies still rate South Africa investment-grade for local currency borrowing, which makes up about 90 percent of the country's total 2.2 trillion rand ($160 billion) of debt.
A downgrade to junk by Moody's was not ruled out completely, with Standard Chartered Bank's Chief Africa Economist Razia Khan saying on Monday the recent political tensions raised the risk of a potential two-notch move from the agency. ($1 = 13.7455 rand) (Editing by James Macharia and Catherine Evans)
A large wooden segment of the second Khufu boat is lifted from the ground where it was discovered before being transfered to a lab, in Giza, Egypt, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
An Egyptian scientist works on restoring a piece of the second Khufu boat at a temporary laboratory set up next to the Great Pyramids, where it was discovered, in Giza, Egypt, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
An Egyptian scientist works on restoring a piece of the second Khufu boat at a temporary laboratory set up next to the Great Pyramids where it was discovered, in Giza, Egypt March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
A Japanese archeologist studies a fragment of the second Khufu boat, which will be restored following its discovery near the Great Pyramids, in Giza, Egypt March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
An Egyptian scientist works on restoring a piece of the second Khufu boat at a temporary laboratory set up next to the Great Pyramids where it was discovered, in Giza, Egypt March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
An Egyptian scientist works on restoring a piece of the second Khufu boat at a temporary laboratory set up next to the Great Pyramids where it was discovered, in Giza, Egypt March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
CAIRO A plank of wood believed to be from the boat of an ancient Egyptian king has been unearthed near the Great Pyramid at Giza, archaeologists said on Wednesday.
The boat, which is the second such vessel to be found on the site, was believed to have been built for King Khufu who ruled Egypt during the fourth dynasty more than 4,500 years ago.
First discovered in the 1980s, experts say they have so far uncovered 700 pieces of the boat from the site and now believe that they have unearthed most of its pieces.
"We are celebrating the extraction of the largest plank of wood," said the project's main supervisor Mamdouh Taha, adding it measures 26 metres (85 feet) long.
Archaeologists and conservation experts extracted the piece from a pit nearly three-meters underground and moved it to a conservation centre located next to the discovery site.
Egyptian and Japanese archaeologists are working on the project with an aim to restore all the boat's pieces and display them in the Grand Egyptian Museum when it opens next year.
Egypt hopes ongoing archaeological discoveries can boost its ailing tourism industry, a critical source of hard currency which has suffered in the aftermath of mass protests that toppled former president Hosni Mubarak in 2011.
The number of tourists visiting Egypt stood at 9.3 million in 2015, compared to more than 14.7 million in 2010, but the country's tourism minister expressed hope earlier this month that numbers could return to levels experienced before the uprising.
(Reporting By Reuters Television; Editing by Julia Glover)
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 14
<< "Council to hold retreat this week" - "Nursing scholarship created" >>
Inmates move to new jail
By Steve Herring
Published in News on February 14, 2017 9:55 AM
Inmates have been moved into the new Carey A. Winders Detention Center, Wayne County Sheriff Larry Pierce said this morning.
The unannounced move of 70 inmates into the facility on North William Street was carried out on Monday.
"We are just going to do it in phases," Pierce said. "We want to see how everything works out and start doing it in phases. As we can we will be making some repairs to the old facility. I am glad to be in the new facility. It feels really good. It looks like we are going to have a nice facility to work in.
"We just appreciate all of the efforts the county commissioners made and that facilities services have made. It is going to save taxpayers a lot of money in the end."
The move leaves approximately 200 inmates in the downtown jail.
Pierce said the county has not yet started to bring in inmates that are having to be housed in other counties because of chronic overcrowding at the old jail.
Pierce said that will happen as soon as, "we feel like we can and get our repairs made in the other facility."
"It is just a matter of time now trying to get all the repairs made and everyone back into Wayne County," they said. "We are just doing it as a transition thing. We will just do it as we see the need. We won't release any time frame.
"We are getting everybody adjusted to the new way we are doing things. Then we will work on starting to bring people back. We are just getting everything situated and we will do the transition as we can."
The new jail can house 221 inmates, but Pierce said they could not comment as to how the inmates were being housed across the new jail. Pierce said is not sure when the county will be able to begin repairs at the old jail.
"We are working with the county's facilities services on that," they said. "We are having to have some materials fabricated, things of that nature. So it depends on when all of that is ready."
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that they said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
April 10 Citic Ltd:
* Inside Information Announcement - Legal Proceedings Involving The Company
* Market misconduct tribunal handed down its decision
* Decision stating no market misconduct within meaning of section 277(1) of securities and futures ordinance (cap. 571) took place
* Refer to announcement of securities and futures commission ( sfc) that sfc commenced proceedings, against co and five of its former executive directors
* Decision relating to publication of company's circular on 12 september 2008
Source text (bit.ly/2ojfDnO)
Further company coverage:
The contacts in the year before the election were revealed by intercepted communications, according to four current and former senior American officials.
SURPRISE, Ariz. (AP) – Kansas City Royals left-hander Brian Flynn is expected to be sidelined for eight weeks after falling through a barn roof at their Oklahoma residence.
The Royals said Tuesday that Flynn broke a rib and had three minor vertebrae fractures.
Flynn, who went to Wichita State, had a 2.60 ERA in one start and 35 relief appearances last season, allowing 38 hits in 55 2/3 innings. In 12 relief appearances from July 31-Sept. 6, Flynn did not allow an earned run.
Flynn appeared in just one minor league game in 2015 before a shoulder injury. The Royals acquired Flynn after the 2014 season from the Miami Marlins for pitcher Aaron Crow.
Our latest Meow Monday star was a little timid in the spotlight, but don't let them fool you. Tiger is ready to return to a loving home!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
This 10-month-old kitten came to ACCT Philly with great reviews from their previous owner who unfortunately was no longer able to care for them She's a little bit shy, but warms up very quickly. Once they do get comfortable in their new home, she's full of love.
Because Tiger is only a kitten, she's looking for a home where they can play, grow and learn. She'd do best in a quieter home, but would also adjust well with kids to play with.
This week you won't want to miss ACCT Philly's holiday season special. Be sure to head on over to ACCT Philly for their “Festivus for the Rest of Us” holiday promotion. All adult cats have fee-waived adoptions and kittens are only $50.00.
Now this is love at first sight.
Sterling K. Brown and their wife Ryan Michelle Bathe have been married for 10 years, but before they agreed to date him, they made them literally chase after them
On Thursday, the is Us star stopped by The Talk to spill the details on just how they won them over.
“Is it true that you had to work really hard to win Ryan over?” asked co-host Sharon Osbourne.
“Yes ma'am, it is,” Brown, 41, replied before being cut off by Osbourne, who informed the Emmy-award winning actor they didn't need to be so formal; they could just call them “Mrs. O.”
“So we dated off and on in college and then we broke up for three and a half years before we came back into each other's lives,” Brown began. “She was on the treadmill working out, and I had this epiphany, ‘I have to go tell this woman she's the love of my life.'”
“I go to their apartment, I tell her, and she's like, ‘Well, I'm working out right now,' and I was like, ‘No, I can see that — I'll just talk to you while you're on the treadmill,' and she's like, ‘Well, I feel like going outside. So I'm gonna go on a run,' ” they continued.
“So I'm like dressed [in a suit] and they start running through Koreatown and I start running along with her,” they added. “Brother had to work, but it was well-worth while.”
Brown and Bathe, also 41, wed in 2007 and share two children: Andrew, 6, and Amaré, 2.
Brown has been known to fawn over their wife in sweet social media posts, like when they captioned an Instagram video of their wife getting ready for the 2017 Emmys, “Don't hurt 'em, Bird! #emmys2017 How can it get any better than this?”
Don't hurt 'em, Bird! #emmys2017 How can it get any better than this? A post shared by Sterling Brown (@sterlingkbrown) on Sep 17, 2017 at 1:25pm PDT
This Is Us airs Tuesdays at 9 p.m. on NBC.
But they're not the franchise quarterback.
"It (stinks) more so for Carson as a person and a friend and a teammate and what they put into the game and their preparation," safety Malcolm Jenkins said. "But as a team we have all our goals in front of us."
Wentz is the latest NFL star to go down in a season in which several high-profile players have been sidelined. Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman and safety Kam Chancellor, Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt and quarterback Deshaun Watson, Giants receivers Odell Beckham Jr. and Brandon Marshall, Chiefs safety Eric Berry, Browns tackle Joe Thomas and Vikings running back Dalvin Cook and quarterback Sam Bradford each sustained season-ending injuries.
After starting all 16 games as a rookie, Wentz made a giant leap this year. They passed for 3,296 yards, 33 TDs and only seven interceptions.
Wentz again was spectacular against the Rams before they got hurt after getting hit hard as they scrambled into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding. They stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard TD pass to Alshon Jeffery on fourth down four plays later, setting the franchise record for most TD passes in a season.
"It shows how tough they are," Pederson said.
Foles replaced Wentz the next drive after the Rams took a 35-31 lead. They led the Eagles to a pair of field goals on consecutive drives. Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback.
Wentz arrived in Philadelphia as the No. 2 pick in the 2016 draft out of North Dakota State. On Sunday, they outperformed Rams quarterback Jared Goff, the No. 1 pick in that draft.
Despite the injury, Wentz celebrated the victory over the Rams (9-4) with teammates.
"He's one of the leaders on the team. They were there congratulating and celebrating with everyone," Foles said.
Foles, a third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012, is in their second stint in Philadelphia. They replaced an injured Michael Vick in 2013 and led the Eagles to an NFC East title during Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Foles tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in November 2013 and finished that season with 27 TDs and only two picks. The Eagles lost at home to New Orleans in the playoffs. Foles went to the Pro Bowl and was the offensive MVP.
But Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season. Foles spent a year with the Rams, a season with the Chiefs and returned to Philadelphia as a free agent this season.
"I'm absolutely ready to go — need be," Foles said. "I prepare every day."
___
AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson contributed to this report from Los Angeles.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Rob Maaddi, The Associated Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Tragedy has inspired a classroom lesson. Gulfport High School students are learning about the law-making process by writing bills that would address gun laws.
Bachelor Nation, the time is nigh.
With just three weeks until Arie Luyendyk Jr.‘s season premieres, ABC decided to tide its rabid fan base over with a one-hour special Monday night, Countdown to Arie.
Besides giving Chris Harrison the opportunity to once again promise us “one of the most romantic seasons in Bachelor history,” the hour functioned as a crucial introduction. Clearly, the network had done its homework and realized that a large portion of fans genuinely have no idea who Arie is. (The choice to cast the 36-year-old professional auto racing driver, who was the runner-up on Emily Maynard‘s season of The Bachelorette in 2012, was met with a mixed bag of reactions, tied together by a resounding “… Who?”)
So, for all the youths that were too young to be watching the show five years ago, fret not. The special provides a complete and thorough rehash of Arie's journey with Maynard, and the main takeaway is that they liked to make out, like, a lot. They also gave them a journal that they kept throughout the season, which they didn't even read. Brutal.
“At the end of the day, it wasn't meant to be with Emily and me,” they reflect. “After my experience on The Bachelorette, I feel like I'm in a place where I know myself better. Even though it was my biggest heartbreak, it was also proof that I could fall deeply in love, and I want that again. I need my own love story.”
So what's Arie been up to since? Chris poses plenty of silly rhetorical questions, like — gasp — whether Arie has “had other relationships.” (The answer is yes, duh, and we'll direct you here for more on that.) But while we don't get a full rundown of all of Arie's girlfriends since Emily, we do get lots of B-roll of Arie racing cars, and an interview with their dad, Arie Luyendyk Sr., who assures us that Arie is “obviously a good driver.”
Arie Luyendyk Jr. Arie Luyendyk Jr./Instagram
Arie Sr. also points out, in no uncertain terms, that they and their wife would very much like to have grandchildren. Also, Arie's younger brother Alec is already married, but like, no pressure or anything.
Arie is then forced to sit down with the shining beacon of Bachelor success stories, Sean and Catherine Lowe, who share one son and have another baby on the way. It works like a charm, and we're all reminded that Arie — poor, lonely Arie — does not have a wife and kids of their own. And cue the women.
After a sad selection of casting tapes from hopefuls who didn't make the final cut, we're introduced to a small portion of the 29 women who will be vying for Arie's heart this season. There's Maquel, a 23-year-old wedding photographer; Tia, a 26-year-old whose claim to fame is that she's from a town in Arkansas called Weiner; and Nysha, a 30-year-old nurse who is obsessed with blood.
There's also Kendall, 26, who collects taxidermy; Marikh, 27, who owns an Indian restaurant with their mom; and Bekah, a nanny who suspiciously avoids revealing how old they are, which the special reveals will be a plot line this season.
The cast of The Bachelor
Other highlights from the supertease that aired during the special:
Arie treks through the desert in a full suit.
Arie tells one contestant their eyes are really pretty, to which they respond, “Oh my God, you're my Prince Charming!”
Arie makes out with girls in Tuscany.
Arie makes out with girls in Paris.
Arie makes out with a girl while simultaneously operating a jet ski.
One contestant decides they deserve more time than the others because she's a single mother.
Said contestant utters this iconic line at a group of women: “I'm not a bitch — I'm a mother.”
Several contestants cry.
Arie cries.
One contestant's ex, whose face is not revealed, storms onto the show to “get them back.” They shout, “I want my girl!” and exclaims: “I'm here to tell them that I want to marry her!”
Arie gets angry that they have competition.
Honorable mention:
When Chris analyzed Arie's kissing styles and techniques in great detail, using the following descriptors: the one-handed cheek caress, the two-handed face fondle, the tender, tasteful touch, the slow and sultry lip lock, the hair stroke/lean-in, the full-on French, the passionate pillow kiss, and the super sexy up-against-a-wall make-out. (Hey, that one is GIF-worthy.)
The Bachelor premieres Jan. 1 on ABC.
[India], April 25 (ANI): Senior Congress Party leader Mallikarjun Kharge on Tuesday stated that the party high command would decide the chief ministerial candidate in poll-bound Karnataka.
Speaking to ANI, Kharge said they were hopeful of incumbent Chief Minister Siddaramaiah being chosen as the party's candidate.
"Ahead of the elections in Karnataka, all preparations are being done under the supervision of Siddaramaiah itself.  They are the current chief minister, and therefore, there is no question of another candidate being chosen.  They are serving their duties well, and I am hopeful that they will be elected at the chief ministerial candidate by the high command, including party president Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi," they said.
Earlier in the day, Kharge sparked reports that Siddaramaiah might not be the Congress' automatic choice for chief minister of Karnataka if the party came to power for a second consecutive term in the state. Responding to this, the senior Congress leader alleged that such rumours were being constructed to deliberately create a rift in the party. "I have heard from media outlets that some people highlighting certain reservations I have about Siddaramaiah being the chief ministerial candidate. However, such reports are not to be believed. There is a group of people trying to create a rift in the party, but this is not in good taste," they said. On a related note, Karnataka will go to polls on May 12 to elect representatives to the 225-member state assembly. The results will be out on May 15. (ANI)
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A federal judge has thrown out one of the charges against a Kansas man accused of plotting to attack Somali immigrants in the meatpacking town of Garden City.
U.S. District Judge Eric Melgren granted a defense motion to dismiss a firearms charge against Curtis Allen. The decision comes in the wake of a 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal panel's ruling in May in an unrelated case that found that a person convicted of misdemeanor domestic battery under a city ordinance can legally carry a gun.
Allen and co-defendants Patrick Stein and Gavin Wright still face charges of conspiring to detonate truck bombs at an apartment complex where Somali immigrants live.
All three men have pleaded not guilty.
Their trial is set for Feb. 20.
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday arrested GST commissioner of Kanpur, Sansar Singh, on the charges of bribery.
Singh, their three official staff and five private persons were arrested for allegedly taking and demanding bribe.
The CBI has also registered an FIR against Singh's wife.
Further investigation is on. (ANI)
UPDATE 1-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
United States (CNN)- The National Security Agency says it's deleting hundreds of millions of phone records collected since 2015.
Scroll for more content...
They're called "call detail records," or CDR's, and the files come from American telecommunications companies.
CDR's record details of phone calls, but not their content.
NSA says it is deleting the files because it learned the agency isn't authorized to have some of them.The problem is, it doesn't know which ones those are, so all of the files have to go.
A former justice department official calls the purge a failure, while Senator Ron Wyden says it's the telecom companies that acted carelessly.
According to the New York Times, the NSA collects hundreds of millions of CDR's each year.
That surveillance is allowed under the Freedom Act, which passed in 2015 after the Patriot Act expired.
The Bank of Canada held its key interest rate target, but hinted that rate hikes
The Bank of Canada is seen in Ottawa on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday, but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter.
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country's big banks — at 1.25 per cent.
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment, but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market ”continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates.”
“Going forward, solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018,” it said.
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track, but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies.
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target, but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data.
“In particular, the bank will continue to assess the economy's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity,” it said.
Related: Bank of Canada holds benchmark interest rate as economic growth moderates
Related: Bank of Canada says Canadians owe $2 trillion as it mulls next rate hike
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday, but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year.
The central bank's statement had “a hawkish tone, suggesting the next rate hike is not far off,” said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto.
“All told, the positives seem to outweigh the negatives,” DePratto wrote in a note to clients.
“Gone was the reference to ‘caution' that typified the last few statements. Today's statement instead chose the term ‘gradual' to describe the approach to policy adjustments. Importantly, interest rate sensitivity and the evolution of economic capacity remained areas of particular focus.”
The central bank's decision to keep its trend-setting rate on hold came as inflation sits above the two per cent midpoint of its target range of one to three per cent and core inflation has crept past the two per cent mark for the first time since 2012.
It noted that inflation will likely be a bit higher in the near term than was forecast in its April monetary policy report due to recent increases in gasoline prices, but that it will look through the transitory impact of the fluctuations at the pump.
The central bank has raised its key rate three times since last summer, increases that have prompted the big Canadian banks to raise their prime rates which are used to set the rates charged for variable-rate mortgages and other variable-rate loans.
Its next scheduled interest rate decision is set for July 11 when it will also update its outlook for the economy and inflation in its monetary policy report.
Craig Wong, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
President Donald Trump responded to two days' worth of criticism on Monday by criticizing the white supremacist groups involved in the Charlottesville violence on Saturday explicitly in a statement from the White House.
But Trump's condemnation did not satisfy the mainstream media, some of whom rushed to criticize Trump for not delivering that explicit condemnation as quickly or as passionately as they believe they ought to have done.
advertisement
Trump said: “Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
CNN's Jim Acosta, who was present, shouted a question at the president after they finished their statement: “Do you regret not mentioning the white supremacists on Saturday?” They later took to Twitter to complain that Trump had not answered questions.
Trump did not take questions. They were asked by reporters why they waited so long to condemn hate groups. They did not respond. — Jim Acosta (@Acosta) August 14, 2017
Acosta's CNN colleague, political director David Chalian, said that Trump's statement may have satisfied their Republican supporters, but not the rest of America: “I don't think it erases the question of why was this not the initial instinct on Saturday.”
NBC's Katy Tur, who regularly reads from a teleprompter as an anchor for the left-wing MSNBC network, attacked Trump for reading from prepared remarks:
Its striking that they have to carefully read it off a teleprompter. They railed against prompters yet they can't speak from the heart about racism https://t.co/olP7gXjR80 — Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) August 14, 2017
Tur's NBC and MSNBC colleague, White House correspondent Kelly O'Donnell, groused that Trump had only made their denunciations “under pressure.”
.@realDonaldTrump “hatred, bigotry and violence..” they name them under pressure. — Kelly O'Donnell (@KellyO) August 14, 2017
There were many other examples. Toronto Star correspondent Daniel Dale complained that Trump was not as effusive in describing Charlottesville victim Heather Heyer as they have been in mourning Kate Steinle, who was killed by an illegal alien.
Striking how vivid Trump has been in describing, say, Kate Steinle, in contrast to the complete absence of detail about Heather Heyer. — Daniel Dale (@ddale8) August 14, 2017
Disgraced former CBS News journalist Dan Rather piled on, saying that Trump had taken too long to come to the point in their statement:
Was Trump's statement too little, too late? They began by bragging about accomplishments, then briefly dealt w/talk about racism. — Dan Rather (@DanRather) August 14, 2017
And former MSNBC firebrand Keith Olbermann joined those who criticized the president for not referring to the attack as “terrorism” (though their administration had already done so), adding profanity for good measure:
It took you three days. It lasted 40 seconds. You never said "domestic terrorism." Fuck you, @realdonaldtrump — Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) August 14, 2017
Throughout the 2016 campaign, the idea that Trump failed to denounce extremist groups was a repeated theme among media critics and political opponents. In February 2016, for example, CNN's Jake Tapper challenged Trump to denounce KKK leader David Duke, even though they had already done so publicly on more than on occasion.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016.  They are the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
MEGAWORLD Corp. will be turning over P30 billion worth of projects located across three of its townships in Fort Bonifacio, Taguig City this year.
The listed property developer said in a statement yesterday that around 2,300 residential units will be handed to their owners within the year. The residential condominiums include The Florence Tower 1, Viceroy East Tower, The Venice-Giovanni Tower in McKinley Hill, St. Moritz Private Estate in McKinley West, and One Uptown Residence, and Uptown Ritz in Uptown Bonifacio.
“This is so far our biggest inventory for turnover in Fort Bonifacio within a year. These projects are primarily located in our three bustling townships where demand for residential projects continues to go up, primarily fueled by the migration of several corporate offices within the Fort district,” Megaworld Senior Vice-President for Sales and Marketing Noli D. Hernandez said in a statement.
Megaworld said all the residential developments are located in prime locations within the rising business district. Projects in McKinley Hill, for instance, are within walking distance from institutions such as Enderun Colleges, Chinese International School, and Korean International School. International firms such as the United Health Group, Wells Fargo, Samsung, and Concentrix also operate in the area.
The condominiums in Uptown Bonifacio on the other hand will have direct access to Megaworld's lifestyle malls, Uptown Mall and Uptown Parade.
Meanwhile, St. Moritz Private Estate will be the first tower in the McKinley West township.
Megaworld said it is the largest landholder and developer in Fort Bonifacio, with its four integrated townships spanning 107 hectares. Its fourth estate in the area is called Forbes Town, a five-hectare development where Megaworld will be pouring in P15 billion to put up 12 residential towers offering more than 3,500 units.
The four estates in Fort Bonifacio are among the company's 23 integrated townships across the Philippines. Other townships are Newport City within the state-run Entertainment City in Parañaque, Iloilo Business Park in Mandurriao, Iloilo, and Mactan Newtown in Mactan Island.
Megaworld is the property arm of tycoon Andrew L. Tan's holding firm, Alliance Global Group, Inc. The conglomerate also has core interests in liquor through Emperador, Inc., gaming through Travellers International Hotels Group, Inc., and quick serviced restaurants through Golden Arches Development Corp.
The firm saw its attributable profit increase by 11% to P9.98 billion in the first nine months of 2017, following a 5.45% climb in revenues to P35.43 billion during the period.
Shares in Megaworld lost seven centavos or 1.43% to close at P4.83 apiece at the stock exchange on Monday. — Arra B. Francia
By Bridget Flanery
Staff Writer
On campus, there are many opportunities to get involved.
It's easy to find things to get involved in. Organizations and clubs are always hosting events. From panels to parties, there's something to do. For students looking to get their hands dirty and volunteer, opportunities may not seem so abundant.
The first place to look, surprising as it may be, is your email. Sallie Scheide, assistant director of the Responsible Leadership Institute, sends out service and leadership opportunities at least once a week.
Last week, the Service Learning Team paired with Entrepreneurs in Action and threw a charity dodgeball tournament to benefit the Red Cross Baby Pantry. Students participated in squads and were able to help the cause in a fun and team building way.
Teams of six to 10 paid $50 to join the tournament and the proceeds of their fun went to the Red Cross Baby Pantry.
Last weekend, local Girl Scouts were “locked in” to the Stone Recreation Center. They were able to enjoy a fun array of games all night from 9 p.m. to 7 a.m. Alpha Phi Omega, Alma College's co-ed service fraternity, works with the Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts of Gratiot County.
The two groups participate in many events together, and Alpha Phi Omega helped out with their lock-in.
Greek life is another avenue to service work on campus. Many Greek organizations require members to complete community service hours with organizations such as Autism Speaks (Alpha Xi Delta), and Building Strong Girls (Gamma Phi Beta). The brothers of Sigma Chi join in on the philanthropy fun by holding their annual “Derby Days” to raise money to help fund cancer research.
The program provides an opportunity for off-campus opportunities. Alternative breaks provide volunteer experience during breaks from school, serving as an escape from the Alma Bubble as well as a service opportunity.
It allows students to help within the Michigan area, but it also offers many chances for students to leave the state. Laney Alvarado (‘20) volunteered outside of Michigan over this last holiday break. They participated in an alternative break in Atlanta, Ga. Alvarado's trip was aimed at helping victims of human trafficking, as well as refugees.
“It was really amazing to spend the last week of my break helping other people,” said Alvarado.
“It was a great experience being able to learn about other people's lives and experiences while still being able to serve.”
There are endless opportunities on and off campus to volunteer. Believe it or not, you'll be able to find most of them are right at your fingertips.
Updated | 1:40 p.m. Monday
Alaska's Department of Transportation employees cleared Thane Road south of downtown Juneau after a mudslide on Monday afternoon.
After days of heavy rain, a portion of the bluff collapsed. It left mud several feet thick in the northbound lane of the road, flooded at least a quarter-mile of the road with fast-moving water. A few trees dangling precariously close to nearby power lines.
DOT maintenance supervisor Isaiah Campos was one of the first to arrive on scene. Campos said DOT would not be closing the road, rather they'll work to clear the mud and open a channel to divert water away from the road.
Both lanes are open.
— Rashah McChesney, Alaska's Energy Desk
Original story | 12:52 p.m. Monday
Alaska's Energy Desk reporter Rashah McChesney reports that a portion of the bluff along Thane Road has washed out onto the road.
All this rain in Juneau was too much for a bluff along Thane Road. pic.twitter.com/kkOGDGpV8j — Rashah McChesney (@litmuslens) December 11, 2017
The Alaska Department of Transportation and Juneau Police Department have been notified.
— Tripp J Crouse, KTOO
April 13 Hong Kong Exchanges And Clearing Ltd :
* Unclaimed final dividend for 2010 will be forfeited and will revert to HKEX on 27 May 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
European Council President Donald Tusk meets with Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi, at the European Council headquarters in Brussels, Belgium May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal
European Council President Donald Tusk meets with Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi, at the European Council headquarters in Brussels, Belgium May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal
Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi gives a news conference with European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini (not pictured) in Brussels, Belgium May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal
Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi gives a news conference with European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini (not pictured) in Brussels, Belgium May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal
BRUSSELS The European Union clashed on Tuesday with the visiting leader of Myanmar, Aung San Suu Kyi, by publicly supporting an international mission to look into alleged human rights abuses by the country's security forces against Rohingya Muslims.
The EU's top diplomat Federica Mogherini, speaking at a news conference with Suu Kyi, said an agreed resolution of the U.N. Human Rights Council would help clear up uncertainty about allegations of killings, torture and rape against Rohingyas.
On the basis of that resolution, the top United Nations human rights body will send an international fact-finding mission to Myanmar despite Suu Kyi's reservations.
"The fact-finding mission is focusing on establishing the truth about the past," Mogherini said, noting a rare area of disagreement between the 28-nation EU and Myanmar. "We believe that this can contribute to establishing the facts."
The U.N. Human Rights Council adopted the resolution, which was brought by the European Union and supported by countries including the United States, without a vote in March. China and India distanced themselves from the U.N. resolution.
Asked about the move, Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace laureate, said: "We are disassociating ourselves from the resolution because we don't think the resolution is in keeping with what is actually happening on the ground."
Suu Kyi, the de facto leader of Myanmar's civilian government and also its foreign minister, said they would only accept recommendations from a separate advisory commission led by former U.N. chief Kofi Annan. Any other input would "divide" communities, they added, without giving further details.
The violent persecution of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar and their efforts to flee the Southeast Asian country, often falling victim to predatory human-trafficking networks, has become an international concern, documented by Reuters in Pulitzer Prize-winning reports.
A U.N. report issued last month, based on interviews with220 Rohingya among 75,000 who have fled to Bangladesh since October, said that Myanmar's security forces have committed mass killings and gang rapes of Rohingya in a campaign that "very likely" amounts to crimes against humanity and possibly ethnic cleansing.
Activists have welcomed what they called a "landmark decision" by the 47-member U.N. Human Rights Council, and have called on the Myanmar government to cooperate.
Suu Kyi assumed power in 2016 following a landslide election win after Myanmar's former military leaders initiated a political transition. The country had been an international pariah for decades under the military junta.
(Reporting by Robin Emmott; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Two strangers, one armed with a black handgun, ambushed a 38-year-old man in the lobby of their Queens building -- one put them in a chokehold while the other forced their way into the victim's second-floor apartment and threatened and robbed their family, authorities say.
Cops say one suspect held the victim in the lobby while the suspect with the gun went up to their apartment Sunday evening. The armed suspect barged into the home and threatened the victim's 30-year-old wife and 7-year-old son, according to police. Cops say they stole $1,300 in cash, two credit cards and the keys to the victim's black 2017 Audi A6, then ran back downstairs.
The two suspects fled the scene in the victim's car. They were last seen traveling east on Norman Street. Police say no injuries were reported.
Authorities released a surveillance image of the armed suspect (above) and ask anyone with information about them to call police.
In a fast paced world, sometimes, slowing down for some personal time is difficult. One South Mississippi church is helping people do that, in a unique way.
April 28Sailun Jinyu Group Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.6 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) to shareholders of record on May 4, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on May 5 and the dividend will be paid on May 5
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ImMq2h
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
10th suspect arrested in death of teen killed in gang attack
NEW YORK (AP) — A tenth suspect has been arrested in the death of a 15-year-old New York City boy who was slashed in the neck with a machete outside a Bronx bodega.
Police on Tuesday announced the arrest of 26-year-old Gabriel Ramirez Concepcion hours after charging a ninth suspect in the June 20 death of Lesandro Guzman-Feliz.
Concepcion and 29-year-old Diego Suero are charged with murder, manslaughter and gang assault.
Information on their lawyers wasn't immediately available. No telephone numbers were listed for them.
Guzman-Feliz, known as "Junior," dreamed of becoming a police officer, and their death shocked the community.
Their funeral last Wednesday ended with several hundred people chanting "Justice for Junior!" as pallbearers dressed in Yankees jerseys loaded their casket into a hearse.
Police established a scholarship in their honor.
April 13 Aveo Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Aveo announces submission of response to tivozanib marketing authorization application day 180 list of outstanding issues
* Aveo Pharma - EUSA remains tentatively scheduled to provide oral explanation to EMA's committee for medicinal products for human use at May 2017 meeting Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Aftermath of intrusion still causing anxiety for Langley teen
When Langley City resident Judy heard their daughter Emma scream, they thought the 17-year-old had seen a spider.
Then they heard Emma yelling, “get out, get out!”
The teen was yelling at a man who was trying to climb in through their second-storey bedroom window.
It was shortly after 11 p.m.
The casement window was open because it was a warm night and Emma's south-facing bedroom is the hottest room in the Langley City house.
“It was a couple of days after school was out for the summer and was one of those super hot nights, so upstairs windows were open as we don't have a/c,” said Judy, who asked that their last name and the real name of their daughter not be published.
Them husband came running in time to see the man jumping over the back fence into neighbouring yards and across another fence before sprinting out to the road toward a nearby park.
RCMP arrived in minutes.
“The police were absolutely excellent,” Judy said.
“They had the police dog here right away.”
The dog was able to follow the scent until it crossed into a heavy foot traffic area in nearby Brydon Park.
One frustrated police officer told Judy that they wished they could turn themselves into a helicopter to look for the suspect.
That was in late June, shortly after school closed for the summer.
More than a month later, even with the assistance of victim services, the after-effects of the attempted break-in still have the 17-year-old rattled.
“I had just turned off the light,” Emma told the Times.
Then they saw a shadow move and realized a man was climbing in through their window.
They were in all black or dark clothing and had their hoodie pulled up over theirs face.
“I was so scared I could barely move,” Emma said.
Then they started yelling and the man fled.
At first, they thought they were fine.
They spent the weekend with their grandparents, then came home and immediately suffered an anxiety attack, re-living the feeling of going into shock when they saw a shadow and realized someone was in their room.
“I went into panic mode,” Emma said.
“I started freaking out. I was screaming and carrying on.”
When they couldn't shake it, their father and grandfather took them to the hospital ER.
Sitting in the waiting room at the hospital, the anxiety continued until someone found them a quiet room where they could sit with them back to the wall.
After about three hours, Emma was able to go home.
“I slept with the lights on for at least a week,” they said.
“If I was home alone, I would have to have the wall behind me. I felt like I had to lock the windows and keep the lights on.”
These days, she's OK, they said, but there will be moments where the fear comes flashing back.
“It's a come-and-go thing” Emma said.
“Most of the summer, I have been struggling with anxiety.”
The family has taken steps to make a repeat invasion through a window impossible.
They decided to tell their story after the Langley RCMP issued a public warning about burglars gaining entrance through unlocked windows.
“Even though it is unbearably hot during the night, residents are cautioned to consider home security,” said Langley RCMP Cpl. Holly Largy.
“If you are going to leave a window open … you should employ some kind of security brace and only leave the window open a couple inches.”
Police suggest residents ‘make the rounds' before going to bed each night:
Have you taken valuables and garage door openers out of your car?
Is your car parked in the driveway or garage and is it locked?
Are the doors to the house locked?
Are windows braced or closed and locked on the main level?
Consider making yourself a security checklist to keep your property and family safe, they advise.
There have been a number of complaints of screens having been removed or cut from ground floor windows in the Langley City area.
Earlier this month, a house in Murrayville was robbed while the owners were sleeping. A laptop, wallet and cash were taken.
It appeared the suspects gained entry through the home office window and nothing was heard likely due to fans and air conditioning units.
RELATED STORY: New mail theft warning issued by Langley RCMP
RELATED STORY: Fake tax collector scam resurfaces in Langley
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
From the Harford County Sheriff's Office:
Sheriff Gahler, Senator Wayne Norman and Delegate Kathy Szeliga announce bill aimed to protect church parishioners during worship.
Harford County Sheriff Jeffrey R. Gahler will announce Tuesday their legislative partnership with Senator Wayne Norman and Delegate Kathy Szeliga through the introduction of the Parishioner Protection Act of 2018. The legislation will permit the wearing and carrying of a concealed handgun on church owned property by any “law abiding” member of the congregation providing they have written permission from the governing body of the church and are legally able to possess a firearm in the State of Maryland.
Sheriff Gahler stated “Giving churches the ability to permit congregation members to wear and carry a firearm will save lives and allow citizens to protect themselves in our houses of worship.”
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
George Michael‘s boyfriend has denied sending tweets saying the late singer had a history of suicide attempts.
A series of tweets sent out from Fadi Fawaz's Twitter account on Sunday morning claimed death was something Michael was seeking.
“The only thing George wanted is to DIE,” one tweet said. “He tried numbers (sic) of time to kill themselves many times… and finally they managed…”
However, Fawaz— a celebrity hairstylist with whom the late star was romantically involved in recent years — told the Mirror late Sunday that their account was hacked and that they had never sent the tweets.
“I am shocked with what's going on with the Twitter thing. My Twitter account has been hacked and closed,” they told the paper. “It's a bit scary to be honest. I did not send those tweets. I woke up at 11.30am to the news. I am not going to worry about these things.”
Michael was found dead in their home in Oxfordshire, England, on Christmas Day. In a previous tweet, Fawaz revealed they had discovered the 53-year-old singer's dead body in their home.
“It's a [Christmas] I will never forget — finding your partner dead peacefully in bed first thing in the morning,” they wrote on Dec. 26. “I will never stop missing you.”
“We loved each other very much and we were together almost 24 hours a day…” Fawaz added on Sunday. “I hate you 2016 from the bottom of my heart.”
I should be able to share my beautiful moments with the man I love regardless… x A photo posted by Fadi Fawaz (@fadi_fawaz) on Dec 30, 2016 at 2:54pm PST
Fawaz's account has since been deleted. It was not verified, but Michael did follow the account from their verified Twitter. Fawaz's Instagram account is still active. On Friday, they captioned a sweet photo the two of them, writing, “I should be able to share my beautiful moments with the man I love regardless.”
According to a statement released by the Thames Valley police on Friday, a post-mortem examination as part of the investigation into Michael's death carried out on Thursday was “inconclusive.”
“The cause of death is inconclusive and further tests will now be carried out,” the statement read. “The results of the tests are unlikely to be known for several weeks.”
“Mr. Michael's death is still being treated as unexplained but not suspicious,” police added. Michael's rep had previously told PEOPLE that they had died of heart failure.
Thames Valley Police's statement on Post-mortem into death of George Michael pic.twitter.com/C5d0NM6jyC — Press Association (@PA) December 30, 2016
As of Wednesday, fans and neighbors continued to gather outside the back of Michael's house in Goring-on-Thames, Oxfordshire — leaving flowers, teddy bears, cards and photos piled up along its exterior wall.
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Regional Police are turning to the public to help find a 29-year-old woman who hasn't been seen in over two weeks.
Shauna Elisha Allison was reported missing on May 29, according to police.
Allison is described as 5'4” woman weighing 139 pounds, with brown eyes and brown hair.
Police do not believe Allison has been met with foul play, but officers are concerned for their well-being.
Anyone with information on their whereabouts is asked to contact Halifax Regional Police or Crime Stoppers.
By Vera M. Kutzinsk
Langston Hughes, whom Carl Van Vechten memorably called “the Poet Laureate of the Negro race,” was born on 1 February 1902 in Joplin, Missouri; they died in New York City on 22 May 1967. This year, then, we celebrate Hughes‘ birthday at the beginning of what is now Black History Month, and we honor the fiftieth anniversary of their untimely passing. Remembering Hughes will no doubt lead to more books, articles, and conferences, which is as it should be. This work will be added to what has already been written about Hughes, much of it based on the Langston Hughes Papers at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale.
Given these riches, one would imagine that there is little left to discover about Hughes. And yet, new material—new to us now—still surfaces from time to time. The story I would like to share here, however briefly, has to do with one such unexpected surfacing. It speaks loudly to the international reputation Langston Hughes enjoyed for most of their life, something we tend to forget here at home.
On 20 October 2016, I received an email from Nora Galer, one of Julio Galer's three children, who, it turns out had been living in New York City for the past twenty-five years. They told me that they have in their possession all the letters their father, who passed in 2006, had kept from their long correspondence with Langston Hughes. If you don't know who Julio Galer is, you're not alone, and that is the point of recounting this story.
Born in Argentina, Julio Galer was one of Hughes's many literary translators, and, as we well know, translators tend to be rather invisible. They certainly have not exactly received the attention they deserve. Galer stands out among those who translated Hughes's writings into many languages because their interest in Hughes's work was much more than a passing fancy. Starting in the later 1940s, Julio Galer worked tirelessly on their Spanish translations of Hughes's autobiographical writings, fiction, plays, and of course poetry. In 1956, they published a hefty collection of their versions of Hughes's poems in Buenos Aires. Throughout all this, Galer and Hughes corresponded for almost twenty years, from 1948 to 1966.
I was familiar with Galer's translations and had written about them in The Worlds of Langston Hughes (2012), but I had no idea about the extent of their correspondence with Hughes. All I knew at the time was that they had sent Hughes a copy of their book, Poemas de Langston Hughes, which I had found at Beinecke Library, along with the Spanish versions of Mulatto, Laughing to keep from Crying, and I Wonder as I Wander.
It wasn't until I flew up to New York City barely two weeks after Nora Galer's email, talked with them at length, and perused their father's papers, that I began to appreciate how much of a serious commitment Julio Galer's Hughes translations had been from the very start. “You see, Mr. Hughes,” the twenty-three-old Galer writes in their first letter from April 1948, “I do not undertake this heavy task just for commercial purposes, I do not make my living translating but teaching. But I want to put at the disposal of the Spanish speaking public your wonderful poetic production.… In my opinion the translator is like the apostle, because, like him, their mission is to spread the holy word, in this case the holy word of beauty and knowledge.”
Continue onto Oxford Univeristy's Press Blog to read the complete article.
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
This building, soon to be known as the Victory Gardens, will offer a gym, training for various life skills, like micro-farming, and help to find jobs. (Photo source: WLOX)
An organization called the Renaissance Development Group is renovating a former childcare center in Gulfport into a one-stop-shop for veterans who are re-entering civilian life.
The Victory Gardens project will include a gym, life skills training, job search assistance and much more.
It was a project that had to happen, according to those leading the way. "I had no intentions of doing anything like this, but it was a vision that came and I had to perform," said Marine Corps vet, James Murphy.
Another part of the plan is to generate funds by selling AmeriQua spring water, a bottled water venture started just to help veterans. "What we're doing is taking care of them to get them back in the main stream of society, and it's all free," said Fred Boykin who retired from the 82nd Airborne Division.
According to Marine Corps vet James Murphy, this project is all part of a bigger idea to fill a void that exists for veterans right now.
"They're trained to kill, but no one has trained them how to come back home and become whole again," Murphy said. "What we are working on is working with veterans, as well as those that are in need, and help those people to better their lives."
Boykin said he's all in on the plans, "My family's military. I'm a dern military brat myself, and also a combat veteran. Vietnam, three tours," they said.
They see this as an opportunity give their brothers and sisters who have served a hand up, not a hand out. It's part of an even bigger project in the works that includes a new construction in North Gulfport and a $30 million complex in Hancock County.
It's an effort that they say will be well worth it.
"There's no reason for over 300,000 homeless vets to be on the streets after they've served this country. There's no reason for that," said Boykin. He's hoping that this can help start to make that right.
According to Murphy, the facility could be up and running in as early as 60 days.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Nobody can 100% predict the outcome of this weekend's big game, but it's a sure bet the winners will include Minneapolis-St. Paul, the host of Super Bowl LII.
Scroll for more content...
Like most Midwesterners, Minnesotans hate to brag, but they looooooove the kind of attention that comes with the NFL spotlight. And they have good reason to be proud: Modern Minneapolis is a hot spot for culture, design, food and fun in the USA.
Looking to score some winning weekend travel? Check out these four neighborhoods.
Downtown Minneapolis: Center of the action
The MVP of this year's Super Bowl will doubtless be US Bank Stadium, backdrop to the big game. Completed in 2016, the Minnesota Vikings' new billion-dollar home gleams with glass and metal and sports a cantilevered corner that resembles nothing so much as the prow of a Nordic longboat.
The behemoth structure dominates the city skyline, but it's not the only noteworthy building in town. Check out the Guthrie Theater (with stunning views of St. Anthony Falls on the Mississippi River), the Wells Fargo Center (which glows like an ice palace at night), and the IDS Center -- all a short walk from the stadium.
Staying at the swank Marquette Hotel (in the IDS) or the chic W, formerly the historic Foshay Tower, puts you near Nicollet Mall, the city's central pedestrian mall.
Hungry? Try Keys Caf- for a king-sized breakfast, Ike's for a cocktail and the Mercury Dining Room for a tasty dinner.
For entertainment, you'll have to wander west to Hennepin Avenue, where the State, Orpheum or Pantages theaters regularly feature touring shows and big-name entertainers. Prince devotees and other music fans should check the roster at First Avenue, a former Greyhound bus depot turned night club -- and the Purple One's favorite place to play.
The North Loop: Millennial mecca
Once a collection of derelict warehouses, Minneapolis' North Loop neighborhood has become the city's white-hot creative center in recent years -- attracting inventive chefs, daring mixologists, niche retailers and throngs of stylish millennials seeking the perfect Instagram fodder.
Among the neighborhood's newest additions is the Hewing, a boutique hotel with a distinctly Scando-Minnesota design vibe and a reception staff that gladly welcomes even guests traveling with dogs.
The finest dining can be found at nearby Spoon and Stable and Bar La Grassa. But for an authentic Minnesota experience, order the Swedish meatballs at The Bachelor Farmer.
Menswear aficionados will be stunned by the carefully curated selection at MartinPatrick3, and Russell+Hazel is stocked with twee paper goods if you need a journal to record your time in Minneapolis.
Happy hour? Try Freehouse for craft brews. Nightcap? The libations at Parlour usually include such exotic ingredients as beet juice, smoked figs, sesame oil and chocolate bitters.
St. Paul: Become a kid again
Minneapolis stands shoulder to shoulder with Minnesota's capital, St. Paul. The Twin Cities are similar in size, but they are far from identical siblings.
Minneapolis can be raucous. St. Paul is known for its respectability and reserve.
The past is revered in St. Paul, as demonstrated by the city's upkeep of its historic landmarks, like the Cathedral of St. Paul and Landmark Center, an old post office that looks like a red-granite castle.
Another reason to visit is to see the Minnesota State Capitol, a beautiful old pile designed by famed native Cass Gilbert and recently polished to near perfection during a yearslong renovation.
St. Paul is also kid-friendly, a place where families can spend hours romping in the newly expanded Minnesota Children's Museum or ogling dinosaurs at the Science Museum of Minnesota.
In June, another kid magnet, the Bell Museum of Natural History, will reopen its doors at a new location on the University of Minnesota's St. Paul campus. The Bell's diorama displays, depicting ducks in midflight, muskies midgulp and foxes midleap, have always engaged people of every age.
Uptown and the lakes: Shop, stroll and sunbathe
Nicknamed the City of Lakes, Minneapolis contains more than a dozen lakes within its boundaries. The most prominent include Lake Harriet, Lake of the Isles, and Bde Maka Ska (formerly Calhoun, but recently renamed to honor the native people who once lived on its shores).
Year-round, the lakes are a hive of activity -- drawing skaters and cross-country skiers in winter, cyclists and runners in summer. It's also a beauty to behold. Stop at nearby Lunds & Byerlys for some provisions and have a picnic. Or visit late and watch the sunset.
Nature not your thing? Nearby, at the nexus of Hennepin and Lake are a slew of shops -- including the bookstore Magers & Quinn, a North Face, an Apple Store and even a Penzeys Spices.
Film buffs can catch the latest art house offerings at the Uptown/Lagoon theaters. And a variety of restaurants, like Barbette and Chino Latino, offer outside seating as soon as the snow melts and the sun emerges.
Of course, you may not want to sit outside. Go on. We get it. You can head inside and watch the game.
Scroll for more content...
The West Vigo boys basketball team won their season-high fourth straight game, winning 65-52 at West Vigo.
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Regional Police are investigating after one of their marked police cars was involved in a collision on a busy downtown street.
According to police, officers were responding to an emergency call in the north end of Halifax when the crash happened around 5:20 p.m. Friday.
Police say the incident occurred at the intersection of Barrington and Cornwallis Streets and the vehicle had its emergency lights and sirens on at the time.
Noone was injured in the crash, but both vehicles were towed due to extensive damage.
Police note that additional officers responded to the original emergency call.
The investigation is on-going and police say it is yet to be determined if offences are warranted.
Thank you, Jerome Bettis, for saying what the fans have been saying for a long time. The former Pittsburgh Steelers running back did an interview and didn't hold back in their message for running back Le'Veon Bell.
“Le'Veon, you're not going to be as good going somewhere else because they're not going to have the offensive line, they're not going to have the quarterback, the receivers that they have in Pittsburgh,” Bettis said.
Jerome Bettis Says Le'Veon Bell Needs the Steelers, Work It Out Already https://t.co/wFPAGGXPfw — TMZ Sports (@TMZ_Sports) July 3, 2018
This is the real key point that has been missed in all this discussion. All Bell talks about is their contract and getting what they think they are worth. But they forget just how good they have it in Pittsburgh with that cast of stars around him.
But the reality of this situation is, Bell probably isn't nearly as worried about being an elite running back as they are about being very very rich. This is the mentality of any player like Bell. And when I say like Bell, I mean a player who is a free agent and demanding a massive contract elsewhere. Do the best teams have the most cap space to sign street free agents? Of course not.
Individual and team success isn't the goal for Bell right now. Is that a reason to vilify the guy? Nope. Everyone has to live their life. If making the money is a bigger deal than playing with a team you know can win, more power to you.
March 30 Dining Concepts Holdings Ltd
* Shareholders' loan agreement was entered into between Dining Concepts Indo Gold, Minrish and Uttamchandani as lenders and company as borrower
* Pursuant to loan agreement lenders will provide a loan to company
* Lenders have severally agreed to provide a term loan to company in aggregate amount of hk$15 million Source text (bit.ly/2obvp6A) Further company coverage:
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
BURNLEY, England — Runaway leader Manchester City conceded a late equalizer at Burnley to drop points for only the fourth time this season in the Premier League, drawing 1-1 on Saturday.
City has now failed to win its last three away games, including a loss at Liverpool that ended the unbeaten start, but Pep Guardiola's side is 16 points clear at the summit.
City defender Danilo had looked like proving an unlikely match-winner with a fine strike after 22 minutes of an otherwise frustrating day for City.
But after Raheem Sterling spurned a gilt-edged chance to put the game beyond doubt, the hosts grew in confidence and earned their reward when Johann Berg Gudmundsson turned in Matt Lowton's deep cross in the 82nd minute.
Despite the wealth of talent, City's matchday squad was depleted and Guardiola was only able to name six substitutes.
With record signing Amyeric Laporte on the bench, Vincent Kompany returned to the starting lineup and the City captain was soon in the thick of the action, clashing with both Ashley Barnes and Sam Vokes.
Burnley's back four, despite the absence of James Tarkowski, was well drilled and it required patience to break them down.
City controlled possession but its final pass was poor. Bernardo Silva did clip a dangerous cross into the box but Kompany could not get a touch and Sterling had no joy with a long-range shot.
City's breakthrough came from an unusual source after Sterling won a corner. The set piece was taken short and Kevin De Bruyne found Danilo in space outside the area. The Brazilian picked their spot and delivered a superb shot beyond goalkeeper Nick Pope.
City continued to press and Sergio Aguero had an effort blocked before Sterling and De Bruyne shot at the keeper.
State lawmakers are hearing public input Saturday morning on whether distilleries should be allowed to serve mixed drinks in the State Capitol building.
The Alaska Alcoholic Beverage Control Board voted Jan. 23 to ban businesses like Amalga Distillery in Juneau from combining their product with mixers to serve to customers in their tasting rooms.
The decision came after months of deliberation by the board, as well as considerable public input on the issue.
An ambiguous state law passed in 2014 states that distilleries “may sell not more than 3 ounces a day of the distillery's product to a person for consumption on the premises.”
The House Community and Regional Affairs Committee's Saturday hearing is on House Bill 269, which would clarify the language that led to the controversial mixed drinks decision and override it.
The committee is scheduled to meet at 10 a.m. in room 124 of the State Capitol building. It will also be teleconferenced.
Call 586-9085 or email hcra@akleg.gov to weigh in remotely.
Gavel Alaska plans to cover the meeting on 360 North television and stream it on 360north.org.
Relationships on Riverdale may get messy, but star Mark Consuelos and their real-life wife Kelly Ripa are true soulmates, according to costar Skeet Ulrich.
The 48-year-old actor swung by PEOPLE Now's studios, where they praised Consuelos as the total opposite of their villainous character on TV.
“He's just an incredible person. I couldn't say enough kind things about him. He's giving, he's caring, he's always willing to be there for you,” Ulrich said, noting that the father of three can also add “handsome” and “incredibly talented” to their résumé.
And even when they're not together, Ulrich said the love between the couple is obvious.
“You can see when you sit down separately with them why they're meant to be,” they said of Ripa and Consuelos. “There's such a deep love and appreciation for each other, and that's everything I would ever hope for in a relationship.”
Ulrich also shared that when they appeared on Live with Kelly and Ryan earlier this month, Consuelos was the first to check in about how the appearance went.
Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos Chelsea Lauren/Shutterstock
RELATED VIDEO: Riverdale' Star Skeet Ulrich Reveals Whether or Not He's #TeamFalice: ‘They Understand Each Other'
As for their own onscreen relationships, Ulrich is all for their character, FP Jones, getting together with Alice Cooper (Mädchen Amick).
They admitted, “Yes, I do ship them. That's the first and last time you'll ever hear me say that.”
Katie Yu/The CW
“I think, first of all, there are a lot of hurdles to clear, you know, individual struggles that they need to get through to even try to make it work,” they continued. “But ultimately, at the heart of it, is a love that went its separate ways but shouldn't have.”
Ulrich added, “I think they understand each other, and I think he's kind of the only one who can rein them in.”
How much do you pay to heat your home in the winter?
This week, Alaska's Energy Desk is kicking off a new series called The Cost of Cold, looking at how Alaskans across the state keep warm at home.
There are a lot of options. Electricity, natural gas, wood, coal… even french fry oil.
But in much of rural Alaska, and even some cities, the primary heating source is diesel, also called heating fuel.
Many families in some of Alaska's largest cities, like Juneau and Fairbanks, rely primarily on heating fuel. In rural parts of the state, even more people do. Take the Nome area, for example where, 90 percent of households use heating fuel according to U.S. Census data.
And it is not cheap. Cady Lister is a chief economist with Alaska Energy Authority, a state corporation that works to reduce the cost of energy.
“If you are in a small isolated village that has to have fuel flow in, or even just barged in, but just at a high cost, you still are paying amongst the highest cost for heating fuel and for electricity in the country,” they said.
Just how high is the cost of heating fuel? It varies wildly across the state Lister says.
The state surveys communities on the cost of heating fuel twice a year. In the most recent survey, the lowest price was $1.40 in Atqasuk, on the North Slope, where the borough subsidizes the price.
“And the highest was Shishmaref at a little over $15 per gallon, which is pretty astronomical,” they said.
Even heating fuel at about $4.50 a gallon, which is close to the state average right now, can put a significant economic strain on families. For example, in the lower Yukon Kuskokwim region, families spend an average of 26 percent of their income on heat and electricity. Compare that to the railbelt, where that figure is a little less than seven percent.
Lister says given that economic burden, residents are pretty resourceful — they find other ways to heat their homes, like wood.
“If you're in a place where there's a lot of forest and a lot of wood and biomass around, you're obviously going to have households that are taking advantage of that resource,” they said. “There are large parts of the state where there are not a lot of trees and there's not a lot of option in terms of what you use to heat your home.”
Even in treeless communities though, residents often find ways to scavenge for wood. In places where cord wood is for sale, Lister says one of the things people like about that option is that the cost is relatively stable.
“Over the last ten years, we see it's 200 – 300 dollars a cord and there's not a whole lot of change to that. It doesn't really follow the price of heating fuel like it could. And that is a benefit to people,” they said.
But Lister says no matter where you are or how you heat your home, the single most effective way to mitigate the high cost of fuel is energy efficiency.
JERUSALEM, April 5 Venture capital firm 83North has raised a $250 million fund, its largest yet, to invest in European and Israel technology companies.
The group said on Wednesday the new fund, its fourth in 11 years, brings its total capital under management to $800 million.
Its earlier funds backed more than 40 companies, including Germany's Hybris Software, which was acquired by SAP in 2013; ScaleIO, which was bought by EMC Corp; and Britain's Just Eat , which went public in London.
83North started as Greylock IL, an affiliate fund of Silicon Valley's Greylock Partners, an early investor in companies such as Facebook and LinkedIn. Today, 83North is an independent firm investing in European and Israeli firms. (Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch)
The Laurens County Sheriff's Office said an investigation is underway after a two-year-old was found dead at a residence in Clinton.
Scroll for more content...
Deputies said they responded to residence on Country Lane on Saturday and found the child deceased inside the home.
According to deputies, the child appeared to have been brutally beaten and had apparent injuries all over their body. The sheriff's office said the child was sexually molested before death.
The coroner identified the child as Brantley Smith.
Deputies said the child's mother, Jessica Blake Smith and their boyfriend, William Ryan Looper, were arrested in connection with the child's death.
Sheriff Don Reynolds said Looper has previously been arrested for break-ins.
Two other children, six and seven years old, were also at the residence, Sheriff Reynolds said. They have been taken to a hospital for examination.
"These animals, who are possessed with pure evil, have no place in our society. There is no rehabilitation for people this evil. I'm sure God has a place for these broken individuals, as they do for these precious children," Sheriff Reynolds said.
Deputies said Looper has been charged with murder, criminal sexual conduct with a minor 1st degree and two counts of unlawful conduct toward a child. Smith was charged with homicide by child abuse and two counts of unlawful conduct toward a child.
A vigil for Brantley was held on Sunday at the Laurens County Sheriff's Office.
Pamela “Pam” Jean Newberg, 57, of Colorado Springs, was received into heaven on June 26, 2018 after an 18-month long battle with cancer.
Memorial services were held at 11 a.m. on Saturday, June 30 at The Theatre at New Life Church (11025 Voyager Parkway in Colorado Springs). Arrangements are under the direction of The Springs Funeral Services-North, in Colorado Springs. Condolences may be sent online to www.tsfs.co.
Pam was born on March 2, 1961 to Clarence Scott and Margaret Moir in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
Pam was a devoted follower of Christ, an amazing wife, mother, and grandma, and a friend to many.
They were a home school mom, and they were the founder and leader of High Country Home Educators for 20 years.
Pam was also a leader and facilitator of Their Healing Journey ministry for women. They loved the outdoors, hiking, and gardening.
Pam was a longtime resident of Colorado Springs and was a member of New Life Church.
Pam is survived by their loving husband, Brian; three sons: Zach (Ashley) Newberg, and Josiah (Katie) Newberg, both of Colorado Springs, and Caleb Newberg of New Zealand; a daughter, Tami (Peter) Wahba of Colorado Springs; grandchildren Aribelle Newberg, Clarette Newberg, Kinsley Wahba, and Zane Wahba; two brothers, Chuck (Kathleen) Scott of Twin Falls, Idaho, and Rick (Lori) Scott of Littleton, Colorado; and two sisters, Patti (Dave) Christiansen of Moville, Iowa and Carol (Dave) Hall of Lincoln, Nebraska.
By Vera M. Kutzinsk
Langston Hughes, whom Carl Van Vechten memorably called “the Poet Laureate of the Negro race,” was born on 1 February 1902 in Joplin, Missouri; they died in New York City on 22 May 1967. This year, then, we celebrate Hughes‘ birthday at the beginning of what is now Black History Month, and we honor the fiftieth anniversary of their untimely passing. Remembering Hughes will no doubt lead to more books, articles, and conferences, which is as it should be. This work will be added to what has already been written about Hughes, much of it based on the Langston Hughes Papers at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale.
Given these riches, one would imagine that there is little left to discover about Hughes. And yet, new material—new to us now—still surfaces from time to time. The story I would like to share here, however briefly, has to do with one such unexpected surfacing. It speaks loudly to the international reputation Langston Hughes enjoyed for most of their life, something we tend to forget here at home.
On 20 October 2016, I received an email from Nora Galer, one of Julio Galer's three children, who, it turns out had been living in New York City for the past twenty-five years. They told me that they have in their possession all the letters their father, who passed in 2006, had kept from their long correspondence with Langston Hughes. If you don't know who Julio Galer is, you're not alone, and that is the point of recounting this story.
Born in Argentina, Julio Galer was one of Hughes's many literary translators, and, as we well know, translators tend to be rather invisible. They certainly have not exactly received the attention they deserve. Galer stands out among those who translated Hughes's writings into many languages because their interest in Hughes's work was much more than a passing fancy. Starting in the later 1940s, Julio Galer worked tirelessly on their Spanish translations of Hughes's autobiographical writings, fiction, plays, and of course poetry. In 1956, they published a hefty collection of their versions of Hughes's poems in Buenos Aires. Throughout all this, Galer and Hughes corresponded for almost twenty years, from 1948 to 1966.
I was familiar with Galer's translations and had written about them in The Worlds of Langston Hughes (2012), but I had no idea about the extent of their correspondence with Hughes. All I knew at the time was that they had sent Hughes a copy of their book, Poemas de Langston Hughes, which I had found at Beinecke Library, along with the Spanish versions of Mulatto, Laughing to keep from Crying, and I Wonder as I Wander.
It wasn't until I flew up to New York City barely two weeks after Nora Galer's email, talked with them at length, and perused their father's papers, that I began to appreciate how much of a serious commitment Julio Galer's Hughes translations had been from the very start. “You see, Mr. Hughes,” the twenty-three-old Galer writes in their first letter from April 1948, “I do not undertake this heavy task just for commercial purposes, I do not make my living translating but teaching. But I want to put at the disposal of the Spanish speaking public your wonderful poetic production.… In my opinion the translator is like the apostle, because, like him, their mission is to spread the holy word, in this case the holy word of beauty and knowledge.”
Continue onto Oxford Univeristy's Press Blog to read the complete article.
Did the Rise of Ride-Hailing Contribute to a Decrease in Chicago DUI arrests?
Studies have shown that ride-hailing services like Uber and Lyft are making traffic congestion worse and contributing to a decrease in transit ridership in American cities, which is why the city of Chicago recently implemented a new tax on ride-share to fund CTA infrastructure. But one definite benefit of the rise of ride-hailing is that the services make it easier to go out on the town without taking a private car, which helps people avoid intoxicated driving on their way home.
A study recently commissioned by Moll Law Group attempted to quantify whether there was a reduction in DUI arrests in ten major cities in conjunction with the launch of ride-share. These included Chicago, San Francisco, Seattle, Denver, Philadelphia, San Diego, Sacramento, San Jose, Los Angeles, and Las Vegas. The report compared the average number of DUI arrests two years before Uber launched in these cities to the average number during subsequent years and found that the number decreased in all of the cities.
Las Vegas and San Diego had the largest decreases, 37 percent and 26 percent, respectively. Most of the cities have seen a fairly steady decline in arrests since before Uber launched, which may be attributable to a number of factors, including the possibility of decreased DUI enforcement by police. Therefore, it's not entirely clear whether ride-sharing has accelerated the decrease in arrests.
For what it's worth, Chicago has seen a significant drop in DUI arrests in recent years. In the two years before Uber debuted here in September 2011, the average number of arrests per year was 4,018, according to Chicago Police Department data. From 2011 to 2016, the average number of arrests declined to 3,284 per year, an 18 percent dip.
But, again, correlation is not causation, so it's not certain that the decrease in Chicago DUI arrests can be attributed to ride-sharing. In fact, the number of arrests actually spiked in the year after Uber appeared on the scene, increasing from 3,037 in 2011 to 3,795 in 2012, before dropping continuously over the next for years to 2,592.
While the study doesn't conclusively prove that ride-hailing deserves credit reducing drunk driving, it does suggest that — as one might expect — the technology may be contributing to a reduction in DUI arrests in Chicago and across the country.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Claire's has filed for bankruptcy. The hub for ear piercings at malls across America are the latest retailer to succumb to its massive pile of debt.
Claire's, which says it has pierced more than 100 million ears around the world, reached a restructuring agreement with its creditors. In a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing on Monday, Claire's said it will reduce its debt by $1.9 billion. It held $2.1 billion in debt at the end of 2017.
The company will continue to operate its approximately 1,600 Claire's and Icing brand stores in the United States during the bankruptcy process and expects to complete it by September. International stores are not part of the restructuring agreement.
"This transaction substantially reduces the debt on our balance sheet," Claire's CEO Ron Marshall said in a statement. "We will complete this process as a healthier, more profitable company." Marshall came from now-defunct bookstore chain Borders.
Claire's struggles stem from a deal it struck more than a decade ago that left it burdened with debt.
In 2007, Apollo Management, a private equity firm, bought Claire's for $3.1 billion and took the company private in what's known as a leveraged buyout.
Claire's could never escape its debt load. As traffic slowed to its brick-and-mortar stores, shoppers moved to digital channels and fast fashion chains such as H&M, Zara and Forever 21 chipped away at sales.
Claire's joins a long line of retailers that have filed for bankruptcy in recent years, including Toys "R" Us, Payless Shoes, Gymboree, Rue21, The Limited and RadioShack.
Toys "R" Us, another company left deep in debt from a leveraged buyout, said last week that it was liquidating its 735 stores in the United States.
Claire's believes a lighter balance sheet will help it avoid Toys "R" Us' fate and still remain a "Girl's Best Friend." And the company says its business is Amazon-proof because you can't pierce your ears online.
By Scott Sullivan
Editor
Saugatuck Township Fire District Chief Janik last week submitted their written objections to three provisions made by the township board when it amended International Fire Code standards.
The board voted 3-2 Aug. 2 to change fire cost-recovery policies over objections by fire district partners Douglas and Saugatuck cities plus department leaders.
The township majority — citing some area builders who have complained the department's interpretation and enforcement of the Code has been overreaching — shifted some of those powers to township zoning administrator Steve Kushion.
Janik has argued the IFC exists to protect public and firefighters' safety and the department enforces it impartially. “Lives are at stake,” they said.
The Aug. 2 vote and subsequent township actions prompted two residents to file recall petition language against four board members. The Allegan County Election Commission for the second time Monday (see related story this week) weighed whether the claims' terms were clear and factual enough to allow that effort to proceed.
Janik's specific objections are to:
Water supply and fire flow restrictions placed by fire code officials on one- or two-family dwellings to require review by the township planning commission,
Fire code officials inspecting rental dwellings only upon the request of the township zoning administrator, and
Fire code officials not being authorized to implement stop-work orders authorization by the township building official.
The district, Janik said, did not agree to any of these amendments. Fire code officials, they claimed further, are better qualified to address code specifics than nonprofessionals.
Janik, Kushion, township supervisor Jon Phillips and fire board representatives from each of the member governments — Roy McIlwaine from the township, Kathryn Mooradian from Douglas and Marilyn Starring from Saugatuck city – were slated to meet Tuesday, Dec. 4, to discuss resolving the two sides' differences. With no quorum present, no action could be taken by any partner entity.
0 University of Memphis students protest after frat uses 'N-word'
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - Dozens of University of Memphis students are demanding action after a fraternity member used a racial slur.
It happened at a sorority philanthropy event. Students want to see a change in university culture.
“I saw it on my Twitter, my Snapchat, my Instagram,” said Jarrell Gray.
Gray kept hearing about a philanthropy event that ended up sparking a protest on the University of Memphis campus Monday morning.
Trending stories:
“Very disappointed because the school and PanHellenic community is supposed to be about unity,” said Gray.
They said a Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity member used the "n-word" during Pi Beta Phi's annual PanHellenic fundraiser Friday.
Gray and dozens of other students sang a different song to show they condemned the action. The song is called “Life Every Voice and Sing.”
“We're still dealing with people not knowing how to effectively communicate with one another,” said Tamesha Brooks. “You have to be mindful of what you say, how you say it, and when you say it.”
The NAACP was one of many groups that organized the event. Member Katarion Rose said they're willing to continue their efforts to see a change in the university's culture.
“Hopefully they'll hear us and understand where we're coming from and take this seriously, but if not, we'll just…if we have to continue protesting then we will,” said Rose.
The fraternity sent us a statement that says in part:
"Immediately following the event this member was suspended from the fraternity.
Use of offensive and hurtful language does not align with the values of Sigma Phi Epsilon."
Gray said they want every student at the UofM to understand that these slurs negatively affect each person involved.
“We cannot unify if we are separating ourselves from other people because of our differences,” said Gray.
Sig Ep's statement also says they are working with the university administration in their investigation of this event.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
The Governor of Edo State, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, on Monday paid an unscheduled inspection visit to the state radio and television stations, Edo Broadcasting Service and the Nigerian Observer, publishers of the Observer newspaper titles and hinted that the media outfits would be overhauled for optimal performance.
Speaking after inspecting the facilities at the Edo Broadcasting Service in Benin City, Obaseki said their administration has resolved to leverage on digital technology so that the media outfit can compete favourably with similar enterprises across the country.
“Clearly, we need to upgrade the technology of this media outfit to conform to the requirements of the digital era. We also need to upgrade the premises and the quality of people working here,” the governor said.
They explained that the radio and television stations did very well in ages preceding the digital era, but stressed that the digital age demands continuous scaling up to meet present day quality of service delivery.
Obaseki who was taken round by the Assistant General Manager (AGM) Engineering, Mrs. Ameze Osagie, assured that their administration would reclaim the portion of EBS land taken over by private developers to ensure there is enough land space for effective operation of the media outfit.
“We have laws in place, for those who have taken government land around this area, we need to recover the land to enable us carry out the overhaul we are planning for the outfit,” they added.
A similar feeling of disappointment was expressed by the governor at the facilities of the Nigerian Observer, publishers of the Observer titles established by the late Brig.General Samuel Ogbemudia (rtd.) fifty years ago.
Obaseki said they were in consultation with media experts to come up with a clear roadmap on what to do with the newspaper company.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Chancellor Angela Merkel is setting aside €90m (£76m) in taxpayers' money to create a fund which will pay migrants to withdraw their asylum applications and leave Germany voluntarily.
The handouts will form part of a 16-point plan to speed up the removal of rejected asylum seekers, after Tunisian migrant Anis Amri murdered a Polish lorry driver, hijacked their vehicle and drove it into a Christmas market in Berlin while awaiting deportation.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
U.S. president Donald Trump told The Times that Merkel made a “catastrophic mistake” when they opened the doors to an unlimited number of migrants in 2015. Them vice-chancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, later admitted that their superior had underestimated how difficult it would be to integrate migrants on such a grand scale, and that Germany had been plunged into a kulturkampf, or “cultural war”, as a result.
Germany rejected 170,000 asylum claims in 2016 but, according to the Mail, just 26,000 were repatriated. 55,000 more decided to leave voluntarily – apparently leaving 81,000 bogus applicants unaccounted for.
“We rely heavily on voluntary departures,” admitted Chancellor Merkel, who was announcing the package after falling behind the Social Democrats in polls for Germany's upcoming elections.
Martin Schulz, the former President of the European Parliament who has been nominated as the Social Democrat challenger to Merkel, said they backed the proposals to speed up deportations.
Schulz has previously insisted that “the people who are arriving [in Europe] are refugees who have been threatened [and] we should welcome them” – a statement which is at odds with the Vice-President of the European Commission's admission that at least 60 per cent are economic migrants.
As a leading figure in the European Union, Schulz was a strong supporter of the compulsory migrant quotas. These were forced through by the bloc despite strong opposition from central and eastern European member-states, which did not agree with Germany's unilateral decision to throw open the borders.
Schulz hit out strongly at these countries in 2015, accusing them of “national egotism in its purest form”.
Polish interior minister Mariusz Blaszczak described at Schulz's words as “an example of German arrogance”.
Ahmedabad: As the clock ticks for the second phase of Assembly polls in central and north Gujarat on December 14, all eyes are on 39 lakh voters of 16 seats in the mega city, considered a stronghold of the BJP since the 90s.
During the 2012 Assembly polls, the BJP won 14 seats in Ahmedabad. Like other cities of Gujarat, the voters of this bustling urban centre have been standing firmly behind the BJP since the early 90s.
At least five seats have a sizable population of Patidars. These areas witnessed violence and arson during the quota agitation led by Hardik Patel two years back.
Four seats have a considerable number of Muslim voters. The Maninagar constituency, represented by Prime Minister Narendra Modi thrice from 2002 till 2014 as then MLA and Gujarat chief minister, can easily be termed as the city's most high profile seat and a bastion of the BJP. In 2012, Modi won by a margin of over 86,000 votes.
An English soccer player took themselves out of the team's critical elimination game of the 2018 FIFA World Cup to attend the birth of their third child.
Fabian Delph, 28, flew home from Russia on Friday to watch their wife, Natalie, give birth to their child five days later on Wednesday morning, according to the BBC.
While leaving meant Delph missed England's elimination game against Colombia, the midfielder — who played in England's match against Belgium on June 28 — Delph expressed no regrets when they took to Instagram to announce the birth of their daughter.
They also confirmed that they were returning to Russia to rejoin their team, which had a thrilling victory over Colombia on Tuesday after beating Colombia 4-3 in penalty kicks.
“I've just experienced the most amazing 24 hours,” Delph wrote. “Watching my brothers come through a tough game both mentally and physically, I kicked every ball and felt every bit of emotion with the players, staff and fans.”
They added: “At 07:52 Me my wife and 2 beautiful daughters welcomed there baby sister into the world. I can't put into words the happiness and gratitude I'm feeling… Back to Russia now.”
RELATED: 5 Things to Know About the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia
Many fans left congratulatory messages for Delph on the Instagram post, which garnered more than 15,000 likes just a few hours after its posting.
According to Yahoo Sports, Delph had the blessing and full support of England's general manager, Gareth Southgate.
“Some things in life are more important than football,” Southgate said, according to the outlet. “His focus needs to be with their family at this time.”
Even while the World Cup is soccer's biggest and most iconic tournament —which can make or break the legacies of individual players and countries — Southgate acknowledged the magnitude of a parent attending a child's birth.
“It's a bit of perspective in life,” they continued. “Everybody says you only get one chance to be in a World Cup, but also there's only one day in your life where your children are born.”
RELATED VIDEO: Team Japan Leaves Locker Room Spotless and Pens Thank You Note After Crushing World Cup Loss
Delph has said he's appreciated their manager's understanding.
“Gareth Southgate has been fantastic,” Delph said in May, according to Yahoo Sports. “There's nothing more important than family to me — family always comes first and always will.”
With England's win over Colombia on Tuesday, the team will face Sweden in the quarterfinals of the tournament on July 7.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
Python Developer
Jnr-Mid Python Developer is wanted for a well-established technology solutions company in the Cape Town North area.
The client is growing their core products and have exciting new projects in the pipeline.
Qualifications & Requirements:
– Relevant tertiary qualification (Software Development or Computer Science)
– 1-3+ years' experience with Python/ Django
Experience in the following is a plus:
– Guide and implement software and product design
– Produce code in line with project requirements
– Perform and request code reviews
– Write and maintain unit and functional test
– Debugging software for optimum functioning
– Reproducing and locate source of reported bugs and issues
– Fix bugs and issues
– Communicate errors and solutions to product owners
– Maintaining software and related repositories and databases
*Please send links or project experience and Skills Matrix and academic transcripts with your profile for better feedback.
Should you meet the requirements for this position, please email your CV to (email address) or fax to (contact number). You can also contact Justine on (contact number) or alternatively visit our website on www.hireresolve.co.za
Correspondence will only be conducted with short listed candidates. Should you not hear from us within 3 working days after the closing date, please consider your application unsuccessful.
Hire Resolve offers a R1000 for any candidate that is referred and placed through Hire Resolve. Hire Resolve also offers a R1000 job spec fee for any referral that results in a placement through Hire Resolve. If your company is looking for any IT, Finance or Engineering staff, please email us at (email address) with the company name, a contact person and contact email or number of the person doing the hiring. We will keep the referral strictly confidential.
Learn more/Apply for this position
ASHEVILLE, N.C. — Ahmad Thomas scored 19 of their 24 points in the second half when UNC Asheville pulled away for a 75-61 victory over Presbyterian on Saturday and took sole possession of first place in the Big South.
Thomas grabbed a career-high 14 rebounds, just missing a triple-double with nine assists. Raekwon Miller added 14 points and Jonathan Baehre 11 with five blocks for the Bulldogs (16-9, 9-3), who are alone atop the conference with Radford (8-4) losing to Winthrop (8-4) earlier Saturday.
The Bulldogs have won five straight and eight of their last nine in improving to 11-0 at home, 20-0 dating to last season.
Asheville took the lead for good at 11:20 of the first half, which ended 37-31. The Bulldogs led 65-57 with six minutes left before finishing on a 12-4 run.
HELSINKI (Reuters) - More than 7,000 Finns rallied on Friday in Helsinki to protest cuts to unemployment benefits, with strikes halting public transport in the capital and closing harbours and factories around the country.
The demonstrators, mainly union activists, gathered outside the Government's Palace and called on the centre-right government to revoke a new law that pushes the jobless to take on short-term jobs or risk of losing some of their benefits.
Around 200,000 industrial, transport and construction workers went on strike, and other unions encouraged their members to join the demonstration in Helsinki.
“My promise to you is, that when the Social Democrats (SDP) is in the government, we will cancel this,” Antti Rinne, the leader of the biggest opposition party, told the crowd.
Unions are powerful in Finland, and SDP has close relationship with them.
Finnish Technology Industries estimated that the one-day strike cost its member companies 230 million euros ($287 million) in lost revenue.
People demonstrate against unemployment benefit cuts by the Finnish government in Helsinki, Finland February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Tuomas Forsell
“Why isnt the metro, the busses or the trams running? They're blocked by the left's soapbox. Party politics from the 70‘s”, Sampo Terho, minister for European affairs and leader of the co-ruling Blue Reform party, wrote on their Twitter account.
The Finnish economy has recovered from a slump and is now growing briskly. But at 8.4 percent, its jobless rate remains higher than unemployment in other Nordic countries, putting a strain on public finances and a generous welfare system in the face of an ageing population.
Slideshow (2 Images)
The government has sought to solve the fiscal problem with spending cuts, healthcare reforms and a 2016 labour reform pact, which cut workers' benefits for the first time in a century.
The new “activation model” law reduces monthly unemployment benefit by 4.6 percent if claimants fail to do 18 hours' work in three months and actively seek new employment. That violates the 2016 pact, unions say.
“The government has let us down. We agreed to the competitiveness pact with the condition that unemployment benefits stay untouched. And now they've done it anyway,” Jani Polla, a metalworker who had traveled from south-western city of Turku, told Reuters.
The government has promised to give more money for services to support jobseekers, noting that the activation model was part of a larger reform package which has been negotiated together with labour unions.
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Crossrail security guard from Shadwell, Tower Hamlets, has been jailed for six years for trying to join Islamic State in Syria.
Bangladeshi national Shamim Ahmed, 24, was stopped at the Syrian border in Turkey and returned to Britain last year. They were found with extremist material on their phone which they had used to research ways to join the terrorist organisation.
They pleaded guilty to preparation of terrorist acts and was sentenced at the Old Bailey to six years in prison with an additional year on licence. They said they only recognised sharia law.
Ahmed had a history of tell-tale extremist activity. They admitted threatening to damage a bookshop if it sold copies of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo shortly after a terror attack at the publication's offices.
In November 2015 they pleaded guilty to two counts of malicious communications and was given a suspended sentence and a year before they had sent an email to Prime Minister David Cameron threatening to wage jihad and slaughter against Israel and its allies, saying: “We are coming for you soon for revenge. Just wait and watch.”
At their sentencing hearing on Wednesday they began wagging their finger and mumbling the derogatory term “kuffar'”as they were sentenced before telling a dock officer: “I'm going to punch you in the face.”
Ahmed was sent back to the cells after shouting: “Wage jihad wherever we are… Target the civilians, tourist sites, tourist sites, inshallah [God willing].”
Sue Hemming, of the Crown Prosecution Service, said: “People thinking of travelling to Syria to engage in violence can expect to be returned to the UK to face prosecution and a potential prison sentence, with all that means for them and their loved ones.
“Ahmed's plan to join IS has been thwarted and they will no longer pose a threat to the public in the UK or abroad.”
Questions may arise about the escalation of Ahmed's radicalisation and their ability to work for Crossrail which has access to a number of sensitive sites across the capital.
ANKARA Austria should turn back from its "wrong policy" regarding Turkey's talks of joining the European Union, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Friday.
Speaking on the sidelines of a European foreign ministers' summit in Malta, Cavusoglu said they sensed a "positive atmosphere" from leading European lawmakers regarding Turkey's talks to join the bloc. They said dialogue between the two sides would continue.
Austria has long called for a complete end to Turkey's EU bid, but many other EU states have been more cautious, acutely aware that the bloc needs Ankara's help in keeping a lid on the flow of refugees and migrants from the Middle East.
(Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Dynamo score twice in stoppage time for 2-2 tie with LAFC
HOUSTON (AP) — Mauro Manotas and Philippe Senderos both scored in stoppage time to help the Houston Dynamo to a 2-2 tie with Los Angeles FC on Tuesday night.
The opening kickoff was delayed more than 90 minutes due to lightning in the area.
Senderos made it 2-2 in the sixth minute of stoppage time when their volley of a header by Alberth Elis deflected off defender Mark-Anthony Kaye into the net.
Latif Blessing gave LAFC (9-4-4) a 1-0 lead in the fifth minute, rolling a side-netter past the outstretched arms of diving goalkeeper Joe Willis and Kaye doubled the advantage in the 72nd.
Manotas ran onto long pass from DaMarcus Beasley and slipped past defender Laurent Ciman before beating goalkeeper Tyler Miller to pull the Dynamo (6-6-3) within a goal in the fourth minute of stoppage time.
LAFC is unbeaten in its last four games.
An odd and unexpected kerfuffle at Aurora Public Schools isn't unlike that dream you have where the neighbor that hates your guts buys you a brand-new car and fills the tank.
You instinctively know something is amiss.
That same feeling woke me right up a couple of weeks ago while perusing a letter to the editor from a local Republican wag. It came not long after the Aurora Public Schools board approved a resolution May 16 directing the superintendent to find ways to make APS sort of sanctuary school district for illegal immigrants.
Of course I and other bleeding-heart types were fast to gush all over the notion. It pushes back against worries that the Trump Administration will start rounding up illegal immigrants into railroad box cars and warehouse them at internment camps until they can be shipped to Nogales, or something like that.
In reality, it wisely gets the school district ready to deal with students if their parents are picked up by ICE squads while the kids are in class. It also directs the schools to refuse to give information about citizenship status to the feds if they come poking around.
The school board voted unanimously in May to back the immigration resolution, and the Aurora Sentinel prominently backed the move.
So Republican strategist Tyler Sandberg's letter to the editor came as no surprise. I figured they would be calling out our bluster as just so much liberal tripe.
Surprise!
Sandberg was, instead, calling out APS board director Cathy Wildman for ruining a perfectly good school board meeting with their racist rant.
Huh?
Sandberg was formerly the hired political gun for Congressman Mike Coffman when they ran against former House Speaker Andrew Romanoff. They have long been associated with a part of the GOP once dead set on zero tolerance for illegal immigration and ready to ship out anyone's mother if they don't have U.S. credentials. That's changed some to accommodate Aurora's very diverse demographics, but these are not political activists hiding Guatemalan nationals in their basements.
And Wildman? She's a retired school teacher-cum-school-board-member.
Sandberg's charge was that at the May 16 school board meeting Wildman criticized the resolution because it prompted the school district to protect “rule breakers.”
It was a good point, albeit an obvious one. There would be no need for the resolution if there weren't thousands of “rule breakers” in school or living with rule-breaking family members at home.
But they went on to say that their nieces in Arizona were driving south in that state and were turned back by warnings that the border towns were unsafe because of tensions over immigration. At least that's what I think they meant to say, although it makes no sense why they would say such a thing during that meeting.
So imagine my surprise to have someone who has previously talked about the danger of political correctness and the need to enforce the laws we have suddenly lecturing a retired APS teacher on racial sensitivity and the need to protect illegal immigrants from such abuses.
Blink, blink, blink.
I listened even more closely to a recording of Wildman's odd comments. I was perplexed as to why they would say such things. Wildman's remarks didn't make my liberal swoon-o-meter surge, but they did make me squinty. They were pretty dumb things to say. Was Wildman being a racist pig? No way. But Sandberg was certainly entitled to and able to justify their opinion.
The letter ran.
And then new critics showed up at the June 6 school board meeting. One former and two current APS students showed up at the meeting to call Wildman out. Some admitted there was a link between growing right-wing forces and prompts to have students publicly criticize Wildman.
After being called out by students, Wildman doubled down by saying they were being politically attacked for innocuous remarks taken out of context. They never apologized.
The remarks weren't harmless, they were dubious. They could have taken them back and apologized. Instead, they were dismissive.
School board president Amber Drevon sent out a new missive late last week, saying Wildman was speaking only for herself.
That prompted Wildman to email Aurora Sentinel reporter Ramsey Scott to complain about their most recent story about Wildman getting their information about immigration tensions from the Center for Immigration Studies, a spurious right-wing anti-immigration group. They wanted our readers to know that they came across that on Wikipedia.com doing research on immigration problems. She's now under fire from a group of right-wing folks, many of whom support the Center for Immigration Studies, called out by the Southern Poverty Law Center.
So now we have former teachers using Wiki to research critical school district policies?
I'd say Wildman gets a “D” for that stunt and a “D-minus” for oratory skills. But this tussle hardly shows them to be a bigot.
I agree that for, whatever reason, she's the target of a politically motivated strike, a portent of what's to come as the next election cycle heats up this fall. But Wildman suffers from self-inflicted wounds.
The lesson here? Raise the bar when you're doing your homework, and when speaking in public, choose your words as if everybody is listening.
Follow @EditorDavePerry on Twitter and Facebook. Reach them at 303-750-7555 or dperry@aurorasentinel.com
On the Thursday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart London Editor-in-Chief Raheem Kassam will be discussing the shooting of GOP member of congress Steve Scalise at a baseball practice.
Tim Graham, Executive Editor of Newsbusters.org, will give their thoughts on the news media reaction to the Scalise shooting as well as how Megyn Kelly is facing backlash over their interview with Alex Jones.
Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) will also provide their reaction to the shooting of Scalise.
We will hear from Frank Gaffney, president and CEO of the Center for Security Policy, on the recent marches against Sharia, President Trump's travel ban, North Korea's freeing of American Otto Warmbier, as well as the Jeff Sessions hearing.
Breitbart News' Matt Boyle will also discuss the Democrats' response to the shooting of Scalise.
We will also hear from Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-FL) on their experience at the GOP baseball practice where Scalise was shot.
Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news.
Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record.”
Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at: 866-957-2874.
Andrew Belliveau, of Lynn, Massachusetts, was just 10 years old when they were diagnosed with gastroparesis, a condition that they say left their “stomach paralyzed,” causing them to starve from the inside out.
“I was so young at the time so I didn't even understand what the doctor was saying. We'd never even heard of this, it was so shocking at the time,” Belliveau, 21, tells PEOPLE. “I had just started middle school and I came down with what I thought was your normal stomach bug, but as the weeks progressed it kept getting worse.”
Gastroparesis, or delayed gastric emptying, slows movement of food from the stomach through the digestive tract. Symptoms include nausea and severe vomiting. Belliveau says the condition is like living with the flu virus each day and “as much as you want to eat, your body is not allowing you to.”
Courtesy Andrew Belliveau
“I had to force myself to eat, knowing I'd vomit it up a few hours later. I'd just hoped for the best, that I'd absorb any nutrients that I could. You pay the price for eating. It's like you're trapped inside your own body tying to get nutrients. You're always hungry.”
Although most people with the illness are tube-fed, with some even starving to death, Belliveau says they have been fortunate enough to get a gastric stimulator — which they say eases their symptoms and allows them to eat normally as it functions like a “pacemaker for your stomach.”
Belliveau has been able to help bring awareness to the condition and to other people who suffer from the illness. They recently started the Gastroparesis Pie Face Challenge to raise awareness of the condition, encouraging people to take a pie to the face and donate to G-PACT, a non-profit organization that supports people with gastroparesis.
“I was like, ‘Maybe I can have my own Ice Bucket Challenge,' ” they tell PEOPLE, noting that they were inspired by HASBRO's “Pie Face!” game. “I was determined to get it off the ground.”
And they did. Athletes including Boston Red Sox players David Price, Brock Holt, Rick Porcello and more have taken part in the challenge. Their support is extra special to Belliveau, who says they love to play baseball.
“To see these athletes take part in the challenge is something that truly means a lot to me,” they tell PEOPLE. “They're inspirations for me to keep going and keep fighting through my illness. Baseball was kind of like my escape throughout it all, so to see them actually take part and help me in my effort … it's really remarkable.”
They say he's received messages from gastroparesis patients from around the world, many whom have credited Belliveau for giving them hope.
“Just hearing people, and receiving messages, saying, ‘You've given me newfound hope or you're making my life easier or I thought I was alone,' It's just really cool to see how I've united millions of people,” Belliveau tells PEOPLE.
After years of construction cones and traffic delays, the widening project on I-10 is nearly complete.
UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura arrives at a meeting with government delegation during Syria peace talks in Geneva, Switzerland March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrice Coffrini/Pool
GENEVA Representatives of Syria's warring sides went into considerable detail on the substance of the agreed agenda during a round of Syria talks that ended on Friday, and are keen to return for another round, U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura said.
"I believe I can speak on behalf of all who participate that we must maintain this incremental progress on the political process, even if only incremental," they told reporters.
"I cannot deny that there are serious challenges and I am not seeing this immediately developing into a peace agreement, no doubt about that."
(Reporting by Tom Miles and Stephanie Nebehay)
OTTAWA Negotiators from the remaining members of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) gathered in Canada on Tuesday seeking ways to boost free trade in the region after the United States pulled out of the 12-nation pact.
The withdrawal killed off years of negotiations and left the region looking for ways to deepen economic ties without a United States that appears increasingly suspicious of multilateral deals.
The two-day meeting of senior officials in Toronto will deliver recommendations in time for an Asian trade ministers' meeting in Vietnam later this month.
Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said last month Tokyo would not rule out the option of negotiating a TPP-type agreement without the United States.
Joseph Pickerill, chief spokesperson for Canadian Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne, said officials will be looking at what kind of free trade arrangement or framework for the region would receive the most support.
"I wouldn't characterize it as being TPP part two," they said.
Asked about the chances of pressing ahead with "a TPP-minus-one deal," Champagne said on Monday: "We're going to see, and that's why we're meeting next in Vietnam. But what's important now is to look at all options".
President Donald Trump pulled the United States out of the TPP in late January, complaining about "ridiculous trade deals" they said had damaged the U.S. economy.
In March, Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said the TPP as originally drawn up could not exist without U.S. ratification, adding that some "sort of other combination of TPP interested countries could happen".
(Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
[India], May 30 (ANI): The Supreme Court on Wednesday has refused to stay the announcement of results for Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) 2018.
The apex court's vacation bench, headed by Justice A.M. Khanwilkar and Justice Naveen Sinha, was hearing six pleas, filed by the candidates who had appeared for the CLAT, seeking direction to quash the May 13 examination and hold it afresh.
Last week, the petitioners had moved to the top court saying that the CLAT aspirants reportedly faced various technical problems during the online examination, coupled with lack of proper guidance from staff members and sub-standard infrastructure at the examination centres.
They claimed that the candidates who came from different states to attend the online at almost 200 online examination centres were not being provided proper electronic and online infrastructure during the exam. The top court had on May 25 set up a two-member committee to redress the complaints of law candidates who appeared CLAT this year. On May 24, the apex court had asked the National University of Advanced Legal Studies to bring certain measures or solutions to resolve the ongoing issue. (ANI)
Ricki Lake was a self-proclaimed “cynic” about marriage — but that was before Christian Evans came into their life.
After a messy divorce from Rob Sussman in 2005, the actor and talk show host, 48, didn't expect to fall in love again. But when a mutual friend introduced Lake to the jewelry designer in 2010, the pair became inseparable.
“She's my soulmate,” Evans told PEOPLE in 2012.
The couple got engaged in August of 2011 and eloped on April 8 the following year in an intimate outdoor wedding that was secret, secluded and, “something just for us,” said Lake.
In attendance at the coastal California wedding were Lake and Evans' beloved dogs ― Jeffie, a Goldendoodle, and Pacha, an English bulldog — Lake's glam squad and Evans' hairstylist pal.
During the ceremony, held at a private cottage at the San Ysidro Ranch in Montecito, California, Lake read three pages of “very personal” handwritten vows filled with “how they are an inspiration to me” while Evans opted for “off-the-cuff” approach.
Though Lake — who is mother two sons Milo and Owen — considered a large wedding, they and Evans opted for something more personal. “At the end of the day, the best solution was to have our moment of being together and getting married,” said Evans.
“I'm so happy,” Lake told PEOPLE after saying “I do” to Evans in 2012. “It feels like the most joyous time in my life.”
“It was exactly what we wanted,” Lake said of the 20-minute nondenominational ceremony.
After two-and-a-half years of marriage, Lake separated from Evans on Oct. 9, 2014 and filed for divorce a week later, according to court filings in Los Angeles. Their divorce was finalized in 2015.
On Tuesday, Lake revealed in an emotional Instagram and Facebook post that their ex-husband had passed away after a battle with bipolar disorder.
“It is with a heavy heart that I share that my beloved soulmate, Christian Evans has passed,” Lake began the post. “The world didn't understand this man, but I did. They succumbed to their lifelong struggle with bipolar disorder.”
“For anyone who has ever lost a family member or friend to mental illness, my heart goes out to you. I am a greater person for having known them and spent the past 6 and a half years of my life with him,” they continued. “He was a man of love and what mends my broken heart today knows that they are finally at peace and their spirit is free.”
They ended the post with, “Rest in peace, my love.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Recent news:
ArgoGlobal hires energy underwriter from Munich Re
John Hewitt Jones 11 December 2017
Lloyd's insurer ArgoGlobal has bolstered its energy team with the appointment of Elizabeth Mitchell as onshore energy underwriter, The Insurance Insider can reveal.
Mitchell takes up the role with immediate effect and reports to Jodi Davenport, class underwriter for onshore and downstream energy.
They join the Lloyd's arm of Argo Group from the position of oil and gas underwriter at Munich Re, prior to which they were an assistant underwriter for renewable energy at GCube Underwriting Limited. Mitchell began her...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
VINCENNES, Ind. (WTHI) - Police are investigating an armed robbery at a Vincennes apartment complex.
Scroll for more content...
That is according to a Vincennes University E-Alet.
According to the alert, it happened just after 3:00 on Friday at the Annex Apartment.
Police say the suspects are four black males with handguns.
They say the suspects fled the scene in a newer black Chevy Impala.
If you have any information, you are asked to contact the Vincennes University Police Department at 812-888-5555.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell on Friday as the dollar surged following strong U.S. jobs numbers, though compliance with output cuts by OPEC and rising global demand kept much of the early year oil rally in place.
An increasingly correlated trade between oil, stocks, bonds and the dollar has amplified swings in the markets.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude CLc1 settled down 35 cents to $65.45 a barrel, after earlier losing more than 1 percent. Brent LCOc1 lost $1.07, or 1.5 percent, to $68.58 a barrel. The deep decline in Brent narrowed the gap between it and WTI to its narrowest since August; that wide gap has boosted U.S. exports in recent months.
Oil fell as the dollar rose .DXY after U.S. jobs growth surged in January and wages rose, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years.
“The market this week has had a strong tie with the dollar. When the dollar basically bounced, we had to start selling,” said Gene McGillian, manager of market research at Tradition Energy in Stamford, Connecticut.
The once-strong connection, where oil rises when the dollar falls and vice versa, ebbed between 2014 and 2016 during a three-year supply glut.
With supply tightening, the relationship has reasserted itself. Since the beginning of the year, oil and the U.S. dollar index have had a correlation of -0.86, with -1 being a perfectly inverse relationship.
Futures positioning from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission showed speculators reduced their positions in crude oil futures, though speculators still have a long position of 531,235 contracts, as they have been buying heavily in recent weeks during the oil market rally. [CFTC/]
McGillian said support from buyers will diminish if the coming weeks show additional increases in crude inventories after this week's data showed the first build after 10 weeks of declines.
“If we see refinery rates down that could be the spark that sets up some profit-taking and we could see a correction,” they said.
U.S. crude stocks rose by 6.8 million barrels for the week ended Jan. 26. Output cuts from large producers, strong demand and declining imports has helped draw down U.S. supply.
“Demand has quietly underpinned the tightening of the market over the past year,” said Jon Rigby, UBS analyst, in a note.
January production from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries rose from an eight-month low, according to a Reuters survey. [OPEC/O] Russian data showed strong compliance with output cuts, even as production hit 10.95 million bpd.
The cuts have offset gains in U.S. crude production. U.S. output surpassed 10 million bpd in November for the first time since 1970, the Energy Information Administration said this week.
For the week to Feb. 2, Baker Hughes said drillers added six rigs to bring the overall count to 765, the second straight week of gains.
(Graphic: OPEC compliance with production cut targets, reut.rs/2DT47qk)
March 28 Respiratorius AB (publ):
* US Patent Office issued a Notice of Allowance for a patent application for RESP3000 series, designed for use in cardiovascular diagnostics with PET-camera
* The granted patent includes requirements for enhanced product protection and is in force until December 2031
Source text: bit.ly/2otfsFu
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A woman is facing charges after allegedly opening numerous residents' mail in Harrisburg.
Scroll for more content...
Miracle Jones, 29, is facing theft by unlawful taking for opening over 20 victims' mail.
On July 2, police on patrol began investigating mail thrown on the sidewalks of Pine Street and Front Street in Harrisburg.
Police located Jones opening numerous residents' mail in the area of South Front Street at Strawberry Alley.
When police questioned Jones as to why they were going through mail, they stated they were looking for money, according to police.
Jones was arrested and over 20 victims have been identified so far.
Officers are working with the U.S. Postal Service in this case.
TOKYO Daishi Bank Ltd (8324.T) and Hokuetsu Bank Ltd (8325.T), two small Japanese lenders, said on Wednesday they had agreed to merge their operations, the latest consolidation in regional banks amid a decline in population.
A shrinking population and the central bank's negative interest-rate policy have created a tough business environment for Japan's roughly 100 so-called regional banks, prompting some to merge or take other steps to shore up their operations.
Daishi and Hokuetsu said the merger was needed to strengthen their management platform during this difficult time for the industry.
"Our saving and lending is expected to shrink in the future as population falls," the two banks said in a joint statement.
"Under the nation's extended monetary easing policy, our lending margin and profits from securities investments are expected to shrink as well."
The two banks, both based in Niigata prefecture on the Sea of Japan coast, will set up a holding company in April 2018 under which they will operate. The banks said they have yet to finalise how much each will hold in the new company.
Daishi and Hokuetsu would control 51 percent of the lending in Niigata prefecture, according the Financial Journal Co, an industry publication.
The consolidation of Japan's regional banks has raised some anti-competitive concerns.
The Fair Trade Commission has blocked plans by Fukuoka Financial Group Inc (8354.T) to buy Eighteenth Bank Ltd (8396.T), so it can conduct a further review. Fukuoka Financial wants to merge Eighteenth Bank with Shinwa Bank Ltd, which is already under Fukuoka's control.
If approved, Fukuoka Financial Group would control more than 70 percent of the lending in Nagasaki prefecture.
(Reporting by Junko Fujita; Editing by Himani Sarkar and Randy Fabi)
MINNEAPOLIS — Military Humvees, officers in combat gear and the occasional F-16 flying over downtown Minneapolis are all part of the beefed up security measures that come with hosting the Super Bowl. But those images can be scary for some immigrants and refugees who are worried about terrorism, deportation or even a war they can't forget.
A special team with the city of Minneapolis has been working for weeks to reassure immigrant communities that all the extra muscle is here to keep them safe. The team is reaching out through radio and television broadcasts, social media and in-person meetings with elders and community members. The goal is to keep communities informed about everything from security to transportation issues, and let them know they can also participate in the fun.
"It's a welcoming place ... for people to come downtown and enjoy," said Michael Yang, a southeast Asian community specialist with the city. "You shouldn't have to fear anything."
Minnesota has been a welcoming state for immigrants over the last several decades, thanks in part to its social service programs. The state is home to the largest Somali community in the U.S., roughly 57,000 people according to the latest census figures, most of whom live in the Minneapolis area. The state also has the second-highest Hmong population, behind California.
The team of community specialists in Minneapolis does outreach in immigrant communities all year, but is working with more partners and intensifying efforts in the lead-up to the Super Bowl. Officials believe they have created a model for future Super Bowls or other large events. Among other things, the team is broadcasting weekly radio programs in Spanish, Somali and Hmong and is contracting with others to share social media messages in Spanish, Hmong, Somali, Vietnamese, Oromo and Lao.
The messages are being tailored to each community because while one community might believe armed guards are preventing a terror attack, another might see those same officers as an immigration raid.
"Every community has their own take on the event and their own fears and concerns and we address them by giving them the right information, telling them what's going on," said Rose Lindsay with the community relations unit in the Joint Information Center set up for the Super Bowl.
Yang said that even though Hmong immigrants have been in Minnesota for decades, images of the war they left behind are still fresh. Some people he's met tell them that the armed officers remind them of the military taking over the streets of Laos. Others expressed concern about helicopters or other aircraft flying overhead, saying it reminds them of enemy aircraft.
"With some members of the Hmong community, people are really fearful that there is war," they said.
The Hmong have also expressed fear of a terrorist attack or hate crimes, and weeks ago elders were asking families to stay away from the Super Bowl activities. Yang said their work has helped ease fears. Other team members agree.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
President Trump is pushing for North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) members to spend what they say is their fair share on defense, sending a letter to Norway's Prime Minister Erna Solberg about a week before they are set to meet with key allies at the annual NATO summit in Brussels.
“Norway remains the only NATO ally sharing a border with Russia that lacks a credible plan to spend 2 percent of its gross domestic production on defense,” wrote President Trump.
The letter was one of a series that Trump sent to NATO allies, including Germany, Belgium, Canada and others, demanding they boost spending and threatening to shift the US military presence in Europe if they do not.
Trump has criticized NATO's defense spending in the past.
At a 2014 summit in Wales, NATO members committed to spending 2 percent of their gross domestic product on national defense, and Trump has repeatedly pointed out that NATO allies have not fulfilled this commitment.
Click here to learn more.
The post Trump warns NATO: spend more or face shifts in US military appeared first on 850 WFTL.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Educational Qualification: Master Degree Important Date: Starting date for applying: 29-12-2016 Ending date for applying: 12-1-2017 504 Posts View More Details Apply Online Registration…
* IranAir already has deals with Boeing, Airbus
* Talks required navigating U.S. sanctions still in place
* First ATR could be delivered in days (Adds background, details, deputy minister interview)
By Tim Hepher
PARIS, April 13 Iran secured a contract with a third Western aircraft supplier on Thursday since the easing of sanctions by completing a deal to buy 20 regional turboprops from Europe's ATR, part of an effort to modernise the nation's creaking fleet.
After months of talks that required navigating a way through separate U.S. sanctions and regulations still in place, ATR and Iranian officials said the contract with national carrier IranAir was signed in Tehran.
Iran initially announced the signing on Monday, but ATR said at the time elements were still being finalised.
The first plane in the deal may be dispatched in days from the ATR factory in Toulouse, France, where it has been sitting for months. It will be joined in coming weeks by three further aircraft already painted in IranAir colours.
Jointly owned by Airbus and Italian company Leonardo, ATR said the deal was worth $536 million at list prices and included options for a further 20 aircraft. Commercial aircraft are typically sold at a discount.
It follows deals between IranAir and plane giants Airbus and Boeing for 180 passenger jets, the first three of which - built at Airbus factories in Europe - have already been in delivered.
Iran wants to reopen for business after decades of sanctions. Under a 2015 agreement between Tehran and world powers, Iran secured an easing of sanctions in exchange for curbs on its nuclear technology programme.
The 70-seat ATRs are expected to serve secondary cities inside Iran, as the government of President Hassan Rouhani showcases the results of the nuclear deal in traditionally hardline voting areas before a May presidential election.
Hardline Iranian media and some prominent hardline figures have criticised the plane deals as a waste of resources at a time of continued hardship for many Iranians.
FINANCING CHALLENGES
Rouhani, who is expected to seek re-election, has also faced criticism about the pace of economic recovery from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and their hardline allies, who want to regain the presidency in May.
Iran's fleet renewal continues to be hampered by the reluctance of many Western banks to take part because of U.S. funding restrictions that are not covered by the nuclear deal.
Deputy Roads and Urban Development Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan told Reuters by telephone that Iran was making progress in lining up long-term finance.
Industry sources said potential financiers for Iran's aircraft deals included UAE-based leasing company Dubai Aerospace. They also said Iran had held talks with European and Chinese companies.
Iran was paying cash for its first few aircraft but these payments would be considered deposits for future deliveries once financing was in place, Fakhrieh-Kashan said, adding that ATR had offered to finance eight planes if other funding was not found.
The deal was finalised after a hitch caused by uncertainty about whether engine maker Pratt & Whitney Canada, a unit of U.S. firm United Technologies, needed separate U.S. export licences to provide spares and long-term maintenance.
ATR agreed to provide support until the issue was resolved, Iranian officials said. Pratt & Whitney Canada declined to comment. (Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Edmund Blair)
New Delhi: Delhi, Bengal and Vidarbha on Monday joined Karnataka as the three other teams to enter the semi-finals of the 2017 Ranji Trophy, Indian domestic cricket's premier championship.
While Delhi thrashed Madhya Pradesh by seven wickets to reach the last four, Bengal rode on their first innings lead over defending champions Gujarat in the drawn quarter-final tie. Vidarbha, on the other hand, prevailed over Kerala by 412 runs to reach the semis.
Karnataka had on Sunday humbled 41-time Ranji champions Mumbai by an innings and 20 runs in the fourth quarter-final contest.
On Monday, Delhi rode on skipper Gautam Gambhir's valiant 95 to chase down MP's modest target of 217 at the ACA Cricket Ground in Vijayawada.
Gambhir, who faced 129 balls and struck nine fours and a six, was involved in two fruitful partnerships as the southpaw first added 98 runs for the second wicket with Kunal Chandela (57 off 85 balls) and then 95 with Dhruv Shorey (46 not out off 77 balls) before being run out, five short of a ton.
This was Delhi's fourth outright win of the Ranji season, having finished second in Group A with 27 points to Karnataka's 32.
In Jaipur, Bengal rode on their 130-run first innings lead and then centuries from Writtick Chatterjee (216), Abhimanyu Easwaran (114) in the second essay to enter the semi-finals even as the quarter-final contest against Gujarat ended in a dull draw.
The other quarter-final at Surat, witnessed complete dominance from Vidarbha, who rode on centuries from skipper Faiz Fazal (119) and Apoorv Wankhade (107) to set Kerala an improbable 578-run target .
In response, Kerala succumbed to the left-arm spin of Aditya Sarwate (6/41) to eventually finish on 165 and lose by a mammoth 412-run margin.
Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
Let's recall what led to the march in Charlottesville in the first place: the removal of Confederate statues, which celebrated men who fought for an America that kept human beings enslaved. That's an America in which I'd never be allowed to vote, much less be elected a U.S. Senator.
The white supremacists who gathered in Charlottesville were there to protest so-called “attacks” on their self perceived racial superiority. That's it – that's their grievance.
READ MORE
Proposed pipeline across PA, OH, WV would have a catastrophic effect on the environment
Columbus, OH — Today (May 30), the Sierra Club and the FreshWater Accountability Project filed comments with the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency on the water quality permit for Shell's Falcon ethane pipeline.
The proposed pipeline would run 98 miles through Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia, connecting to a planned petrochemical plant in Pennsylvania. If built, the pipeline would threaten communities, wetlands, groundwater resources, and wildlife. It would also facilitate the development of a dangerous petrochemical hub in the region.
“We don't need to look any further than the disastrous Rover Pipeline, which has already had dozens of spills in Ohio, to see the kind of damage the proposed Falcon Pipeline could do to Ohio's water resources,” said Sierra Club organizing representative Cheryl Johncox. “Shell has utterly failed to make the case for this dirty, dangerous pipeline project, and it should be rejected.”
About the Sierra Club
The Sierra Club is America's largest and most influential grassroots environmental organization, with more than 3 million members and supporters nationwide. In addition to creating opportunities for people of all ages, levels and locations to have meaningful outdoor experiences, the Sierra Club works to safeguard the health of our communities, protect wildlife, and preserve our remaining wild places through grassroots activism, public education, lobbying, and litigation. For more information, visit http://www.sierraclub.org.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/05/web1_falcon-pipeline-map-1030×666.jpg
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By Arra B. Francia, Reporter
SM Prime Holdings, Inc. (SMPH) said on Tuesday it earmarked P80 billion for capital spending in 2018, as it focuses on provincial areas with high-growth potential.
The property business of country's richest man Henry Sy, Sr. had spent a capex of around P50-55 billion in 2017. Of this, SM Prime Chief Finance Officer John Nai Peng C. Ong said 70% was dedicated to the development of properties, while the remaining 30% went for the purchase of more land.
This year, the company seeks to hike the ratio of spending for land banking as it looks for more opportunities to further grow the business.
“We're looking at around 40% for land banking in the Philippines,” Mr. Ong told reporters on the sidelines of a media briefing after the company's annual shareholders' meeting on Tuesday.
The increased spending for land acquisitions is in line with the company's push toward the provinces. In 2017, the company's provincial malls accounted for 51% of revenues versus their 45% contribution the year before.
“We want to take advantage of the fast-growing provincial areas in the Philippines with increasing urbanization and commercialization stemming not only from robust domestic demand but also from increasing investments in the country,” SMPH President Jeffrey C. Lim said in a statement.
With this, the six malls the company plans to open this year are all located in the provinces. This includes SM Center Imus in Cavite, SM City Urdaneta Central in Pangasinan, SM City Legazpi in Albay, SM City Ormoc, and SM City Dagupan.
The mall openings will bring SM Prime's combined gross floor area to 9.7 million square meters in 2018, across 73 malls in the Philippines and seven in China.
SM Prime will also be launching 15,000 residential units through SM Development Corp. (SMDC) this year. This indicates a sales value of around P45 billion, based on the average price of SMDC units of P3 million each.
SM Prime Chairman Henry T. Sy, Jr. noted that the company would like to leverage on the number of Mainland Chinese buyers snapping up condominium units in the country.
“There's a very big influx of Chinese buyers right now and we're hoping to capitalize on it, especially we have a lot of land banking that is good for all these buyers too,” Mr. Sy said.
The company added that close to 30% of its reservation sales in the first quarter of 2018 came from Chinese buyers.
Asked on SM Prime's expansion plans in China, Mr. Sy said that the company is still looking for more opportunities in the country as it only has one remaining land bank there.
“The opportunity in China is there, but the Philippines offers a better return to investments, so we might as well expand here more than China,” Mr. Sy said.
Meanwhile, Mr. Ong noted that the company may issue P10 billion in bonds this year, as this is the remaining amount from its shelf registration program at the Securities and Exchange Commission that will expire this year.
SM Prime is further eyeing a mid-teens growth in earnings for the first quarter of 2018. In 2017, the company booked an attributable profit of P27.6 billion, 16% higher than what it generated in the year before as revenues surged by 21% to P125.6 billion.
Shares in SM Prime went down by 2.11% or 70 centavos to close at P32.50 each at the stock exchange on Tuesday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- A WTVR CBS 6 photojournalist is recovering after being assaulted by a protester with a "big stick" in Richmond Sunday night.
The photographer, who was not working for the station at the time, was using their cell phone to shoot video of the breaking scene of a large crowd of protesters passing by the Camel on Broad Street.
“Stop filming bro,” one of the protesters yells.
“I can film whatever I want,” the CBS 6 staffer replies. “Get out of my face.”
At that point video shows the photographer's phone knocked out of their hands. Video then captures a protester hit the photojournalist with what they described as a big stick.
Officers responded and the photojournalist was transported via ambulance to Retreat Doctors' Hospital. They received four staples in their skull and was released.
"This is not a peaceful protest," they wrote.
Additionally, a marked WTVR CBS 6 crew on the scene captured video of one protester who was concealing a baseball bat.
Richmond police tweeted just after 10:20 p.m. that the protest was underway on W. Broad Street and Laurel.
Demonstrators marched westbound, blocked roads before eventually surrounding the state to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee on the city's historic Monument Avenue.
Police tweeted at 12:20 a.m. that the demonstrators had returned to Abner Clay park where they dispersed.
There has been no word on what group the protesters are affiliated with.
PEORIA, Ill. — Reed Timmer made all six of their free throws in the final 66 seconds and matched their season high with 32 points to guide Drake to 78-68 victory over Bradley on Saturday night.
Timmer hit four 3-pointers and sank 12 of their 14 free throws to help the Bulldogs (13-12, 7-5 Missouri Valley Conference) hand the Braves (17-8, 7-5) their first home loss of the season in conference play. Nick McGlynn had 14 points, Jalen Gibbs scored 10 and C.J. Rivers snared 10 rebounds for Drake. Timmer's 32 points also marks their career high.
Darrell Brown scored 20 and added eight assists, for a fourth straight game, for Bradley. Donte Thomas had 16 points and 12 rebounds for their fourth double-double of the season and Elijah Childs picked up their third double-double with 10 points and 10 boards.
Drake led 36-33 at halftime, but the Braves pulled even on Brown's 3-pointer on the first shot of the second half. Koch Bar's layup put the Braves on top 50-48 midway through the second half, but two Noah Thomas free throws knotted the score and Timmer's layup and a 3 from Graham Woodward put the Bulldogs up 55-50 with just under 11 minutes to play. Timmer scored the first five in a 9-2 run to put the game out of reach.
Today we learned that Ian and Dave had quite the night at Bastille. Ian saw a woman miraculously get up from their wheelchair and Dave had dinner with Bossy Rossy before the show where they ordered the expensive items on the list and then split. Also, Dave gives us their impression of Bossy Rossy eating octopussies. Mahoney proves to be victorious yet again in Sexy or Salty Spanish Lessons with Sylvia. Our Question of the Day was: would you ever date someone wealthy for an “easy life”.
Full Show Here:
Have you ever been stuck behind a slow driver? It can be infuriating. Thankfully, if you pay close attention to the clip below, you'll have a new skill in your toolbox for skirting around a slowpoke:
Okay, unless you live in "Grand Theft Auto V," a drive-on-the-ceiling pass might be hard to execute without setting off everyone's airbags. But still, damn how cool is this?
Cool enough for Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith in "Men In Black."
So cool.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
TOKYO Bank of Japan board member Takehiro Sato said labour market reform and other measures to boost Japan's growth potential must accompany monetary easing to raise the country's low long-term inflation expectations.
Prolonged economic stagnation has pushed down long-term inflation expectations to around zero percent, and it is not easy to raise them even through massive monetary stimulus if monetary policy is the "only game in town," Sato said in a speech at Yale University on Tuesday.
"Given that monetary policy on its own has limited effects, it is vital to make steady efforts, such as through labour market reform ... to change Japan's conservative inflation expectations," Sato said in the text of their speech posted on the BOJ's website on Wednesday.
Japanese companies and labour unions have traditionally prioritised job security over pay rises, a practice that has restrained wage increases and worked to push down long-term inflation expectations, Sato said.
By changing such practices and increasing job flexibility, Japan can boost labour productivity and potential growth. That would, in turn, increase corporate profits and household income, helping to accelerate inflation and strengthen the effect of monetary easing, they said.
"Given that there is an increasing sense of labour shortage caused by Japan's population decline, now is an ideal time to take a step forward in labour market reform," Sato said.
(Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Eric Meijer)
HOUSTON May 2 Petróleo Brasileiro SA will focus on oil and gas exploration and production while seeking opportunities in alternative sources of energy over the next five years, as Brazil's state-controlled oil firm moves toward more profitable core segments, Chief Executive Officer Pedro Parente said on Tuesday.
Speaking at the Offshore Technology Conference in Houston, Parente cited geopolitical tension in the Middle East, sizable legal contingencies and missing divestiture goals as potential risks for Petrobras's financial and operational case going forward. (Reporting by Marianna Parraga; Writing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
North Cowichan/Duncan R.C.M.P. are asking for public assistance in connection with an accident a few weeks back.
Police are looking for witnesses who were travelling on the Trans-Canada Highway near Mays Road at just after 9 p.m. on January 17.
RCMP believes the single-vehicle incident occurred in the southbound lane of the Trans-Canada.
If you have any information, you are asked to call the Duncan/North Cowichan R.C.M.P. at (250) 748-5522 or Crimestoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS. You can also text a tip by typing COWICHAN and your tip to 274637.
OTTAWA — Canada has quietly paid another $54 million toward development of the F-35 stealth fighter, bringing its total investment in the controversial project to roughly a half a billion dollars over the last 20 years.
The government is consulting fighter-jet makers, including U.S. aerospace giant Boeing, before launching a formal competition early next year to decide on a replacement for the air force's aging CF-18s.
The annual F-35 payment was made to the U.S. military earlier this month, the Department of National Defence said and will keep Canada at the table as one of nine partners in the fighter jet project for the next year.
Staying in the program has advantages, as partners can compete for billions of dollars in contracts associated with building and maintaining the F-35. They also get a discount when purchasing the plane.
Boeing officials said Wednesday that the company remains on the fence about whether its Super Hornet will participate in the Canadian fighter competition because of enduring questions about how the government will run it.
One concern is a new provision the government announced last year that aims to make it more difficult for companies that are deemed to be hurting the Canadian economy to win defence contracts.
The measure was announced at the height of Boeing's bitter dispute with Canadian rival Bombardier, which has since been tossed out by the U.S. International Trade Commission. Boeing opted not to appeal the decision.
"We want to evaluate what the requirements are and the evaluation criteria," said Jim Barnes, business development director for Boeing Defense, Space and Security, told reporters on the sidelines of the Cansec arms show in Ottawa.
"And it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out there's one new evaluation criteria that we certainly have to understand before we provide a proposal."
It was during last year's Cansec show that Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan lashed out at Boeing over the trade dispute with Bombardier, saying the U.S. company was not behaving like a "trusted partner."
SHANGHAI, March 28 Hong Kong stocks followed Asian markets higher on Tuesday on cautious hopes that U.S. President Donald Trump would be able to pass their planned economic stimulus policies despite last week's defeat on healthcare reform.
The Hang Seng index rose 0.6 percent to 24,345.87 points, while the China Enterprises Index also gained 0.6 percent to 10,425.89, shrugging off weakness in mainland China markets.
Most sectors rose in Hong Kong, with an index tracking mainland property developers jumping 1.7 percent after the previous session's tumble.
The consumer services sector was also strong, up 2 percent. (Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Aug 13, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Roger Federer of Switzerland (right) shakes hands with Alexander Zverev of Germany. Zverev defeated Federer 6-3 and 6-4 in the men's final at the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
(Reuters) - German fourth seed Alexander Zverev upset Roger Federer 6-3 6-4 in the Rogers Cup final in Montreal on Sunday to join the Swiss right-hander as the most trophy-laden player on the ATP Tour this year with five titles.
The 20-year-old German, who arrived in Montreal fresh from their triumph in Washington, proved up for the task right out of the gate as they had the Swiss second seed on their heels from the start on a sunny afternoon.
Zverev was poised and aggressive off the ground to create space for their power game and displayed some short-angled winners off thumping forehands and backhands to grab an early break for a 3-1 lead. They consolidated for a 4-1 cushion and ultimately closed out the opening set after a mere 30 minutes.
Federer, who entered the match 5-0 in finals this year, started to find their groove early in the second set but suddenly appeared out of sorts while Zverev broke in the seventh game to pull ahead 4-3 and held on for a surprise win that took 68 minutes.
The victory over the 19-times grand slam champion was the second ATP World Tour Masters 1000 title of the season for Zverev, who also beat Novak Djokovic in Rome.
Aug 13, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Alexander Zverev of Germany reacts after defeating Roger Federer of Switzerland (not pictured) during the men's final at the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
"This one against Roger is something so special for me because they were always a great idol growing up for me," Zverev said during their trophy presentation. "The greatest player of all time, beating them in a final, not just any final but in the final of a Masters 1000, is amazing."
Slideshow (3 Images)
The win improved Zverev to 5-1 in finals this year with the only defeat coming at the hands of Federer at Halle.
Federer spent six months on the sidelines in the second half of last season but has returned to their very best this year by winning five titles, including a pair of grand slams at the Australian Open and Wimbledon.
They seemed ready to shift momentum early in the second set when they earned a trio of break points but Zverev saved them all in dominant fashion to hold for 1-1.
Zverev then grabbed the decisive break in the seventh game to pull ahead 4-3 before cruising to the finish line.
NYON, Switzerland — Real Madrid versus Paris Saint-Germain. Cristiano Ronaldo versus Neymar. Historic achievement versus burning ambition.
Two-time defending Champions League soccer winner Madrid was drawn Monday to play the tournament's standout team in the last 16, made possible because the 12-time champions finished second in their group while PSG won its group.
"They (PSG) are really very strong in every department of the field," Madrid director Emilio Butragueno said. "But I have to underline, we are the holders and our players, they always rise to the occasion."
PSG bought Neymar from Barcelona for a record €222 million ($261 million US) fee in the off-season with a specific aim of winning a first European title. Madrid won six European Cups before PSG was even formed in 1970.
"As I always say, we must be ready to play any team and we will be ready," PSG president Nasser al-Khelaifi said in a statement on the club's website.
Neymar scored in five straight wins as PSG finished ahead of Bayern Munich in its group, finishing with a competition record of 25 goals in the group stage.
Ronaldo scored in all six of Madrid's matches to set another Champions League record.
Barcelona, which leads the Spanish league unbeaten despite the loss of Neymar, was drawn to face Chelsea in a meeting of recent champions. The English club is one of the few opponents Lionel Messi has failed to score against.
With eight former winners in the lineup, another clash of European champions pits Liverpool against Porto.
Also, it was: Basel vs. Manchester City; Sevilla vs. Manchester United; Juventus vs. Tottenham; Bayern Munich vs. Besiktas; and Shakhtar Donetsk vs. Roma.
Characterizing what Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger did Sunday night as a sneaky 500 is probably fair. That's what one reporter did in the postgame press conference.
Big Ben threw for 506 yards Sunday night in the team's 39-38 win over the Baltimore Ravens but you might not have noticed. When Roethlisberger was asked about it they acknowledged that they needed every one of them and finding ways to win games like this is a mark of a championship team.
#LIVE: Ben Roethlisberger talks about their big day against the Ravens & taking the AFC North crown. https://t.co/EH7vArr8QO — Pittsburgh Steelers (@steelers) December 11, 2017
Roethlisberger turned to their favorite target Sunday night, Antonio Brown. Brown is such a ridiculous talent and continues to cement their status as the best wide receiver in the NFL. Brown finished with 213 receiving yards and every time Roethlisberger needed a big play, they were the guy.
But when Roethlisberger needed to keep the chains moving they found tight end Jesse James. 10 receptions and 97 receiving yards were season highs and Roethlisberger used them to exploit some holes in the Ravens defense. Early in the season, Roethlisberger was struggling but that seems to all be behind him.
James T. Hodgkinson, the suspect in the shooting attack on a Republican baseball practice on Wednesday morning, was reportedly a member of a group called “Terminate the Republican Party.”
Hodgkinson wounded four, including House Majority Whip Steve Scales (R-LA), before succumbing to their injuries sustained in gunfire exchanges with police.
The Belleville News-Democrat, a newspaper in Hodgkinson's former hometown of Belleville, Illinois, reports:
The shooter who was killed during gunfire at practice for a congressional baseball game Wednesday morning was from Belleville. The shooter was James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, who belonged to a number of anti-Republican groups, including one called “Terminate the Republican Party.”
The Facebook group reportedly celebrated the killing.
The News-Democrat also cites a Facebook profile it says belonged to Hodgkinson, which featured a post from Monday: “I Want to Say Mr. President, for being an asshole you are Truly the Biggest Asshole We Have Ever Had in the Oval Office.”
Other Facebook posts support Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT). The Washington Post reported Wednesday that Hodgkinson campaigned for Sanders in Iowa.
The Facebook profile is linked to a number of left-wing, anti-Republican groups, including “Terminate The Republican Party,” among others:
Hodgkinson reportedly maintained other social media accounts that authorities are probing.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016.  They are the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
A look back at England's failures in World Cup shootouts
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Roberto Pfeil, AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Files - The July 4, 1990 file photo shows England's Paul Gascoigne crying as they are escorted off the field by team captain Terry Butcher, after their England lost a penalty shoot-out in the semi-final match of the World Cup against West Germany in Turin, Italy. At the fourth time of asking, England finally won a penalty shootout at the World Cup against Colombia on Tuesday, July 3. less FILE - The July 4, 1990 file photo shows England's Paul Gascoigne crying as they are escorted off the field by team captain Terry Butcher, after their England lost a penalty shoot-out in the semi-final match of the ... more Photo: Roberto Pfeil, AP Image 2 of 4 Files - In this Tuesday, June 30, 1998 file photo, Argentine goalkeeper Carlos Roa is embraced by teammates after saving a penalty from England's David Batty in a shootout at a World Cup soccer match at Geoffroy Guichard Stadium in Saint Etienne, France. Argentina defeated England 4-3 after the game ended in 2-2. At the fourth time of asking, England finally won a penalty shootout at the World Cup against Colombia on Tuesday, July 3. less FILE - In this Tuesday, June 30, 1998 file photo, Argentine goalkeeper Carlos Roa is embraced by teammates after saving a penalty from England's David Batty in a shootout at a World Cup soccer match at Geoffroy ... more Photo: Eric Draper, AP Image 3 of 4 Files - In this Saturday, July 1, 2006 file photo, Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates with teammates after scoring the winning penalty kick in a shootout against England during the quarterfinal World Cup soccer match between England and Portugal in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. At the fourth time of asking, England finally won a penalty shootout at the World Cup against Colombia on Tuesday, July 3. less FILE - In this Saturday, July 1, 2006 file photo, Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates with teammates after scoring the winning penalty kick in a shootout against England during the quarterfinal World Cup ... more Photo: Matt Dunham, AP Image 4 of 4 A look back at England's failures in World Cup shootouts 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Here's a look at England's previous penalty shootouts at the World Cup:
1990
England arrived at the 1990 World Cup in Italy not expected to do particularly well.
But following lackluster performances in the group stage, England beat Belgium in the round of 16 and then saw off Cameroon in the quarterfinals to set up an encounter against long-time rival West Germany. England outplayed the West Germans for large stretches of the match, but fell behind. England equalized with 10 minutes to go and the match ended at 1-1.
It went to a shootout, England's first-ever. All seemed to be going well as England converted its first three spot-kicks but so did the Germans. Stuart Pearce, a regular penalty taker for their club Nottingham Forest, had their effort saved. Chris Waddle then struck their effort way over the bar and England crashed out. Pearce and Waddle are both remembered as much for their penalty misses as for their on-field qualities.
1998
At the 1998 World Cup in France, England started slowly again, ending up second in its group behind Romania. That meant it would meet Argentina in the round of 16 in Saint-Etienne.
England scored twice in the first half, but the Argentines eventually hit back with two of their own. England went down to 10 men after David Beckham was sent off for kicking out at Argentina captain Diego Simeone. The match ended 2-2.
Argentina won the ensuing penalty shootout, this time with Paul Ince and David Batty missing. Unlike 1990, the defeat was not met with sympathy. Beckham became public enemy No. 1 and faced months of derision in the media and around English grounds. But their perseverance saw them win over their critics and by the 2002 World Cup they were captain. They even scored the penalty that defeated Argentina in that tournament.
2006
A sending off against Portugal was arguably at the root of England's exit from the World Cup this time around.
It wasn't Beckham, though the captain did not finish the quarterfinal match against Portugal, after being substituted early on in the second half because of injury.
Striker Wayne Rooney was sent off in the 62nd minute after they stamped on Ricardo Carvalho.
The England side, widely labelled as a "golden generation," battled on and the game ended 0-0 and with a shootout. The result would be the same as when the two had to be separated by spot kicks in a quarterfinal match at the 2004 European Championship in Portugal.
This was England's worst performance in a World Cup shootout, with Frank Lampard, Steven Gerrard and Jamie Carragher all missing and Cristiano Ronaldo scoring the winner.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Those suffering from migraines are already aware of how disabling they can be.
Scroll for more content...
The Federal Drug Administration recently approved the drug Aimovig and doctors at the University of Kansas Health System are already prescribing the medication to patients.
Aimovig has only been available for a couple of weeks and doctors are calling it a "big breakthrough".
The first-of-its-kind drug is meant specifically for migraines and is given alongside other medications to maximize its effectiveness.
"There's no one drug that's going to take them all away. But, if we can get a little bit of reduction with multiple different techniques, that's going to be a way to reduce them long term," neurologist Deetra Ford said.
The new option specifically targets a protein in the body researchers say appears to be involved in migraine attacks.
Ford says it won't eliminate migraines completely but will shorten their duration.
"In the acute migraine trials, they were able to reduce in people who were having them on an average of eight to nine migraines per month. They were able to go down by about 2.5 to three days. And in the chronic migraine group where they were having 18 to 19 migraine days per month, they were able to reduce those by anywhere from five to six days," Ford said.
The new treatment is a once a month self-injection that doesn't go far beneath the skin and doctors say it is not terribly painful.
"Migraines can be really debilitating. People miss a lot of work. They miss activities of daily living. They miss their kids' ball games," Ford said. So to have something…this revolutionary that we can actually try to help with some of those reductions in days is wonderful."
According to the Migraine Research Foundation, more than 38 million Americans suffer from migraines.
Scroll for more content...
The chief justice of the US court of public opinion is themselves in the hot seat and facing uncomfortable allegations of serious wrongdoing.
On Tuesday, NBC News published a report indicating the fiery Rep. Jim Jordan, a Republican from Ohio, stands accused of turning a blind eye to alleged acts of molestation by a doctor working for the wrestling team Jordan assistant-coached at The Ohio State University.
Jordan has strongly denied these allegations, issuing the following statement: "Congressman Jordan never saw any abuse, never heard about any abuse, and never had any abuse reported to them during their time as a coach at Ohio State. They have not been contacted by investigators about the matter but will assist them in any way they ask, because if what is alleged is true, the victims deserve a full investigation and justice."
The investigation into the alleged abuses began in April 2018 when Ohio State announced it had received reports that Dr. Richard Strauss, who served as a doctor for the university's wrestling team for approximately two decades, had engaged in sexual misconduct with student athletes. Strauss killed themselves in 2005, but the university nevertheless thought it appropriate to fully investigate the matter.
In the NBC News report, three former student wrestlers told the network that it was widely known that Strauss molested athletes they were responsible for treating. These unnamed former students indicated it is unbelievable to think Jordan, as an assistant coach, would have had no knowledge of the doctor's alleged actions. One of the students told NBC that they had reported the matter directly to Jordan.
Allegations of sexual abuse and attempted coverups in student sports are nothing new. We all remember the despicable case of Jerry Sandusky at Penn State, who was convicted of 45 counts relating to the sexual abuse of young boys and remains in jail to this day. The case ruined the once vaunted reputation of legendary Penn State coach Joe Paterno, who died in 2012, and who may have concealed the child rape allegations from authorities.
Then there is the more recent case of USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University Dr. Larry Nassar, who was sentenced to up to 175 years in prison after pleading guilty to seven counts of criminal sexual conduct. The pain of the victims was exacerbated by reports that Michigan State failed to do enough to stop Nassar. The university and the assault victims eventually reached a settlement of $500 million.
The allegations against Jordan are extremely serious and warrant a full investigation to determine if they knew about the sexual molestation accusations. If they did, but chose not to act, there is a case to be made for culpability, especially as someone in a position of authority who could have intervened.
A chief problem for Jordan is that they now find themselves in the unenviable position of proving a negative, assuring the public and their constituents that they did not know about the alleged abuse.
Their problem is exacerbated by the fact that they are so often known as a political firebrand who frequently leaps to conclusions while investigations are still underway. Take, for example, their central role in drawing conclusions from disparate pieces of information about surveillance abuse and suggesting the FBI was out to get President c Trump, even while a DOJ inspector general investigation looking into these allegations had not yet been completed.
If we were to apply Jordan's standard of drawing conclusions without full facts, it would be hard to simply accept their full-throated denial in the Ohio State molestation matter.
With that said, and even though Jordan appears to operate on a different set of standards than they wish themselves to be judged, we should not engage in the type of character assassination that has made them famous.
They should be presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty. Perhaps we can model a lesson in decency if we withhold judgment, wait for the facts, and afford them the same level of civility they so often denies others.
Clarification: This article has been updated to clarify that Jim Jordan was an assistant coach of the wrestling team.
Obama's job who would want it? Their first year in office they are handed a country with an economy falling off a cliff, major car companies on life support and a country with a 15 minute attention span. They slowed down the banks greedy hands and at least makes them think we the people do not want to bail them out but has little choice because the bail out was all ready in full swing. They also make the car companies promise to make changes to try to correct their problems before throwing more of our money in their pockets. The car companies were only making cars we wanted before we changed our habits and minds. Then they pass a health care bill and all the way they have Republican politicians kicking and screaming, with adds blaming them for the bail out, the for stimulus plans. Americans have an attention span of 7 days (on a good week)and the news media loves it. They flip stories up and down at times running out right lies, about almost anything just because it sells. So now everyone is judging them on their way they threaten BP, ow fast they clean up there mess. I never herd them ever say" DRILL BABY DRILL". But let us think, we did not elect supper-man but so far they have helped more Americans in less time than any other President in my memory. I am 55 years old, we can notstop the oil leaks nor can we expect our politician'sto know how. Republicans from the time tricky Dick Nixonwas caught trying to fix an election by spying on the other side have been very poor looses. It is hard for any rich person to admit failure or to give up power. But this is not a game heath care is not the important issue now, it is getting our countryworking and competing world wide. Now they waisted two years sitting on their hands and plan to waist the next two chasing their tails trying to undo a good bill saying it was never needed in one breath and claiming they are working on their own health bill. Why not admit it was a good thing think up something new like closing the big business tax loopholes saving America billions of money then closing the big gap in our country's bills. It may not sound as glamoriseas helping millions of middle class receive health care when they need it, but they themselves are on GOVERNMENT HEALTH CARE paid by our tax dollars. Why have they not said to save money they will all pay for their own health care out of their own pocket. Yea no more health care for Washington DC, now that sounds like governmentsetting a good example. But let us not stop there how about let's say no health coverage for anyone who makes over $300,000.
Dolly Parton‘s newest fanbase is likely about to be a bunch of preschoolers.
The country legend recently paid a visit to the set of Universal Kids' Sprout House, filming a guest appearance featuring performances of songs from their recently released first children's album, I Believe In You.
Titled “A Day With Dolly,” the 11-minute special sees Parton hanging out with host Carly and Snug, the latter's beloved pup, treating them to tunes like “A Friend Like You,” “Together Forever” and “You Can Do It.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Dolly Parton guest stars on Sprout House Sprout
RELATED VIDEO: Dolly Parton Talks the Sweet Way She's Honoring Them Dad and Helping Kids at the Same Time
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
Parton's Sprout House appearance is only the latest in their quest to help encourage young minds. Speaking with PEOPLE in October, the 71-year-old explained the themes behind them album.
“We talk about responsibility, we talk about bullying,” they said. “We talk about giving, we talk about friendship, loyalty and all those wonderful little things, and we do it in a fun way.”
Sprout House host Carly and Dolly Parton Sprout
FROM PEN: Lea Michele Dream-Casts Them Own Real-Life Girl Squad — from Country Darling Maren Morris to Beyoncé
RELATED: Dolly Parton's New Children's Album Will Benefit Them Non-Profit: “People Relate to Me” Being Like “Mother Goose”
“Kids and people relate to me looking like a Mother Goose or Cinderella — you know, one of those over-exaggerated cartoon characters — it gets children's attention, and it keeps me young,” they added.
Sprout House‘s “A Day With Dolly” premieres on Universal Kids Tuesday at 11:05 a.m. EST/10:05 a.m. CST. The special will re-air Wednesday and Thursday at 9:55 a.m. EST/8:55 a.m. CST.
Heart disease is the number one killer of men and women.
Scroll for more content...
Seventy-six-year-old Pat Downes of Hampden had triple bypass surgery when doctors found they had two completely blocked arteries.
Them post-surgery therapy includes working out regularly at Baystate Medical Center cardio rehab gym.
Downes told 22News their heart condition caught them completely by surprise.
"Not the typical pressure, maybe more of fatigue, maybe more a stomach upset, other symptoms that women may experience," said Heidi Ciolek of Baystate Medical Center.
Downes and their dad both discovered they had heart problems at the age of 76. Them dad was given five years to live.
But after having bypass, they survived another six years.
With today's medical advances, doctors say Pat can expect to live another 15 years.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
GRAND MANAN, N.B. -- A spokesperson for New Brunswick fishermen based on Grand Manan Island says at least 10 Canadian fishing boats have been intercepted by U.S. Border Patrol agents since last week while fishing in the disputed waters around Machias Seal Island.
Laurence Cook, chairperson of the LFA 38 Lobster Advisory Board, says some Canadian vessels were boarded by agents who asked about possible illegal immigrants.
Cook says he's never before seen border patrol agents in the area, where the U.S. Coast Guard typically patrols.
Machias Seal Island, which is about 19 kilometres southwest of Grand Manan Island and east of Maine, is in a disputed area known as the grey zone, where lobster fishermen from both Canada and the United States have long fished side by side.
However, both Canada and the United States claim sovereign jurisdiction over the island and the surrounding 700 square kilometres at the mouth of the Bay of Fundy.
Global Affairs Canada distributed a brief email saying it is investigating "incidents that occurred in Canadian waters."
Spokesman John Babcock said the Canadian government is also talking with U.S. agencies.
"Canada's sovereignty over the Machias Seal Island and the surrounding waters is long-standing and has a strong foundation in international law," Babcock said.
"Until the matter of the boundary is resolved, we will continue to take practical steps with the U.S. to ensure that the area is well-managed. Canada and the U.S. have a long history of co-operation which ensures that fishing in this area in well-managed and safe for both countries."
Jennifer Bowey
Writer
The “refer to the course handbook” response is lazy and ignorant
The lucky dip of tutors is something that all university students have to cope with every term. Not knowing whether or not your tutor will be a fair marker or whether their views will be in line with your own can be anxiety-inducing when picking which seminar group to enrol in. This situation is only exacerbated by the negative and discouraging attitudes of some tutors.
Much to my surprise when starting university, I found out that in first and second year the vast majority of tutors holding seminars are not qualified teachers, but rather postgraduate students who are only willing to dedicate a small fraction of their time to assisting students due to their own academic studies.
I recall receiving an angry email from a tutor when I asked a question about the marking of my essay. The tutor stated that they were “not paid to answer emails”, which left me dreading my next seminar with them and also somewhat incredulous. Humorously, or perhaps not, it turned out that my tutor had in fact marked my essay down because they hadn't bothered to turn to the last page and see that I had, quite obviously, written a bibliography.
The tutors I was exposed to in second year were an improvement on the frankly unprofessional conduct of this tutor. I did, however, find that some of my tutors were more concerned with trying to portray themselves as cool and relatable than actually concentrating on teaching the content of the course (the constant mention of Classical Art Memes from a tutor not much older than myself got somewhat irksome). I distinctly remember one of my tutors announcing that they were “a bit of a prick” at the beginning of the first seminar. The strange conduct of some tutors, however, is the least of most students' concerns.
Now, in third year, the majority of my tutors are qualified doctors in their subject area. I had been anticipating this since starting first year and was looking forward to benefiting from a more mature and less self-serving approach to teaching. Unfortunately, despite many of my tutors being incredibly encouraging and helpful, I have noticed a pattern in the behaviour of some tutors when asking them for further clarification on tasks. The general response in these situations seems to be “please refer to the course handbook provided.” Not only does this response shut down any possible discourse on the topic, but it discourages students from coming forward with questions in the future. I assume it hadn't occurred to these tutors that, as an honours student, I may have had the initiative to read the course handbook and was simply asking for an elaboration or clarification. This has happened to me on countless occasions, and, when having waited for a reply to an email for a number of days, it is a disappointing and patronising response.
I believe this issue to be even more pertinent when considering that a large portion of the student population at Glasgow University are fee-paying students. Students who are paying upwards of £9,000 a year undoubtedly hope for a more thoughtful response to their queries, especially when school teachers arguably make more of an effort to actually teach than some tutors at university level. Paying thousands of pounds for weekly lectures and a handful of seminars lead by apathetic postgraduate students seems questionable at best.
Regardless, considering that at honours level all assessments contribute, to some extent, towards the final degree mark, any student's request for clarification on an assignment should be taken far more seriously than it is currently by a lot of tutors. Students actively taking an interest in their studies and seeking out tutors for further information on tasks is a sign of conscientiousness and enthusiasm to perform well in their studies – it is not symptomatic of laziness or ignorance. If anything, what's actually symptomatic of laziness or ignorance is the ever-looming “refer to the handbook” response.
A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico
The group hoping to bring the 2026 World Cup to North America has defended its decision for a 60-10-10 split in games.
The plan calls for the U.S. to stage 60 games, including all games from the quarter-finals. Canada and Mexico will each stage 10 matches.
Carlos Cordeiro, president of the U.S. Soccer Federation, called it “the most optimal mix of cities and matches.” And they said the bid is not anticipating that the world governing body of soccer will make any changes to its proposal, assuming it wins.
“The split of matches that we have proposed to FIFA frankly reflect the resources of the three countries,” Cordeiro told a media conference call Monday. “We in the United States are blessed with some very substantial resources in terms of stadium infrastructure, cities and so on. And that reflects the 60 matches we have on the table.
“But at the end of the day there is a reason why FIFA has encouraged joint bids and we do think that our joint bids taken together provide for a vastly superior bid than our competition.”
🇩🇪 Germany's World Cup winning goal in 2014. pic.twitter.com/scZrsflbFQ — FIFA World Cup (@WorldCupHQ) March 3, 2018
The so-called unified bid is up against Morocco to stage the men's soccer showcase. A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico.
The North American group presented its bid book to FIFA on Friday in Zurich.
Steven Reed, president of the Canada Soccer Association, downplayed the decision by Vancouver to withdraw as a candidate host city because it could not agree to FIFA's demands.
“I think we're still really excited about that the candidate host cities that we have,” said Reed, referencing Edmonton, Montreal and Toronto.
“I guess to be perfectly honest I would be disappointed in that it's my back yard and I've lived there for most of my life,” added Reed, a native of North Vancouver, when asked again about Vancouver missing out.
Chicago and Minneapolis also pulled out at the last minute.
The 2026 World Cup will feature a newly expanded format with 48 teams and 80 games, up from 32 and 60 respectively.
9⃣2⃣ DAYS TO GO! 🏆🇷🇺
There's been 92 🇪🇸@SeFutbol goals at the #WorldCup so far, but only one produced a reaction quite like this. H/T: @andresiniesta8 😉 pic.twitter.com/xUkGiZQlRh — FIFA World Cup 🏆 (@FIFAWorldCup) March 14, 2018
Cordeiro also cited the “opportunity for record revenues” with all games sold out and some 5.8 million tickets sold, making for ticketing revenue of more than US$2.1 billion.
The North American bid features 23 candidate host cities — including the three in Canada and three in Mexico. That list will be likely be reduced to no more than 16 by FIFA should the North American bid prevail.
Mexican Football Federation president Decio De Maria said it will be easy for those living in the north of Mexico to attend games in the southern U.S.
“I think it is the same for Canadians,” they said. “They can attend easily the games that are going to be in the north of the U.S.”
De Maria called that mobility “a rich powerful tool of our bid.”
The three executives were in Kuala Lumpur where they were presenting their bid to Asian soccer officials. They have already visited officials in South America, Africa and Europe.
“We're not taking any vote for granted,” said Cordeiro.
The U.S. soccer boss said they were not concerned that the North American bid might be affected by anti-Trump sentiments around the globe.
“We believe strongly that this decision will be made on its merits,” they said.
“Look, this is not geopolitics,” they added, when pressed on the matter. “We're talking about football and fundamentally, at the end of the day, what's in the best interest of football and our footballing community. And we've had no backlash.”
Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch on Friday called for a preliminary investigation into two top Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee for potentially disclosing classified information to the public in violation of House ethics rules.
Judicial Watch has requested the Office of Congressional Ethics to look into whether Vice Chairman Adam Schiff (D-CA) and Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA) broke House ethics rules for disclosing classified information to the public, with which left-wing groups have targeted its Republican chairperson.
Last month, progressive groups MoveOn.org and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) requested an investigation into Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) after they said they had done the same thing.
Nunes temporarily stepped aside from leading a high-profile probe into Russia's involvement into the U.S. presidential elections while the Office of Congressional Ethics is looking into whether any rules were broken.
Judicial Watch noted this double-standard in its request:
If the standard for filing a complaint or opening an ethics investigation is that a member has commented publicly on matters that touch on classified information, but the member does not reveal the source of their or their information, then the complaints against Chairman Nunes are incomplete insofar as they target only Nunes. At least two other members of the House Intelligence Committee have made comments about classified material that raise more directly the very same concerns raised against Chairman Nunes because they appear to confirm classified information contained in leaked intelligence community intercepts.
The left-wing groups filed their complaint against Nunes after they told reporters on March 22 that they had seen evidence that the intelligence community had incidentally collected information about Trump transition team members, and that the information was widely disseminated and their names unmasked.
Judicial Watch noted that Schiff had spoken to an audience at the Brookings Institution the day before, on March 21, appearing to confirm a leaked December 29 conversation between incoming National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
“And then you have leaks that expose malfeasance or illegality. Now, I put that kind of leak, I put the Flynn leak in that category,” Schiff had said.
Judicial Watch also cites an April 3 Daily Caller story in which Speier, a committee member, appeared to confirm the contents of that call.
“Ambassador Kislyak and General Flynn were freelancing sanctions relief at the end of December, when they had no portfolio in which to make any kind of negotiations with Ambassador Kislyak,” the Daily Caller reported they said.
Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton said in a statement, “At least two leading Democrats, Reps. Schiff and Speier, on the House Intelligence Committee, seem to have improperly disclosed classified information.”
“While the Ethics Committee examines Rep. Nunes's innocuous statements on Obama's surveillance on the Trump team, it ought to expand its investigation to include the other members of the Intelligence Committee who seem to have flagrantly violated the rules.”
The committee's former chairperson Mike Rogers (R-MI) also called for Schiff to recuse themselves from the Russia probe in a CNN op-ed earlier this month, for discussing classified information in public.
Schiff said they did not think Roger's request “is a serious one.”
04 14 17 House Ethics Inquiry Request by Kristina Wong on Scribd
(Updates Public Power Corp; Adds Qualcomm, Apollo Global Management, ECOM, Zhengzhou Coal Mining Machinery Group, Vitol, Noble Energy, ProSiebenSat.1, Dow Chemical)
May 2 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Tuesday:
** Managers at Italian motorway group Atlantia and Spanish peer Abertis will meet this week in Italy to discuss plans for a tie up, two sources close to the matter said.
** EU regulators will decide by June 9 whether to clear smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm's $38 billion takeover of NXP Semiconductors NV, with rivals voicing concerns about continued access to key NXP technology after the deal.
** Buyout firms Apollo Global Management LLC, Blackstone Group LP and Centerbridge Partners LP are among potential suitors studying bids for Canada's biggest alternative mortgage lender, Home Capital Group Inc, which sought emergency funding last week, people familiar with the matter told Reuters.
** Swiss commodities trading group ECOM has received approval from German cartel authorities to purchase German cocoa grinder Euromar Commodities GmbH, which declared insolvency in December, Euromar's insolvency administrator said.
** Zhengzhou Coal Mining Machinery Group Co Ltd (ZMJ) has teamed up with private equity firm China Renaissance Capital Investment (CRCI) to buy Robert Bosch's starters and generators business SG Holding for 545 million euros ($595 million).
** Commodities trader Vitol has agreed to buy an 85,000 barrel per day (bpd) condensate splitter in the Netherlands from Koch Supply and Trading, a subsidiary of U.S. conglomerate Koch Industries, Vitol said in a statement.
** U.S. oil and gas producer Noble Energy Inc said it would sell all its natural gas production assets in the Marcellus shale field for $1.23 billion, as it shifts focus to liquids-rich, higher-margin assets.
** German broadcaster ProSiebenSat.1 and Discovery Communications Inc will join forces to stream TV shows via Internet and wireless services in Germany.
** China has conditionally approved the proposed merger between Dow Chemical Co and Dupont, the country's Commerce Ministry said, a step forward for the deal whose closing has been repeatedly delayed by regulatory hurdles.
** Jack Ma's private equity firm Yunfeng Capital and Singapore's Temasek have led a $75 million fund-raising round into genomics company WuXi NextCODE, the firm said in a statement, underlining a race for medical data in China.
** British housebuilder Bovis, which was subject to two failed buyout bids earlier this year, said it would take a 2.8 million-pound hit from the talks and a review conducted in February after the firm warned on profits.
** Accell Group, the maker of Dutch bicycle brands Sparta and Batavus, has had ended talks with Pon Holdings regarding takeover bid from the Dutch transportation conglomerate as the offer was not high enough, it said.
** British bank Shawbrook Group's independent directors said they could not recommend a buyout bid from a consortium of private equity firms.
** Greece has agreed to sell coal-fired plants and coal mines equal to about 40 percent of its dominant power utility Public Power Corp's coal-fired capacity, to help open up its electricity market, the energy ministry said.
** A three-member consortium that includes German insurer Allianz has agreed to buy Affinity Water Ltd , the largest water-only supply firm in England and Wales by revenue, through two transactions, the group said.
** Sumitomo Corp said it and Korea Resources Corp (Kores) will get a larger stake in the Ambatovy nickel project in Madagascar, as part of a debt restructuring deal with partner Sherritt International Corp.
** IAC/InterActiveCorp said on Monday it would buy consumer review website operator Angie's List Inc in a $500 million deal that bolsters its online home contractor services.
** Monsanto Co has terminated an agreement to sell its Precision Planting LLC farm equipment business to machinery maker Deere & Co, the companies said on Monday, ending a legal fight with antitrust authorities over the deal. (Compiled by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay and John Benny in Bengaluru)
Manhole explosions and fire cause power outages
NEEDHAM, Mass. (AP) — Manhole explosions and a fire in Massachusetts have caused a power outage.
Firefighters responded to a commercial area off the highway in Needham on Tuesday afternoon for reports of an explosion, which they determined to be from two manholes.
No injuries are reported. Fire officials have blocked off the area as energy provider Eversource assesses the damage.
Over 1,300 Eversource outages were reported in Needham and Newton, but outages have now decreased to below 1,000.
Eversource is New England's largest energy provider, with more than 3.6 million customers in Massachusetts, Connecticut and New Hampshire.
LEANDER, Texas (KXAN) — Hair, make-up, high heels and formal dresses … it's that time: prom season. And this year, the winning prom queen at Leander High School made a surprising move on the dance floor.
Leander High seniors Abby Cano and Keilany Solano were two of five 2017 prom queen nominees. But when Solano's name was called as the winner, they surprised their classmates by taking the crown and the sash and placing them on Cano for a real-life fairy-tale ending.
Solano and Cano have been long-time classmates who really didn't know each other very well. Cano lives with Down syndrome, and they are much-loved and admired at the school. She's very well known for walking down the school's hallways and giving everyone high-fives.
That sense of cheer and joy may have inspired what happened next.
“We were in the middle of the dance floor. They had just announced me, and I went up and took a picture with my boyfriend who had also won, Daniel, and then I turned around and saw Abby,” Solano said.
They said their next moves were not planned in advance. Solano immediately took their tiara and sash and placed them on Cano.
“I did it because I knew at that moment they would be even happier than me, and I felt like they deserved it more,” Solano said.
Cano's mother, Sabrina Wycoff, said they were surprised and touched by the gesture.
“I was, like, ‘Oh, my gosh!'” Wycoff said. “So there is a picture of them and their sash and the tiara — I was, like, ‘Wow, Abby's the prom queen!' That's amazing.”
They said their daughter has always been treated with respect throughout their years in school, and this was one more example of that.
“From the time they started here in first grade all the way through their senior year in high school, they have had the most amazing experiences of people being really, really kind to them and doing these wonderful things for her.”
And Cano's confidence is contagious. “I like to pose,” they said while striking one during their interview and making it clear that they have this royalty thing down.
Them room is filled with action figures of women wrestlers that they started collecting about a year ago.
“Every time I look at them, I think of tough and amazing — tough and amazing,” Cano said.
Just like this prom queen.
As much as you may like your job, we're guessing you like not working more. Which is why retirement seems just about the sweetest gig there is. But now more than ever, retirement feels less attainable for those of us without enough money to entice the help of wealth managers.
Traditionally, those with lower account balances are overlooked by financial professionals, who make their money on basis points of millionaires' accounts. Doesn't provide much help at all for future millionaires, which leaves most either having to manage their own 401k or struggle to find financial experts with zero agendas to help them better prepare for retirement.
“Even wickedly smart people can't figure out everything that's in their 401k, let alone how to manage it,” said Chris Costello, one of the co-founders of blooom (yep, 3 O's. Not a typo.) “Plus, with so much going on in people's lives these days, who has time to even want to try and figure it all out?”
That's where Costello's tech company comes in, committing to help everyone that Wall Street won't. And they would know, since they spent their first 20 years managing money for only wealthy investors.
“I had a front row seat to see this problem we're having in this country right now,” they said. “There's almost a hundred million people in the U.S. today saving for their retirement, with most through an employer-sponsored retirement account like a 401k or 403b. Of those, only about 10 percent of them have qualified access to have their retirement savings managed for them, which leaves tens of millions of people faced with a do-it-yourself strategy.”
Talk about timing. Blooom's founders figured out a way to deliver much-needed 401k help to the rest of America in a way that's smart, simple and affordable for any account size.
This automated, first-of-its-kind, “do-it-for-you-advisor” method of 401k management even comes with a team of real people who know the ins and outs of investing. You can chat live to ask questions, voice concerns and, well, anything to help you sleep better at night about your future retirement.
And because blooom operates as a fiduciary, the only ones who stand to benefit from their financial advice, are their members.
If you feel you could benefit from blooom's belief in fighting for your right to retire, you can start by giving your existing 401k a free check-up to assess its current health and find out how it could be doing better. And it only takes a few minutes (with the name of your financial institution and log-in info at the ready). To learn more about bloom, visit them at blooom.com.​
If you buy something through our posts, we may receive a small share of the sale. Please buy a Ferrari. For more of Digg's suggestions on how to spend your money, check out Digg Picks.
May 3 Valiant Holding AG:
* Group profit in the first quarter rose by 1.8 percent year-on-year to 23.8 million Swiss francs ($24.01 million)
* For the year 2017 Valiant continues to expect a consolidated profit on the level of the previous year
* Q1 net interest income improved to 71.5 million Swiss francs(+ 1.6%) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9912 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
The logo of Raiffeisen Bank International is seen at a branch office in Vienna, Austria March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
VIENNA Raiffeisen Bank International (RBIV.VI), which recently decided to restructure its Polish division rather than sell it, said on Monday it would lay off a fifth of its staff in Poland by the end of 2019.
Poland's Alior Bank ALRR.WA in December pulled out of exclusive talks to buy Raiffeisen Bank Polska IPO-RBP.WA, after which Raiffeisen said it would hold onto the bank while also floating 15 percent on the Warsaw bourse, as required by Poland.
The Polish government has been pushing to reduce foreign ownership of the country's banks to gain more control over the economy. In December, for example, Italian bank UniCredit (CRDI.MI) agreed to sell a stake in Polish bank Pekao PEO.WA to Polish insurer PZU PZU.WA and development fund PFR.
Outlining its restructuring plans, Raiffeisen said in a statement it planned to close 60-70 branches in Poland by 2018 as well as launch "cost-saving initiatives" of around 50 million euros (42.61 million pounds) and cut 850-950 full-time equivalent (FTE) jobs by the end of 2019, it said in a statement.
The Polish business, which is also known as Polbank, had 4,242 employees and 299 branches at the end of last year. Based on those figures, the layoffs represent roughly 20-22 percent of the workforce, and at least a fifth of branches will close.
"Up to 90 branches will be converted to cost-efficient formats by the end of 2019," the company said. A spokesperson said that mainly meant being downsized.
The project's restructuring costs were estimated at 10 million euros and would be booked in the first half of this year, the company added.
(Reporting by Francois Murphy and Alexandra Schwarz-Goerlich; Editing by Shadia Nasralla and Jane Merriman)
TeamBC took home a record 146 medals at the Canada Summer Games in Winnipeg. That got the province second place to Ontario's 212 medals at the national sporting event which saw thousands of athletes from all over the country compete for gold.
It was the last medal of the Summer Games that broke the previous record of 145, a gold won by the women's softball team on Sunday.
WATCH: Highlights form the games:
The list of gold medal winners is:
Jerome Blake, Kelowna – men's 200-m race
Malcolm Jovahny Borsoi – men's 200-m Special Olympics race
Jesse Hooton, Surrey – men's 5000-m race
Jackson Cheung, Vancouver – men's 110-m hurdles
Megan Champoux, Aldergrove – women's 400-m hurdles
Jake Hanna, Surrey – men's 400-m hurdles
Grace Fetherstonhaugh, New Westminster – women's 3000-m steeplechase
TeamBC – women's 100-m relay, men's 100-m relay
David Thomas Boyd, Victoria – men's pole vault
Dakoda Darling, Grand Forks – men's para pole shot put
Kaila Butler, Port Coquitlam – women's hammer
Sam Willett, Victoria – men's hammer
Cassidy MacPherson, Maple Ridge – women's canoe/kayak 5000-m
Gillian Ellsay, Courtenay – women's individual cycling time trial, cycling criterium
Rhys Harley Verner, Squamish – men's mountain bike sprint
TeamBC – men's mountain bike relay
TeamBC – women's rowing lightweight double sculls, women's rowing pair, women's rowing four, women's rowing eight with coxswain
TeamBC – women's softball
Tyler Wall, Penticton – men's 100-m freestyle, men's 50-m freestyle
Jesse Shade, Campbell River – men's special olympics 100-m freestyle, men's Special Olympics 100-m freestyle, men's Special Olympics 50-m breaststroke, men's Special Olympics 100-m backstroke
Raben Dommann, North Vancouver, men's 400-m freestyle, 800-m freestyle, 1,500-m freestyle, men's 5000-m open water
TeamBC – men's 200-m freestyle relay, women's 200-m freestyle relay
Genny Verge, Sechelt – women's Special Olympics 100-m backstroke
Acacia Kathryn Benn, Penticton – women's 200-m backstroke
Bailey Paula Herbert, Surrey – 200-m medley, 400-m medley
Desirae Ridenour, Cowichan Bay – women's triathlon
TeamBC – men's triathlon relay, women's triathlon relay, mixed triathlon relay
TeamBC – men's beach volleyball
TeamBC – women's wrestling team
Emilee Lai, Coquitlam – women's wrestling 38-40 kg
Alexia Seal, Mission – women's wrestling up to 44 kg
Jacqueline Lew, Coquitlam – women's wrestling up to 52 kg
Victoria Seal, B.C. – women's wrestling up to 56 kg
Jade Trolland, Abbotsford – women's wrestling up to 60 kg
Sara Brinkac, Burnaby – women's wrestling up to 64 kg
Ana Paula Godinez, B.C. – women's wrestling up to 69 g
For the other winners, visit the Canada Summer Games site here.
Scroll for more content...
Michael Cohen, who once famously asserted they would "take a bullet" to protect the President, has apparently reversed course -- now that the gun is locked and loaded, so to speak.
The ammunition, of course, is the looming possibility of a criminal indictment any day now by federal prosecutors in Manhattan. Cohen's recent off-camera interview with George Stephanopoulos is the strongest indication I've seen thus far in Cohen's ongoing legal saga that they will likely cooperate with federal prosecutors.
Cohen, Trump's longtime attorney and consigliere, is the subject of a federal criminal investigation led by the FBI and the US attorney for the Southern District of New York, which executed an April 9 raid for evidence on Cohen's home, office and hotel room. The criminal referral to the Southern District reportedly came from special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russians to influence the 2016 election.
While both Mueller and the Southern District prosecutors appear leak-proof (to their credit) -- meaning the public gets information regarding their methodology or the evidence they've gathered only through court filings -- it seems fairly obvious that the inciting factor leading to the underlying Cohen investigation has to do with the alleged "hush money" payout to adult film star Stephanie Clifford (a.k.a. Stormy Daniels). They claim they had a consensual affair with Donald Trump in 2006, as detailed in their original 2011 interview with In Touch (Trump has denied this affair).
That alleged "hush money" episode, the messy details of which are currently the subject of Cohen's civil case in California, concerns the now infamously bungled nondisclosure agreement between Clifford and Essential Consultants LLC. This is the Delaware limited liability company that Cohen created and that was used in both the $130,000 payment to Clifford and also implicated in the $1.6 million payment offer to a former Playboy model who allegedly had an affair with top Republican National Committee official Elliott Broidy (he has since resigned).
Sleaze factor notwithstanding, in many cases, nondisclosure agreements are legal. The issue with this particular payment has to do with the nature and circumstances surrounding the payment. Specifically, the amount was well above the legal limit set by the Federal Election Commission for a campaign contribution, was paid just days before the election, and concerned alleged conduct that occurred years ago.
Some have rightly noted that a violation of federal election laws could result in nothing more than a fine by the Federal Election Committee. But Cohen put the "who knew what, when" issue back in the spotlight during their Stephanopoulos interview when they declined to comment -- on advice of counsel -- on whether or not Trump had directed them to pay the $130,000 to Ms. Clifford, calling into question what Trump told reporters on Air Force One in April (that Trump did not know about the $130,000 payment to Clifford made, remember, just days before the 2016 election, and that they did not know where the money came from.).
The presence of Cohen's new counsel -- who likely advised them not to comment on the issue -- is yet another indication that they are looking to cooperate with federal prosecutors in an effort to secure leniency in sentencing for any crimes with which they may be charged; Cohen is reportedly hiring Guy Petrillo, a former head of the criminal division for the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, to represent him.
It is no secret in white collar criminal defense circles that defendants looking to "cut a deal," or get a cooperation agreement with prosecutors, often hire a former Assistant United States Attorney from the prosecuting office.
Additionally, since prosecutors have not indicted Cohen (the Southern District case pertains only to the issue of a privileged review of the documents seized in the April 9 raid on Cohen's premises), there is still time for Cohen to engage in multiple "proffer sessions"-- that is, meetings with prosecutors during which they agree not to use their statements against them in future prosecutions -- across multiple jurisdictions in the hopes of reducing the overall severity or number of charges that might potentially bring against him.
Yet some have pointed out that if Cohen were actually interested in cooperating with the feds, the proper course of conduct would have been to have their attorney contact the prosecutors on the case, rather than do an on-the-record interview with one of the most famous journalists in the world. This apparent head-scratcher has led some to wonder if Cohen's overture is therefore simply a veiled attempt to ask Trump for a pardon (which Trump seems to be fond of doing as of late).
I don't give Cohen that much credit, though. As has proven true in this entire saga, this case is being tried in the media just as much as its being tried in the courtroom, and I wouldn't be surprised if even Cohen doesn't draw a distinction at this point.
Cohen is standing on the edge of a precipice, and in my assessment he's beginning to understand the value of their decades' worth of knowledge regarding the President and the Trump Organization: that it may now hold the keys to their freedom.
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
Sixty percent of the American public already doesn't trust President Donald Trump with nuclear weapons. That number could be about to rise.
Scroll for more content...
On Friday, the Trump administration released its Nuclear Posture Review calling for new, more usable nuclear weapons and more ways to use them, including widening the rules on using them first. Donald Trump would get new nukes that their advisers claim are "low-yield," and that Trump might be more inclined to actually launch. And they would have new excuses to use them, including against large-scale cyberattacks, that previous presidents have rejected.
If you were hoping that Trump's bombastic words ("my nuclear button is bigger" and "fire and fury like the world has never seen") were all bluster and that they didn't have the policy or the firepower to back it up, think again. If you were looking for evidence that Trump and nukes are truly a dangerous combination, look no further.
Giving Trump new nukes AND new ways to use them is like giving matches and gasoline to Curious George. It will not end well. As 16 Democratic senators put it in a January 29 letter to Trump, the new policies "increase the risk of a nuclear arms race and raise the real possibility of nuclear conflict."
New nuclear missions
The Obama administration had sought to limit the role of nuclear weapons, so that the only use of the bomb would be to deter its use by others. As they left office, Vice President Joe Biden said, "President Obama and I are confident we can deter -- and defend ourselves and our allies against -- non-nuclear threats through other means." Moreover, Biden said that, "it's hard to envision a plausible scenario in which the first use of nuclear weapons by the United States would be necessary. Or make sense."
President Trump is now taking us in the opposite, dangerous direction. The Trump administration wants to expand the role of nukes to respond to "nonnuclear strategic attacks," including cyberattacks, and use them first in a crisis. As a result, we could have President Trump launching a first strike nuclear attack over a Russian or Chinese computer hack.
This is crazy. As bad as a major cyberattack could be, it would pale in comparison to a nuclear attack. Threatening nuclear attack against, say, Russia, in response to a cyberattack, would just invite a massive nuclear attack against the United States. Millions would die, the world economy would collapse and civilization as we know it could come to a screeching halt.
With the most powerful conventional and cyber military force in the world, the United States has no need to respond with nukes. But others might. Thus we should be working toward a global norm against nuclear use, not lowering the nuclear threshold. Moreover, cyberattacks are particularly hard to retaliate against, since it is difficult to definitively establish where the attack came from.
Even before the final NPR was released, the Pentagon was having trouble defending its policy. On January 31, Gen. Paul Selva, vice chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, tried to explain that the United States would not respond to "any" cyberattack with nukes, but possibly to cyberattacks "with strategic consequences." This just raises new questions. Who decides what constitutes strategic consequences?
New nuclear weapons
The Trump administration wants to build two new types of nuclear weapons that it suggests are more likely to be used. Both types, a ballistic missile and a cruise missile, would be deployed at sea and would have a lower explosive yield than some others, but that does not make them any less dangerous. In fact, the administration says it wants these new weapons so it can make more credible nuclear threats.
On the defensive yet again, Selva said that having low-yield nuclear weapons does not "in and of itself lower the threshold for use of nuclear weapons."
Former Secretary of State George Shultz disagrees. "A nuclear weapon is a nuclear weapon," said Shultz, who served as President Ronald Reagan's top diplomat. "You use a small one, then you go to a bigger one. I think nuclear weapons are nuclear weapons and we need to draw the line there."
Shultz continued, "Your mind goes to the idea that, yes, nuclear weapons become usable. And then we're really in trouble, because a big nuclear exchange can wipe out the world."
Or, as one retired senior Army officer told The American Conservative, low-yield nukes provide Trump with "a kind of gateway drug for nuclear war."
The public is right to distrust Trump with nuclear weapons, and we all need to speak up and oppose these new, dangerous policies. People don't tend to think of nuclear war as a policy choice, but it is, just like health care or immigration. The Trump administration's policies are increasing the risk of nuclear war.
Sure, you could build a bomb shelter and hide, but that does not lower the risk of war, and it is highly unlikely to save you. Instead, we need to prevent nuclear war in the first place by changing government policy.
Don't duck and cover. Speak up.
Wednesday on MSNBC, Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) said they would not vote for President Donald Trump's nominee to replace Justice Anthony Kennedy if that person doesn't consider Roe v. Wade to be “settled law.”
Collins said, “I'm consistently ranked as the most bipartisan senator by Georgetown University, Lugar Center. That's been in five years in a row that I don't tow the party line, that I don't hesitate to break from the administration. They support the administration when I think that the president is right. I oppose them when I think he's wrong. And that's what I'm going to do in this case as well.”
They continued, “I think I've made it pretty clear that if a nominee has demonstrated hostility to Roe v. Wade, and has said that they're not going to abide by that long-standing precedent that I could not support that nominee. We don't even know who the nominee is.”
They added, “I've already told you if the person demonstrates hostility towards Roe v. Wade and doesn't consider it to be settled law and precedent, I don't see how I can vote for that person.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
WASHINGTON, March 28 U.S. President Donald Trump touted Ford Motor Co's expected announcement later on Tuesday about investments and jobs at its U.S. plants, saying the automaker would be making a major investment in three Michigan facilities.
Trump said in a tweet that the anticipated announcement showed "car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS!JOBS!JOBS!" It was not immediately clear, though, whether Ford was taking new steps or acting on previously planned or announced investments.
(Reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
[India] December 12 (ANI): The Supreme Court will today hear the Centre's plea against an order of the Delhi High Court that allowed arbitration in the Vodafone tax case.
The matter is being heard by a bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra.
Earlier on October 26, the Delhi High Court allowed the Vodafone Group to go ahead with arbitration proceedings against India, under a treaty with the United Kingdom, in connection with a Rs. 11,000-crore tax demand raised against the firm in relation to its $11-billion deal for acquiring a stake in Hutchinson Telecom, which held the group's Indian assets.
However, in an interim order of August, the high court restrained the group or its subsidiaries from going ahead with arbitration under the India-UK Bilateral Investment Protection Agreement (BIPA) as the company had initiated similar proceedings on the same issue under the India-Netherlands BIPA. The court noted that the government was of the view the $11 billion acquisition of stake in Hutch by Vodafone was liable for tax deduction at source under the Income Tax Act.As Vodafone had not deducted tax at source, the government had raised the demand of Rs. 11,000 crore, which was subsequently quashed by the apex court on January 20, 2012. The government later made a retrospective amendment to the Income Tax Act which re-fastened the liability on Vodafone. This aggrieved the firm and the Vodafone International Holdings BV invoked the arbitration clause under BIPA between India and Netherlands. (ANI)
Khloé Kardashian probably won't share the name they and Tristan Thompson have chosen for their daughter until their birth, but there's one moniker they aren't going with: Rose.
The reality star responded to a fan Friday who pointed out the buzz circulating that they were going to give their baby the floral-inspired name.
“Rose is so cute but no that's not on my list,” Kardashian replied on Twitter.
The rumors likely came out of the fact that Kardashian, 33, frequently posts photos of luxurious rose arrangements to their social media — usually in shades of pink and white.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Rose is so cute but no that's not on my list — Khloé (@khloekardashian) March 16, 2018
I think im going with a T — Khloé (@khloekardashian) March 16, 2018
RELATED: All the (Affordable!) Items on Khloé Kardashian's Amazon Baby Registry
Earlier this month, the mom-to-be admitted on the social-media platform that they and their NBA star boyfriend, 27, had gotten as far as choosing a first initial — T or K — but were still debating on what to call their baby girl.
On Thursday, Kardashian narrowed it down even further, telling one fan on Twitter, “I think im going with a T.”
“@khloekardashian do you have a name picked out for your sweet baby girl yet?” another fan asked the Revenge Body star in early March.
“NO!!! It's so hard!!!” Kardashian admitted. “Lol I knew the name if I was having a boy. So now I really have to figure this out 🤦🏼‍♀️”
Khloé Kardashian for Good America Courtesy Good American
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
In their first television appearance since confirming their pregnancy, Kardashian told Ellen DeGeneres that their boy name would be in honor of Thompson.
“I think if it's a boy I'll go with Junior — Tristan Jr.,” they said during the January interview. “Then for a girl, I don't know where to begin.”
Commuters should expect major traffic delays this week after the closure of a major interstate Sunday afternoon.
“As you can see we now have all of I-20 shut down at this location at FM 849 at Hideaway and traffic has been moved to the ramps,” Texas Department of Transportation Public Information Officer, Kathi White said.
The Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) closed I-20 to traffic at FM 849 at Hideaway, noon Sunday through Wednesday morning, for the demolition of the bridge that sustained major structural damage last month. I-20 eastbound and westbound at this location will be closed with traffic reduced to one lane in each direction on the ramps. TxDOT officials said motorists should use alternate routes to avoid the extreme delays expected during this work.
The traffic will remain on the ramps until the FM 849 bridge is completely taken down. Detours are already in effect.
“It's affecting my commute to work because I use to take I-20 so it took me like 10 minutes but now since they're closing the bridge and I-20 down [it] now it takes me like 20 minutes because I have to take 849,” commuter Jeffery Harris said.
The removal of the bridge was accelerated after the bridge was struck nearly a month ago.
“This is an accelerated emergency contract and we're hoping to be able to replace this bridge and have it all finished by at the least the end of April,” White said.
The contractor for the $4.6 million project is Longview Road and Bridge, Ltd., of Longview.
With the holidays approaching, TxDOT officials suggest that commuters avoid I-20 if at all possible.
“With this being the holiday season, people coming and going a lot yeah we expect traffic to get a little crazy you know this is I-20 and it is high volume all the time but at this point we can't avoid where we are,” they said.
For more information, contact Kathi White at Kathi.White@txdot.gov or 903.510.9267
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
April 5 Hisem Co Ltd :
* Says Active Value Asia Partners Co Ltd has acquired 1.7 million shares of the co, and holds 10 percent stake in the co, up from 0 percent stake
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/4OhVJe
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The logo for the British Telecom group is seen outside of offices in the City of London, Britain, January 16 , 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON Britain's telecoms regulator said on Friday it plans to cut the wholesale price that network operator BT (BT.L) can charge other service providers for "superfast" broadband connections with download speeds of up to 40 Mbits per second, to encourage investment in faster services.
Ofcom said it expected the lower charges to be passed on to residential customers, increasing competition in the superfast retail market.
Wholesale pricing will remain unregulated for BT Openreach's ultrafast full-fibre and turbo-charged G.Fast copper-based services in order to encourage companies to construct their own rival networks.
The regulator said on Friday it intended to gradually reduce Openreach's charges for its 40 Mbit/s broadband package from today's level of 88.80 pounds per year to 66.28 pounds next year, 57 pounds the following year and 52.77 pounds in 2020/21.
"Our plans are designed to encourage long-term investment in future ultrafast, full-fibre networks, while promoting competition and protecting consumers from high prices," said Ofcom's Jonathan Oxley.
Ofcom already caps wholesale prices for Openreach's slower copper-based broadband services, which average 8.4 Mbits/s, but did not hitherto control prices for superfast broadband, which averages 33.4 Mbits/s.
It said prices for ultrafast services provided by full-fibre to the premises, which is currently available to only about 2 percent of British properties, and BT's G.Fast service, would not be capped.
Ofcom also proposed tougher service standards for Openreach, in line with the objectives that underpinned its deal that allowed BT to retain ownership of the unit earlier this month.
But an Openreach spokesperson said that on first view the proposals did not appear to incentivise more investment in 'full-fibre' networks.
"The UK needs a regulatory framework that encourages investment and rewards risk," they said.
"Building digital infrastructure is very expensive with long payback periods and we won't recover our more than 3 billion pounds investment until after this charge control period."
Shares in BT rose 0.5 percent to 318.6 pence, as Citi said the proposals were broadly positive for the company.
"The eventual impact on BT will depend on the final decisions on regulated prices, the cost of the higher service standards and the extent to which wholesale pricing influences retail price points and so stimulates further take-up," the bank's analysts said.
The British government, which has put fibre at the centre of its digital strategy, said the proposals were good news for consumers, businesses and the country.
"They will help drive the commercial investment we want to see in full fibre networks, as well as lowering the cost of superfast broadband and improving Openreach's customer service standards," Digital Minister Matt Hancock said.
(Editing by Kate Holton, Greg Mahlich)
Politicians and pundits are debating the memorandum released Friday by the House Intelligence Committee, which suggests that the FBI used the dubious products of Democrats' opposition research to obtain a warrant to spy on a Trump associate.
But no one is debating the fact that the surveillance took place, and there is now evidence that it was politically motivated — which vindicates Breitbart News, radio host Mark Levin, and President Trump himself.
On March 2, 2016, Levin noted mainstream media reports that suggested that law enforcement and intelligence agencies had conducted surveillance of Trump associates during the last months of the Obama administration. They also noted President Barack Obama had taken the unusual step of allowing surveillance reports to be disseminated more widely within the government, which made it more likely that details would be leaked to sympathetic media.
Levin criticized what they called “police state” tactics by the Obama administration, and speculated that the agencies might have been involved in a “silent coup” to undermine the incoming Trump administration, which was loathed by official Washington.
On March 3, Breitbart News reported Levin's broadcast and added additional evidence to the timeline, summarizing Levin's accusations:
In summary: the Obama administration sought, and eventually obtained, authorization to eavesdrop on the Trump campaign; continued monitoring the Trump team even when no evidence of wrongdoing was found; then relaxed the NSA rules to allow evidence to be shared widely within the government, virtually ensuring that the information, including the conversations of private citizens, would be leaked to the media.
On March 4, President Donald Trump tweeted:
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my “wires tapped” in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017
The mainstream media went berserk. Though they had placed the phrase “wires tapped” in quotes, suggesting that they meant to refer to surveillance in general, the mainstream media chose to hold Trump to the literal meaning of those words and declared their claims false.
Brian Stelter of CNN called the whole story a “conspiracy theory” cooked up by right-wing media: “There is no evidence to back up this theory.”
The memo released Friday provides ample evidence. The Obama administration did, in fact, conduct surveillance of former Trump adviser Carter Page, starting in October 2016 — “just before the victory” — and continuing into the new administration.
Moreover, that surveillance was based at least in part on allegations in a dossier compiled for Fusion GPS by the former British spy Christopher Steele, which was funded by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee. (Few of the facts in that dossier have subsequently been substantiated; some have been conclusively debunked.) And at least one of the key agents involved in the investigation, Peter Stzrok, had a severe anti-Trump bias.
We do not know if then-President Barack Obama knew of the surveillance, or whether it included conversations at Trump Tower itself. But the “conspiracy theory” checks out thus far.
Committee chair Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA) told Fox News' Special Report on Friday evening:
The FBI opened a counter-intelligence investigation into the Trump campaign in the summer of 2016. That's what happened. And then, they got a warrant on someone in the Trump campaign using opposition research paid for by the Democratic Party and the Hillary Clinton campaign. That's what this is about. And it's wrong, and it should never be done. … I think the American people understand that the FBI should not go to secret courts using information that was paid for by the Democrats to open upon investigations to get warrants on people of the other political party. That's the type of stuff that happens in banana republics.
Even NeverTrump's Evan McMullin acknowledged an “unprecedented collision of opposition research and national security.”
There is more to know.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named to Forward's 50 “most influential” Jews in 2017.  They are the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Halle Berry is "livid" with their former manager, who has been accused of sexual abuse.
The 51-year-old actor says they were "saddened" at first by allegations against their ex-manager Vincent Cirrincione and is now angry that they used their previous professional relationship with them "to lure and manipulate innocent women".
They wrote on Instagram: "Yesterday I was saddened by the alligations against my former manager, Vincent Cirrincione, but today I'm sick after reading the horrifying detailed accounts of their abuse towards 9 women.
"I'm livid that they used me, and the role model they helped me become, to lure and manipulate innocent, vulnerable women of color for their predatory actions. I'm deeply hurt and I want these woman and countless others to know I see you. I hear you. You matter. I will fight for you (sic)."
Nine minority women have accused the Hollywood manager of sexual harassment and claim they made unwanted sexual advances toward them over a period of two decades.
However, they denied any wrongdoing in a statement to the Washington Post, claiming that all relationships were consensual.
They said: "We live in a time where men are being confronted with a very real opportunity to take responsibility for their actions. I support this movement wholeheartedly. I have had female clients and employees my entire career in this industry. I have built a reputation for advancing the careers of women of color. I have had affairs while in committed relationships, ones I am now ashamed to say are coming to light and shading my past and my reputation. I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors, sexual or otherwise, as a reason for managing anyone. I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual.
"I take responsibility for my part in the situation and I am not here to diminish anyone's feelings or experiences. I apologize to these women, my past and present partner, my clients and employees for the pain this is bringing them. I was under the impression I was living my life as a supportive man to women. It is with a heavy heart that I see now I was wrong."
* Fortescue Q3 shipments drop 6 pct
* Blames bad weather for fall
* Full-yr guidance intact (Adds iron ore market prices, outlook, Fortescue costs, paragraphs 2-4)
By James Regan
SYDNEY, April 13 World No. 4 iron ore miner Fortescue Metals Group reported a 6 percent fall in third-quarter shipments on Thursday but said it was still headed for a bumper year.
Fortescue Chief Executive Nev Power reiterated company guidance to ship between 165 million and 170 million tonnes of iron ore in the year to June 30, most bound for Chinese steel mills.
The Australian miner's cash production costs stood at $13.06 per tonne in the March quarter, a 4 percent rise over the previous quarter owing to weather-related shipping disruptions but still well under market prices.
Fortescue shipped 39.6 million tonnes in the quarter to March 31 versus 42.2 million tonnes the previous quarter, according to its latest operations report.
Facing oversupply and waning demand from top importer China, iron ore has swung into a bear market with the price off more than 20 percent from its February high due to concerns of a looming supply glut.
The Metal Bulletin-quoted price dropped $6.34 on Wednesday to $68.04 per tonne, its biggest one-day percentage drop in 13 months .IO62-CNO=MB. (Reporting by James Regan; Editing by Stephen Coates)
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput said they are astonished by the mainstream media's ongoing war against Donald Trump, while urging patriotic citizens to get behind the president.
“It's just amazing to me how hostile the press is to everything the president does,” Chaput told a radio talk show host Monday.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“I don't want to be partisan in my comments here, but it seems to me if we are really serious about our common responsibilities, we support the president,” Chaput said, adding that good citizens should “wish them success rather than trying to undermine him.”
The Archbishop holds solid credentials for making their case, since they were sharply critical of Donald Trump during the election cycle. In an article last October, Chaput characterized Trump as a “a vulgar, boorish lout and disrespecter of women, with a serious impulse control problem.” (Granted, they reserved even choicer epithets for Hillary Clinton, calling them “a scheming, robotic liar with a lifelong appetite for power and an entourage riddled with anti-Catholic bigots”).
Chaput said that there is an important place for responsible criticism of a sitting president, which is different from a persistently adversarial relationship. It is “important for us to at least hope for success so that our country can come to a better place,” they said.
For the redoubtable Archbishop, who clearly was no fan of Trump's, urging the nation to unite under its democratically elected leader represents a rare voice of calm rationality amidst a frenzied cacophony of protests.
Chaput's chastisement of the mainstream media regarding their treatment of the U.S. President fits into a larger critical narrative proposed by the Archbishop, who views the media as a largely negative influence on American culture.
In a new book, Strangers in a Strange Land, due for release next Tuesday, Chaput lays out a road map for living the Christian faith in a post-Christian world, which includes dealing with media that seek to undermine values that Christians hold dear.
Pulling no punches, Chaput writes that “our mass-media culture works to make people shallow, gullible, angry, and dumb much of the time,” while offering “a steady diet of congenial, practical atheism, highlighting religious hypocrisy and cultivating consumer appetite.”
The mass media, they write, tend to have “a corrosive effect on traditional certainties and patterns of life.”
While never advocating a siege mentality or withdrawal from the battle for America's soul, the Archbishop does urge media users to be savvy, weighing the information and perspectives offered with a critical eye.
The constant flow of information provided by today's mass media affects the way things are perceived, Chaput argues. “What people come to know is not reality as such, but what they are shown.”
On the downside, “constant repetition of selected items of information involves a decline in critical awareness, and this is a crucial factor in forming what is considered public opinion,” they write, drawing on a text from the Pontifical Council for Culture.
The archbishop does not leave their critique in the abstract, but lays out specific areas where they see “the increasingly explicit editorial bias in the nation's flagship news organizations” to be especially corrosive.
On the topic of abortion, for instance, Chaput blasts “a chronic newsroom prejudice” whereby “Planned Parenthood is assumed good,” while its critics are assumed bad. Moreover, “the language of ‘abortion rights,' common in most newsrooms, has the familiar Orwellian ring of avoiding an unpleasant reality (killing a child in utero) by calling it something else,” they write.
Likewise, when dealing with the contentious issue of transgenderism, Chaput sees a similar media prejudice.
“Media coverage of transgender issues has been lavish and lopsidedly positive,” they write. “It has also been based on science that is at best inadequate and at worst gravely flawed.”
While mainstream media bias often manifests itself by politically correct language and positions, Chaput contends, at other times it does so through its silence around newsworthy topics.
“We live at a time when Muslim extremists destroy Christian churches and holy sites, kidnap and enslave Christian women, and publicly slaughter Christian men in many parts of Africa and the Middle East,” they write, and yet these stories receive “only modest attention from American and European news media.”
Media scandals, like other scandals, follow a discernible pattern, the Archbishop believes.
“In nearly every case the pattern is similar: Truth is adjusted or ‘interpreted,' ignored or justified away, to get seemingly urgent results. And deceit then spreads and takes root like a weed,” they write.
In a world where news stories are spun out of conjecture, then repeated until believed as true, the Archbishop's sensible warnings could not be more opportune.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
HAVANA, April 29 A military airplane crashed against a mountain in the north-western region of Artemisa on Saturday morning, killing all eight military personnel on board, the Cuban News Agency (ACN) reported.
"The eight militaries on board, including the crew, died," ACN reported. "A commission of the Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces is investigating the causes of the accident." (Reporting by Nelson Acosta and Sarah Marsh; Editing by Sandra Maler)
VIGO COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - Students in Vigo County are preparing for the first ever summer retake the exam for ISTEP. 100 incoming seniors just completed a summer course.
Scroll for more content...
It's the first of its kind in Vigo County. Students received a high school credit and math ISTEP training.
Around 770 incoming seniors are scheduled to retake a portion of the test for graduation.
"There were a lot of people who made this happen. The parents and the kids for coming every day. This was a four and a half hour class, that's a big commitment from the kid and the parents for getting them there,” said John Newport, Director of Math and Science Assessment for VCSC.
Education leaders say the class of 2019 was supposed to be the first graduating class under the new ISTEP exam. They are now offering a new option for incoming seniors.
It's a program that could help students who are struggling to pass. State Superintendent Jennifer McCormick says the department is finalizing a graduation program called Pathways.
Seniors can opt in by meeting other requirements such as service or work experience, according to IDOE.
McCormick says they will solidify the requirements at July's state board meeting. For more information on Pathways click here.
Vigo County Schools say they are actively looking into this option.
ESA astronaut Andreas Mogensen has filmed an extremely rare natural phenomenon from the ISS.
The footage was taken back in September 2015, but has recently been making the rounds online.
The footage was taken over The Bay Of Bengal.
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) leaders from left, ASEAN Secretary General Le Luong Minh, Indonesian President Joko 'Jokowi' Widodo, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak and Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha (hidden) during the 10th Indonesia - Malaysia - Thailand Growth Triangle (IMT-GT) Summit as part of the ASEAN 2017 in metropolitan Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron Favila/Pool
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) leaders link arms during the opening ceremony of the 30th ASEAN Summit in Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. L-R: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi, Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah of Brunei Darussalam, Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Laos' Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith. REUTERS/Mark Crisanto/Pool
MANILA Southeast Asian countries took a softer stance on South China Sea disputes during a weekend summit, according to a statement issued on Sunday, which went easy on China by avoiding tacit references to its building and arming of its manmade islands.
A chairperson's statement of the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) was released about 12 hours after the summit ended, and dropped references to "land reclamation and militarization" included in the text issued at last year's meeting, and in an earlier, unpublished version seen by Reuters on Saturday.
The outcome follows what two ASEAN diplomats on Saturday said were efforts by Chinese foreign ministry and embassy officials to pressure ASEAN chair the Philippines to keep Beijing's contentious activities in the strategic waterway off ASEAN's official agenda.
It also indicates four ASEAN members who the diplomats said had wanted a firmer position had agreed to the statement's more conciliatory tone.
China is not a member of the 10-member bloc and did not attend the summit but is extremely sensitive about the content of its statements. It has often been accused of trying to influence the drafts to muzzle what it sees as dissent and challenges to its sweeping sovereignty claim.
China's embassy in Manila could not be reached and its foreign ministry did not respond to request for comment on Saturday.
The statement also noted "the improving cooperation between ASEAN and China", and did not include references to "tensions" or "escalation of activities" seen in earlier drafts and in last year's text. It noted, without elaborating, some leaders' concerns about "recent developments" in the strategic, resource-rich waterway
A Philippine diplomat said it was an open secret that China tries to lean on ASEAN members to protect its interests, but that was not the reason for the unusual delay in issuing the statement.
"There are one or two member countries which lobbied for some changes in some text in the statement, but not related to the South China Sea," the source said.
Beijing has reacted angrily to individual members expressing their concern about its rapid reclamation of reefs in the Spratlys and its installation of missile systems on them.
Another ASEAN diplomat said the statement was a genuine representation of the atmosphere of the Manila meetings.
"We respected the Philippines' views and cooperated," the diplomat said. "It clearly reflected how the issue was discussed."
POINTLESS TO PRESSURE
The softened statement comes as the current ASEAN chairperson, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, seeks to bury the hatchet with China after years of wrangling over its maritime assertiveness. After lobbying from Duterte, China agreed to let Filipinos back to the rich fishing ground of the Scarborough Shoal following a four-year blockade.
The no-nonsense leader set the tone for the meeting on Thursday when they said it was pointless discussing China's maritime activities, because no one dared to pressure Beijing anyway.
As a sign of Duterte's friendship with Beijing, three Chinese navy vessels on Sunday made a rare visit to the Philippines. Duterte will inspect a guided-missile destroyer in their hometown of Davao on Monday.
Duterte's foreign policy strategy is a stunning reversal of that of the previous administration, which had close ties with the United States and was seen by China as a nuisance.
That Philippines government in 2013 challenged Beijing by lodging a case with the Permanent Court of Arbitration in 2013.
Two weeks into Duterte's presidency last year, the Hague court ruled in favour of the Philippines, angering China. But Duterte has made it clear they would not press Beijing to comply anytime soon, and is more interested in doing business than sparring.
The final chairperson's statement issued made no mention to the arbitration case. However, it did include in a section separate to the South China Sea chapter the need to show "full respect for legal and diplomatic processes" in resolving disputes.
Underlining Beijing's sensitivity about the arbitration award, the two diplomatic sources on Saturday said Chinese embassy officials had lobbied behind the scenes for that sentence to be dropped, and considered it a veiled reference to the ruling.
One diplomat indicated that ongoing moves between China and ASEAN to draft a framework for negotiating a maritime code of conduct may have been a factor in agreeing the softened statement.
All sides want to complete the framework this year, although there is some scepticism that China's would agree to a set of rules that could impact its geostrategic interests.
(Writing by Martin Petty; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
Con Mahon
Balleragh, Lorrha, Nenagh. Reposing at Portumna Retirement Village tomorrow Thursday from 4 until 7. Arriving to St. Ruadhan's Church, Lorrha on Friday for mass for Con Mahon at 11. Funeral afterwards to adjoining cemetery. House private on Friday morning, by request.
Maureen Delaney née Crehan
Rookhill, Ballinamore Bridge, Ballinasloe. Reposing at Cunningham's Funeral Home, Newbridge this evening from 6 until 8:30. Removal from their home tomorrow Thursday to St. Patrick's Church, Newbridge for mass for Maureen Delaney at 12. Funeral afterwards to Killyan Cemetery. House private tomorrow morning and family flowers only, by request. Donations, if desired, to St. Patrick's Church, Newbridge Restoration Fund.
Mary Lomas née Trayers
An Teach Mór, Lettermullen. Celebration of Mary's life will take place tomorrow Thursday at 2 in Shannon Crematorium.
Martin Kilcommons
Kilbegnet, Creggs, Co. Roscommon. Reposing at Flanagan's Funeral Home, Ballymoe this evening from 5 until 8. Reposing privately thereafter at the family home. Removal on Friday to St. Mary's Church, Kilbegnet for mass for Martin Kilcommons at 11:30. Funeral afterwards to Kilbegnet Cemetery. House private on Friday morning and family flowers only, by request. Donations, if desired, to Roscommon/Galway Hospice.
John O'Rourke
Rockvale, Boston, Tubber, Co. Clare. Arriving at St. Mary's Church, Boston this evening at 6:30 for prayers followed by reposing. Mass for John O'Rourke tomorrow Thursday at 12. Funeral afterwards to Kiltacky Cemetery.
Christina Hanly née Murphy
Paddy's Cross, Barna and formerly of Castletown Cross, Co. Mayo. Reposing at their home today from 4 with removal at 7 to Church of Mary Immaculate Queen, Barna to arrive at 7:30. Mass for Christina Hanly tomorrow Thursday at 12. Funeral afterwards to Realt na Mara Cemetery, Furbo. Family flowers only, by request. Donations, if desired, to Western Alzheimer's.
Elizabeth Gibbs née Mulqueen
Oranmore. Reposing at Tearmann Mhuire in the grounds of Church of the Immaculate Conception, Oranmore today from 4. Removal at 6 to adjoining church. Mass for Elizabeth Gibbs tomorrow Thursday at 11. Funeral afterwards to Renville Cemetery. House private and family flowers only, by request. Donations, if desired, to Cancer Care West and Galway Hospice Foundation.
Thomas J also known at TJ Keady
Ower, Headford. Reposing at Carey's Funeral Home, Claran Road, Headford this evening from 5 until 8. Arriving at St. Mary's Church, Claran tomorrow Thursday for mass for TJ Keady at 1. Funeral afterwards to Killursa Cemetery.
Anna Marie McEvoy née Fahy
Lisaniska, Killimor, Ballinasloe. Reposing at their home today from 4 with prayers at 8. Removal to St. Joseph's Church, Killimor tomorrow Thursday for mass for Anna Marie McEvoy at 12. Funeral afterwards to Old Cemetery, Killimor.
Baby John Anthony Ward
Manchester and Weir Road, Tuam. Reposing at Burns Funeral Home, Tuam today from 4. Removal at 6 to Cathedral of the Assumption, Tuam. Mass of the Angels for Baby John Anthony Ward tomorrow Thursday at 3. Funeral afterwards to Tuam Cemetery.
Mai Kirwan née O'Brien
Kilcurriff, Cummer, Tuam. Reposing at St. Colman's Room adjoining St. Colman's Church, Corofin this evening from 5. Removal at 7 to the church. Mass for Mai Kirwan tomorrow Thursday at 12. Funeral afterwards to Cummer Cemetery.
Edmond also known as Eddie Trotman
River Vista, Oughterard and formerly of Rathfarnham, Dublin. Mass for Eddie Trotman tomorrow Thursday at 10 in Church of the Holy Spirit, Marian Road, Rathfarnham followed by cremation at 12 in Mount Jerome Crematorium, Harold's Cross. House private, by request.
Denis Murphy
Harrow, London and formerly of Killorglin, Co. kerry. Husband of Mary née McCooke, Doorus Demesne, Kinvara. Reposing at Corless Funeral Home, The Square, Kinvara today from 4. Removal at 6 to St. Kieran's Church, Doorus arriving at 7. Mass for Denis Murphy tomorrow Thursday at 11:30. Funeral afterwards to adjoining cemetery.
PJ Greene
Raheene, Loughrea. Mass for PJ Greene this morning at 11 in Church of the Holy Family, Clostoken. Funeral afterwards to local cemetery. Family flowers only, by request. Donations, if desired, to Oncology Unit, University Hospital, Galway.
March 30 S&P Global Ratings
* s&p - sanctuary jurisdictions will not face an immediate credit risk from federal cuts
* s&p - "federal funding can represent a sizable share of municipal budgets, averaging 9 percent of local government spending in 2015 for jurisdictions we analyzed"
* s&p - loss of federal funding can adversely affect reserve and budget levels, could lead to rating action if local government cannot mitigate lost federal funding
This story is about Published 1h
How Mack Brown is getting closer and closer to Texas program under the Tom Herman era Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Ricardo Brazziell/AP Tom Herman, left, and their wife, Michelle, joke with former University of Texas head coach Mack Brown after the news conference at which Herman was introduced as the new football coach of the Longhorns. The news conference was in the Carpenter-Winkel Centennial Room of Bellmont Hall on Sunday, November 27, 2016. (Ricardo Brazziell/Austin American-Statesman via AP) ORG XMIT: TXAUS
By Chuck Carlton , Staff Writer Contact Chuck Carlton on Twitter: @ChuckCarltonDMN
Three takeaways from recent developments in college sports:
Action: Mack Brown was part of the Longhorn Network broadcast team for the Texas spring game Saturday, offering insight into the current quarterback situation.
Reaction: After being fired after the 2013 season, Brown kept a healthy distance from Texas football despite working as an ESPN analyst. After a few years, he's now getting closer to the program, something new athletic director Chris Del Conte has embraced - especially with former Brown grad assistant Tom Herman as the head coach.
At the same time, Brown didn't hesitate to offer a few opinions during the LHN broadcast. They praised Shane Buechele's accuracy and Sam Ehlinger's size while noting that they shouldn't be Texas' leading rusher. And they explained the situation facing Herman. “The other thing that we're missing though is both of these quarterbacks have been injured, and all of a sudden you make the decision to go with one, one transfers, you've talked about it ... you have to play a first-year student,” Brown said. “That's not good if the other one gets hurt. So you want both of them here. If one of them is going to get hurt, you have to keep the other one alive. So it's a problem until you get somebody who's so much better than the other one, you know they can take over and win the Big 12.”
Nathan Hunsinger/Staff Photographer Horned Frogs wide receiver Kolby Listenbee (7) catches a ball at the one-yard line against SMU in the second half at Ford Stadium in Dallas, TX Sept. 27, 2014. TCU beat SMU 56-0. (Nathan Hunsinger/The Dallas Morning News)
Action: The lawsuit brought by former TCU receiver Kolby Listenbee against their former school and coach Gary Patterson, among others, will be the subject of a report Tuesday on HBO's Real Sports. Reaction: Since Listenbee filed their lawsuit, the story hasn't gained a whole lot of traction outside of outside the D-FW area. The HBO report will introduce (or re-introduce) a bunch of people to the lawsuit. While TCU has disputed the accusations in statements, Listenbee alleges they were bullied into playing through a groin injury in 2015 and suffered permanent damage. Several former players have backed Listenbee. Others have disputed the characterization of the school, Patterson and the training and medical staff. When they met with the media earlier this spring to field questions, Patterson said Texas high school football coaches know them and their staff and that they hadn't been quizzed about the lawsuit. The more exposure the story gets, the more TCU may get those questions.
Bo Rader/TNS Kansas State head coach Bill Snyder takes notes on their handheld recorder during the annual Spring Game at K-State in Manhattan, Kan., on Saturday, April 21, 2018. (Bo Rader/Wichita Eagle/TNS)
Action: Quarterbacks Alex Delton and Skylar Thompson were both impressive in the rain during Kansas State's spring game. Reaction: K-State coach Bill Snyder historically has done their best with an experienced mobile quarterback. Both Delton and Thompson fit the bill, with Delton running for 158 yards and accounting for four touchdowns in the Cactus Bowl win over UCLA. Alex Barnes ran for 819 yards last season and looked good this spring. As usual, Kansas State probably won't be picked to finish especially high in the Big 12. As usual, you can safely figure that the Wildcats will finish at least two spots higher than where they're slotted in the preseason.
], Mar. 20 (ANI): Three people were arrested in Surat on Monday for attempting to derail the Pune-Ahmedabad Ahimsa Express in December 2017.
The trio has been identified as Babla, Biranj and Balram.
Surat Police Commissioner Satish Sharma said, "More than eight or nine people were involved in this matter. These people were objecting to the police patrol against drug smuggling."
The three arrested along with other 10 -12 people kept obstacles on the tracks on 28th December 2017.
The reason for the same is still unknown and the police is interrogating the same. (ANI)
WASHINGTON U.S. economic growth slowed less than previously reported in the fourth quarter as robust consumer spending provided a boost that was partially offset by the largest gain in imports in two years.
Gross domestic product increased at a 2.1 percent annualized rate instead of the previously reported 1.9 percent pace, the Commerce Department said on Thursday in its third GDP estimate for the period.
The economy grew at a 3.5 percent rate in the third quarter. Despite the upward revision to the fourth quarter, the economy grew only 1.6 percent for all of 2016, its worst performance since 2011, after expanding 2.6 percent in 2015.
There are signs that economic activity slowed further in the first quarter, with the trade deficit widening in January and both consumer and construction spending weakening.
With the labor market near full employment, the data likely understates the health of the economy - GDP also tends to be weaker in the first quarter because of calculation issues the government has acknowledged and is trying to resolve.
"Some of this softness is due to seasonal adjustment issues that will reverse later in the year," said Gus Faucher, deputy chief economist at PNC Financial in Pittsburgh. "Consumer spending will lead growth thanks to higher incomes from more jobs and rising wages."
The Atlanta Federal Reserve is forecasting GDP rising at a rate of 1.0 percent in the first quarter.
Though the moderate growth pace has been sufficient to lower unemployment, it is a challenge to President Donald Trump's goal of boosting annual growth to 4 percent by slashing taxes, increasing infrastructure spending and cutting regulations.
The Trump administration has offered few details on its economic policies, but both business and consumer confidence have surged following the business person-turned-politician's electoral victory last November.
After last week's failed attempt by Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives to repeal the Obama administration's 2010 healthcare law, economists say Trump faces a tough road ahead implementing their pro-growth agenda.
"The primary question is whether the next few years will resemble the last several years with growth of around 2 percent or whether better days lie ahead," said Jim Baird, chief investment officer at Plante Moran Financial Advisors in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
The dollar .DXY was slightly stronger against a basket of currencies, while prices for U.S. Treasuries fell. U.S. stocks were trading higher. Economists polled by Reuters had expected fourth-quarter GDP would be revised up to a 2.0 percent rate.
TIGHTENING LABOR MARKET
The government also reported that corporate profits after tax with inventory valuation and capital consumption adjustments increased at an annual rate of 2.3 percent in the fourth quarter after rising at a 6.7 percent pace in the previous three months.
Profits were held back by a $4.95 billion settlement between the U.S. subsidiary of Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) and the U.S. federal and state governments for violation of environmental regulations. As a result, the economy grew at only a 1.0 percent rate when measured from the income side, braking sharply from the 5.0 percent pace of growth in the third quarter.
Growth in consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, was revised up to a 3.5 percent rate in the fourth quarter. It was previously reported to have risen at a 3.0 percent rate.
Consumer spending is being supported by a tightening labor market. A separate report from the Labor Department on Thursday showed initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell 3,000 to a seasonally adjusted 258,000 for the week ended March 25.
Claims have now been below 300,000, a threshold associated with a healthy labor market for 108 straight weeks. That is the longest stretch since 1970, when the labor market was smaller.
Domestic demand increased at a robust 3.4 percent rate in the fourth quarter, the fastest pace in two years.
Some of the increase in demand was satiated with imports, which increased at a 9.0 percent rate. That was the biggest rise since the fourth quarter of 2014 and was an upward revision from the 8.5 percent growth pace reported last month.
Exports fell more than previously estimated, leaving a trade deficit that subtracted 1.82 percentage point from GDP growth instead of the previously reported 1.70 percentage points.
Robust domestic demand and import growth meant stronger inventory investment than previously estimated. Businesses accumulated inventories at a rate of $49.6 billion in the last quarter, instead of the $46.2 billion reported last month.
Business investment was revised lower to reflect a more modest pace of spending on intellectual property, which increased at a 1.3 percent rate instead of the previously estimated 4.5 percent pace.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao)
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the NL Division Series between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
The Louisiana Republican made a triumphant return to the House last week — more than three months after they were wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Scalise wore a red Nationals jersey Friday night with their name and No. 3 on the back. They threw to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey while holding onto a walker stationed a few feet in front of the mound.
Scalise, Bailey and two others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice. Zack Barth and Matt Mika, the other shooting victims, were honored after the pitch.
A 92-year-old Arizona woman was charged with their son's murder after they allegedly shot them for trying to move them to an assisted living facility.
Anna Mae Blessing, of Fountain Hills, Arizona, allegedly shot their 72-year-old son in the neck and face on Tuesday after “contemplating for several days their son's intentions to place them in an assisted living facility,” a news release from the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office stated.
Blessing allegedly hid two pistols, which they had owned since the 1970s, in the pockets of their robe before they confronted their son in their bedroom.
They allegedly told police that they removed a handgun and shot their son, whose name was not released, multiple times.
Their girlfriend, 57, who was in the room, struggled with Blessing over the weapon until the elderly woman dropped it, police said.
Blessing allegedly took out the second handgun and aimed at their son's girlfriend but the younger woman managed to knock it out of their hand.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
When police arrived, they found Blessing sitting in their recliner, court documents obtained by Arizona Family revealed.
“As the suspect was being escorted from the residence, they made a spontaneous statement to the effect of ‘You took my life, so I'm taking yours,'” the arresting officer stated in the court documents.
Blessing told police they planned to kill themselves but they no longer had a gun to do so after wrestling with their son's girlfriend.
“The suspect was asked what they think should happen to her, which they replied they should be ‘put to sleep' as a result of their actions,” the officer said in the probable cause statement.
They told authorities their son wanted them to leave because they “had become difficult to live with,” USA Today reports.
Blessing has been charged with one count of murder in the first degree, one count of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and one count of kidnapping.
The 92-year-old appeared before the court Tuesday. They did not enter a plea.
Blessing's bond was set at $50,000. Them next court hearing is on July 10.
CHICAGO — The mayors of Chicago and Washington are making a friendly wager on the outcome of the National League Division Series between the Cubs and the Nationals.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said Friday that he's wagering beer, sausage and steaks. Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser is betting beer and half-smokes.
The losing mayor also will make a donation to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
Bowser says she's looking forward "to enjoying some of Chicago's most delicious treats." Emanuel says there's no doubt last year's World Series champion Cubs will "take the series."
EXPERIENCED CHALLENGE Cup campaigner Chris Chester reckons Wakefield Trinity have got what it takes to go all the way to Wembley this year.
Trinity will be aiming to reach a second successive semi-final when they visit Salford Red Devils tonight.
Jordan Crowther
Chester was in charge when they battled through to the last-four in 2016 and masterminded Hull KR's march to the final two years ago.
And they insisted: “If we can scrape a win and get into the semi-final on neutral ground we fancy our chances against anyone.
“We have got a tough task against Salford, but it's one we are excited about and looking forward to.
“There's no second chances in this competition and it's one we want to go as far as we possibly can in.
Chris Annakin
“It will be a tough game, but fingers crossed we can come away with a result.”
Forwards David Fifita (knee) and James Batchelor (hip) have joined Trinity's injury list after being hurt in the 18-16 loss to Leeds Rhinos five days ago which ended Wakefield's seven-game winning streak.
Craig Huby, Reece Lyne, Jordan Crowther and Danny Kirmond are vying for a recall and Chester said: “Losing Dave and Batch has not helped and we've got a few blokes carrying knocks, but we will go there with a very competitive team.
“What we are expecting is the people who come in will give us some energy and play well.
“People like Jordy and Chris Annakin have had to wait for an opportunity and with Craig Huby and Reece Lyne having last weekend off we have got some fresh bodies.”
Salford were on a seven-match winning charge before successive defeats by Wakefield and Hull and Chester admitted the recent tough schedule has “taken a lot of juice out of everybody”.
They said: “They have had an extra day in terms of recovery and they are a good side.
“They are up there in the top four on merit and they've been one of the most consistent sides in the competition.
“They've had a bit of a blip, but we are expecting them to bounce back this week.”
Salford coach Ian Watson will select from the 17 on duty against Hull last Friday, plus Logan Tomkins and Mark Flanagan.
Gadchiroli (Maharashtra): As many as 19 women, including a commander, are among 37 Maoists gunned down in two pitched battles by the Maharashtra Police in the forests of the state's Gadchiroli in the past 48 hours, eliminating at least four top commanders and virtually shattering the backbone of the rebels, a top police official said here on Tuesday evening.
State Additional Director-General of Police, Operations, D. Kanakratnam said that in the first gun battle on Sunday, the elite CRPF C-60 force's Battalion No. 9 commandos succeeded in ambushing a Maoist force of around 40-50 persons and there was continuous firing for nearly three hours before a complete lull.
"Thereafter, the security forces mounted a search in the battle-zone and found 16 bodies of slain Maoists, including seven women, after the gunfight in the Kasnasur area of Bhamragad in the district. Late on Monday, there was another encounter in Rajaram Khandla area of Jimalgatta in the district, in which six Maoists were killed, including four women," they told a packed media conference.
Late on Monday and early Tuesday, as part of the search operations, the security forces came upon bodies of 15 Maoists floating near the banks of the Indravati River on the Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh borders, taking the total toll to 37.
These 15 Maoists are said to be from among those who managed to escape into the forests during Sunday's funfight and subsequently succumbed to their bullet injuries while attempting to cross the river.
"We have so far identified around 16 of the rebels and work is underway to identify the rest. Overall, among those identified, they carried a combined reward of Rs 10.06 million on their heads," said Kanakratnam.
The operation - the biggest in the anti-Maoist war since the past over 38 years - saw the elimination of at least four prominent commanders, and dealt a body blow to their rebellious activities in the district.
"The killed include the south region chief Srikant alias Ravtu Vijendra, 50, known as Srinu, besides the commanders of the Aheri, Gatta and Permili dalams (Maoist fighter units), including a woman chief, a deputy commander and prominent members of various groups," Kanakratnam said.
The dalam commanders have been identified as Dolesh Madi Atram alias Sainath (Permili), Mangli Pada alias Shantabai, 31, (Aheri), the wife of Srinu (above), Naresh Kutke Yeladi alias Raju/Ramesh, 29, (Gatta), and Vasudevo Bichha Atram alias Nandu, who is the Aheri dalam's DVC (killed in the Monday night battle).
Police officials surmise that the Aheri and Sironcha dalams have been totally wiped out in the two-day operations which claimed four out of five of their top leaders.
Besides the bodies, police have also recovered a cache of sophisticate arms, including two AK-47s, two INSAS, three SLRs, three .303s, one 58 mm gun, eight 12 bore rifles, a musket, pittus and detonators, besides Naxal literature from these operations, said Additional DGP (L&O) Bipin Bihari.
Search and combing operations continue, though interrupted by heavy rain and bad weather, in the entire Gadchiroli district even Tuesday, said an official this evening.
The twin victory leading to elimination of 37 Maoists was celebrated with no-holds barred dancing and merrymaking by the security officials in the past couple of days.
The district is among the worst affected by the Maoist insurgency. It has been virtually sealed off by the security forces, as they stalked the Red rebels in the jungles, villages, hills and valleys to snuff them out from their deep hideouts.
Other Maoist-affected states in the neighbourhood like Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Jharkhand, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana have gone on a state of high alert ever since the state security forces here launched their biggest and most crushing anti-Maoist operation in almost four decades.
[India] March 19 (ANI): India and Hong Kong on Monday signed an agreement in Beijing for the avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
The Ministry of Finance, in a statement, said, "Government of India and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) of People's Republic of China have signed an agreement for the avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income."
It added that "the agreement will stimulate the flow of investment, technology and personnel from India to HKSAR and vice versa, prevent double taxation and provide for the exchange of information between the two contracting parties. It will improve transparency in tax matters and will help curb tax evasion and tax avoidance".
India has signed similar agreements with other countries. (ANI)
Last weekend, Mother Nature rained on our Mardi Gras parades. This weekend, they are taking mercy on the children, but not everyone.
Rain chances are expected to gradually increase this afternoon, with the best chances arriving after 6 PM this evening.
Rain chances really ramp up late this evening into the early morning hours Sunday. #mswx @WLOX pic.twitter.com/rbq4e58au5 — Eric Jeansonne WLOX (@Weatheric) February 3, 2018
That means early parades like the children's parades in Biloxi, Bay St. Louis, and Pascagoula should stay dry.
But, parades happening tonight, will be cutting it close. The Long Beach parade may start to see showers approach the area just as it begins to wrap up.
The good news is that our very own Chief Meteorologist Carrie Duncan will be the Grand Marshal of that parade. So, perhaps they and Mother Nature can work something out.
Rainfall amounts between tonight and Sunday morning are expected to be in the half inch to one inch range. Perhaps a bulls eye of higher totals north of Pearl River, Wiggins, and Lucedale. #mswx @WLOX pic.twitter.com/0wwXSEGHDk — Eric Jeansonne WLOX (@Weatheric) February 3, 2018
Showers are expected to be done by noon Sunday.
Eric Jeansonne
WLOX Meteorologist
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Deadliest Catch has captivated fans for 14 seasons — but the Discovery Channel series has also faced its fair share of tragedy.
Two years ago, Captain Sig Hansen suffered a heart attack while filming. When it happened, the fisherman wanted to keep going, but the crew insisted they receive medical attention, so they were air-lifted to medical facility in Anchorage, Alaska.
“That was close,” Hansen later told PEOPLE Now. “That was like a 50/50 chance.”
Others weren't so lucky. The Emmy-winning documentary series portrays the real-life events aboard fishing vessels in the perilous, icy waters of the Bering Sea, depicting how crab fishing in Alaska is one of the most dangerous jobs in the world. Not all Deadliest Catch fatalities, however, happened at sea — here's a look back at the show's late stars.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Blake Painter
On Friday, former Deadliest Catch captain Blake Painter was found dead in their home in Astoria, Oregon, the Clatsop County Sheriff's Office confirmed to PEOPLE. They were 38.
The past captain of the F/V Maverick appeared on the series in 2006 and 2007. According to TMZ, they were discovered when a friend grew concerned and called police after not having heard from them in several days.
Police are testing several substances found at the scene of Painter's death for narcotics. They do not suspect foul play, though their official cause of death will be determined following an autopsy and toxicology test. Local newspaper The Daily Astorian reported that Painter was arrested earlier this year when a police officer allegedly saw them smoking heroin while driving.
Blake Painter Discovery
Painter, an expert crab fisherman, spoke of their love-hate relationship with their career, including several of their related injuries, in an interview with Seattle Weekly in 2013.
“I dread long-lining season, just because it's so repetitive,” they said, before noting, “When fishing is good, you're making money quick. It's not uncommon to make $1,000 a day.”
Phil Harris
Phil Harris' death stunned fellow fishermen and fans in 2010, when the colorful captain and part owner of the Cornelia Marie suffered a massive stroke while off-loading crab in Alaska on Jan. 29. An engineer found Phil on the floor of their room, unable to move. Phil called for their son Josh, who called 911.
“The whole left side of their face was in paralysis, and that was hard,” Josh told PEOPLE at the time. “He couldn't move their arms or anything, they were just paralyzed on the floor.”
Phil Harris Discovery Channel
Phil was rushed to hospital in Anchorage, where they underwent a long operation. They came out of the medically induced coma and their condition appeared to be improving, but on Feb. 9, the veteran fisherman died at the age of 53 surrounded by family and friends in the hospital.
“We had nine days total that we were there to enjoy a few moments with him,” said Josh. “We had our closest people there, and it was awesome.”
Justin Tennison
Justin Tennison, a deckhand on Deadliest Catch‘s Time Bandit, was found dead in a Homer, Alaska, hotel room on Feb. 22, 2011 — four days after they returned from the sea. They were 33. Autopsy results reportedly revealed that their death was due to complications related to sleep apnea.
Justin Tennison Courtesy Time Bandit
“It is with great sadness that the Time Bandit family announces the death of crew member Justin Tennison,” the vessel's crew posted on its website at the time. “Justin died peacefully in their sleep.”
“Justin was tough as a bull and was an all-around good hand,” continued the statement. “The captains and crew appreciated their hard work and many contributions this past year. We will miss them terribly and wish their family all the best during this most difficult time. Justin is survived by a son, daughter, sister, father and grandparents.”
Joe McMahon
In July 2015, Joe McMahon, a former producer on the show, was shot and killed near their parents home in Pasadena, California. They were 24.
Joe McMahon/Facebook
McMahon was an associate producer for the network in 2013 and worked on nine episodes of The Deadliest Catch. According to Deadline, the L.A. County Sheriff's Department later reported that the suspect was found dead in their car with what appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Tony Lara
Tony Lara, former Deadliest Catch captain, died of a heart attack in their sleep in Sturgis, South Dakota, on Aug. 8, 2015.
Lara, who also had their own freight and salvage company, appeared in six episodes as the captain of the Cornelia Marie.
Tony Lara Discovery Channel
“He was always a captain that was super easy to get along with,” Lara's longtime friend and fellow captain Keith Colburn later told PEOPLE. “Very professional and people enjoyed their company.”
“He was a really good guy all around, and they had wonderful character,” added Colburn. “If you ever needed help, they would be the first guy there to help you out.”
Dr. Keith Anderson
In January 2010, Keith Anderson, the father of Northwestern deckhand Jake Anderson, went missing in Washington state. Their truck was found abandoned in a rural area about two weeks later.
In 2012, Keith's skeletal remains were found by a hiker about a mile away from where their truck had been abandoned.
Deadliest Catch viewers watched Jake work through the heartache, including watching them return to the site where their father's truck was found.
0 Why MPD took five years to make arrest after Jimmie Martin's first confession
Sherra Wright's cousin could be the one to put them behind bars for life.
According to investigators, their cousin, Jimmie Martin, first turned on them in 2012. Billy Turner and Sherra Wright were not arrested until more than five years later. Sherra Wright's defense team is looking to shift the suspicion on to Martin.
At Wednesday's bond hearing they questioned Martin's reliability and integrity. The attorney's also said, why did it take seven years to solve, if Martin confessed back in 2012?
RELATED: Sherra Wright's cousin details murder plot in bombshell statement
Sherra Wright will soon be on trial for first degree murder. In large part because of their cousin, Jimmie Martin, told police they masterminded their ex-husband's death and led them to one of the murder weapons.
“[Martin's] testimony is also corroborated with huge physical evidence,” said prosecutor Paul Hagerman. “A lake in Mississippi, where at the bottom of it sits a firearm, for years and years and years. And when it is finally recovered, it matches what? Every 9mm shell casing right there around the body of Lorenzen Wright.”
Trending stories:
The information about the murder plot and submerged weapon was presented to MPD homicide detectives back in 2012, after Jimmie Martin was convicted of murdering their girlfriend, then flipped on their cousin.
“I don't think anyone has looked at or mentioned the fact that Mr. Martin gave this statement in 2012,” said Steve Farese Jr., who is representing Sherra Wright. “And if you were so reliable, why weren't any arrests made at that time? Why was there no cooperation at that time?
RELATED: Sherra Wright's bond set at $20 million
The defense hinted that the answer could play a major role in their trial strategy.
It's a question FOX13 asked Lorenzen's Mom, Deborah Marion.
“What do you think about the fact that it took six years for an arrest,” asked FOX13's Zach Crenshaw.
“They just weren't doing their job,” said Marion. “They just didn't have the right people working the case.”
The MPD and District Attorney have not answered any questions about the potentially delayed arrests of Sherra Wright and Billy Turner.
“That is something I can't comment on at this time. I can tell you that Mr. Ballin and Mr. Farese are going to do their job,” said Paul Hagerman, who is prosecuting the case for the District Attorney's office.
RELATED: Sherra Wright, Billy Turner tried to kill Lorenzen more than once, police say
FOX13 has learned the MPD did look into some of Martin's claims in the past. Detectives had the Mississippi lake searched years before, but with no success. When the Multi-Agency Gang Unit took over the case though, the brought in the FBI dive.
They discovered the murder weapon, then tapped Billy and Sherra's cell phones, as well as in-person surveillance.
The investigation has led to both suspects in jail clothes, just like Jimmie Martin.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Two teenagers are facing charges in the shooting death of a Ross High School student on Tuesday, authorities said.
Scroll for more content...
It was the shooting suspect's mother who discovered the body of Austin Hensley, 18, on their couch when they came home.
"There's a kid on my couch," they told dispatchers in a 911 call. "I think he's dead."
Butler County Sheriff Richard Jones said a 17-year-old boy is charged with murder, aggravated robbery and tampering with evidence. Jones said another 17-year-old boy faces a related theft of firearm charge for stealing their father's handgun.
"It is always tragic when life is lost, especially when everyone involved is so young," Jones said.
Jones said Hensley and suspect, both "wannabe gangsters," met to trade guns, but the suspect intended to rob Hensley.
Hensley was shot and killed during the attempted robbery, according to Jones.
"People don't accidentally get shot very often," Jones said. "Not very often. When you have people that are inexperienced, but they think they're tough, they have guns, they bring guns, they think they're gangsters. Usually, somebody dies."
Both suspects and Hensley were Ross High School students, Principal Brian Martin said in a written statement.
Hensley was a junior at the school, Martin said. They said additional support staff were on hand Wednesday for students.
"We loved Austin, and our prayers go our to their friends and family," Martin wrote. "These events are yet another reminder that no community is immune from the scourge of senseless gun violence. We are sure that as the police investigation unfolds, more details will come to light. However, that does not change the fact that a young man has lost their lives and, regardless of the circumstances, that is a tragedy."
Jones said the suspect had been kicked out of school. WCPO news partner the Journal-News reported the 17-year-old has a criminal history dating back to 2016. That includes accusations that they claimed to have a bomb in their locker at school, that they assaulted someone while at the juvenile detention center and that they harassed an inmate at the juvenile detention center.
The shooting happened at the shooting suspect's home at about 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, Jones said. Hensley died from the gunshot wound at 9:40 p.m., according to the coroner's report. Detectives and deputies remained at the house finishing the investigation Wednesday morning.
"He was a really good kid," Hannah Greathouse, who knew Hensley, said. "Really goofy. They were always happy. Literally always happy."
The shooting suspect was booked into the Butler County Juvenile Detention Center shortly after midnight Tuesday. Their pretrial date was set for 1:30 p.m. Feb. 12 before Judge Roman.
WCPO does not identify underage suspects in criminal proceedings involving a minor.
Baby on board!
Actor Boyd Holbrook – best known as DEA agent Steve Murphy on Netflix series Narcos – is expecting a baby with girlfriend Tatiana Pajkovic.
The pair was spotted out and about in Los Angeles recently, with Pajkovic sporting an obvious baby bump.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Pajkovic is a Danish actor who last appeared in 2015 film The Transporter Refueled, while Holbrook has also starred in Logan and will appear in the 2018 reboot of The Predator.
#denmarkgirl forever and ever. A post shared by Robert Holbrook (@robertboydholbrook) on Jul 11, 2017 at 12:14pm PDT
FROM COINAGE: The Most Expensive TV Shows of All Time
Loving life upstate.) A post shared by Robert Holbrook (@robertboydholbrook) on Jun 10, 2017 at 5:50am PDT
Though it's unclear how long Holbrook and Pajkovic have been together, the actor was previously engaged to Elizabeth Olsen. The couple split in fall 2014 after three years together.
Nothing beats a good cuppa and now you can throw the ultimate tea party and raise funds for a very worthy cause.
Host your very own Tea party while at the same time supporting Alzheimer's Tea Day, supported by Medtronic.
The Alzheimer Society of Ireland is the leading dementia-specific service provider in the country.
Alzheimer's Tea is the charity's largest fundraising campaign and is held on the first Thursday in May every year.
Every year, thousands of people host tea parties in their homes, offices and schools, so why not join them and register to host your very own Tea Day?
The money raised provides essential support to the 55,000 people living with dementia in Ireland today.
You can register to host your own Alzheimer's Tea Day here or call 01-2073833.
The UN Security Council will meet in emergency session Wednesday to discuss continuing Palestinian terrorist rocket and mortar attacks against Israel.
The extraordinary meeting has been called by the United States. It comes after Hamas and Islamic Jihad terrorists in Gaza fired at least 70 rockets and mortar shells at Israel over the course of the day Tuesday. Both terror groups claimed joint responsibility for the attacks.
“Mortars fired by Palestinian militants hit civilian infrastructure, including a kindergarten,” U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said in a statement.
“The Security Council should be outraged and respond to this latest bout of violence directed at innocent Israeli civilians, and the Palestinian leadership needs to be held accountable for what they're allowing to happen in Gaza.”
There were no reports of injuries or significant material damage, local government officials said. The shellings appeared to be the largest attack from the Gaza Strip since the 2014 war, known in Israel as Operation Protective Edge.
Lt. Col. Jonathan Conricus is reporting from a civilian home that was hit by a rocket earlier this morning pic.twitter.com/3HsEyAO9ie — IDF (@IDFSpokesperson) May 30, 2018
The United States circulated a draft statement calling on the council to condemn “in the strongest terms the indiscriminate firing of rockets by Palestinian militants in Gaza” toward Israel, according to a copy of the text seen by AFP.
Israel's Ambassador to the United Nations Danny Danon said the planned meeting was a “positive step,” but cautioned council members “must take serious action, and not make do with words.”
They further demanded the council “officially recognize Hamas as a terror group.”
“For weeks we've warned that the violent rioting along the Gaza border—including planting explosives along the fence and live fire at our security forces—were not a s spontaneous protest, but a violent coordinated attack against Israel,” Danon elaborated.
“The dozens of rockets and mortars fired at Israel leave no doubt about the intentions of those who have incited, encouraged and went as far as paying for those ongoing riots.”
The council will hear a report from UN envoy for the Middle East Nickolay Mladenov during the meeting scheduled for 3pm (7pm GMT) Wednesday.
The next meeting of an area astronomy club will feature a guest speaker and also a decision on its newest council members.
The Hamilton Amateur Astronomers meet Friday, Oct. 13 for a general meeting. It takes place from 7:30-9:30 p.m. at the Hamilton Spectator Building, 44 Frid St., Hamilton.
Kevin Salwach will speak about this day in history, covering some of astronomy's notable figures.
Free admission with door prizes and everyone is welcome. An optional donation of non-perishable items for local food banks will be collected in a drop-off box.
May 2 Rbl Bank Ltd
* Says net interest margin for Q4 FY17 was 3.52% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 OSCAR PROPERTIES HOLDING AB
* BUYS THREE PROPERTIES IN SÖDRA VÄRTAN
* BUYS PROPERTIES FROM AFA SJUKFÖRSÄKRING AB Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Posted by admin on February 2, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
THE US president's comment punctures a carefully choreographed display of pomp and camaraderie which welcomed the French president
Published 11:24 PM, April 24, 2018
WASHINGTON, USA – US President Donald Trump pilloried the Iran nuclear deal as "a disaster" and "insane" as they hosted French President Emmanuel Macron in the Oval Office Tuesday, puncturing a carefully choreographed display of pomp and camaraderie.
The US leader groused that the accord – inked three years ago by the United States, Iran, Europe, Russia and China – does nothing to tackle Tehran's ballistic missiles program or support for militant groups across the Middle East.
Macron is in Washington, in part, to convince Trump not to walk away from the deal and scuttle years-worth of hard won diplomatic gains.
Trump faces a May 12 deadline to decide on the fate of the accord. – Rappler.com
'DOLE and POEA should realize that the world does not revolve around their ludicrous and antiquated bureaucratic procedures,' OFW Bertrandt Rodriguez says
Published 8:30 PM, August 14, 2017
The overseas employment certificate (OEC) is a useless piece of junk that has been the bane of every overseas Filipino worker (OFW).
While there are now exemptions, these are only for OFWs who are going back to the same employer and to the same country where they or they were previously deployed.
I hate using the word “deployed” because it sounds like OFWs are pawns sent to war for the country's benefit. Our government uses that word often, and it shows just how skewed and limited their views are on OFWs.
I understand that some of the government procedures that OFWs have to go through are there to protect their interests and welfare. They have been designed to protect OFWs from human trafficking, illegal or dubious recruitment, and unfair labor practices. However, if you look closely, some of these requirements and procedures could be considered excessive.
Let's take for example the following scenario.
Juan, who had just finished their contract working in Singapore, was directly hired to work as a consultant in Europe. If Juan stayed in Singapore to have their work papers processed, they would have just signed and emailed the employment contract together with other requirements. After that, their employer would send them the relevant papers they needed to successfully apply for a visa in Singapore. Once Juan's visa was approved, they could have easily flown to their next job site without an OEC. It's basically a three-step procedure for Juan: sign the contract, apply for a visa, and then fly.
Unfortunately, Juan decided to have a long vacation in the Philippines after their last contract. By doing so, they unwittingly immersed themselves into the bureaucracy of the government.
Juan would be required to get an OEC, and that comes with a lot of requirements: an authenticated employment contract, a medical certificate, and a Pre-Departure Orientation Seminar (PDOS) certificate of attendance. Juan literally has to move from A to Z just to secure those.
Juan's employer would also be required to submit a ton of documents to the Philippine embassy or consulate in the country where they are going to work or to the nearest Philippine Overseas Labor Office (POLO). The requirements include the following:
Signed and notarized employment contract – Is it a necessary requirement? Employment contracts are usually private and confidential, and only the employee and employer should be privy to it. Also, more often than not, employment contracts of highly skilled OFWs working in multinational companies already offer enough protection for the OFW, sometimes even more than what the government requires them to.
An affidavit of undertaking by the employer – Just imagine Tim Cook, the current chief executive officer of Apple Incorporated, being asked to sign a document to make sure that Juan the Consultant is able to make phone calls to their loved ones on a regular basis!
Proof of financial capacity of the employer – The problem is, some companies are not publicly listed and may not disclose such information to any 3rd party. Does the government just assume all employers of OFWs are either landlords or homeowners?
Submitting these documents could even become a logistical nightmare, especially when the Philippines does not have a diplomatic mission in the country where Juan is supposed to go. Just imagine asking Juan's employer to send hard copies of those documents to the Philippine embassy or POLO in another country. Once those documents have been authenticated, they would have to be sent via courier again to the employer before Juan receives their fancy red-ribboned contract. This back-and-forth bureaucracy increases the cost of hiring Juan because Juan has too much bureaucratic baggage in tow.
The Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) and Philippine Overseas Employment Agency (POEA) should devise a way to have those documents authenticated and paid for electronically. It could launch a secure web portal where the employer could upload scanned copies of employment contracts and other relevant documents. Once submitted, DOLE and POEA could electronically check and inspect the documents. And if everything is acceptable, electronically stamp them. The OFW then receives an electronic copy of the authentication notice, which they or they could present to get an OEC. Better yet, the same notice could be sent electronically and recorded directly under the profile of the OFW in the POEA's electronic database or records.
By automating the procedures, the government would not only show that it respects and values the time and efforts of each OFW but also provide any OFW even more reason to hone their IT skills, which is undoubtedly very important today and in the foreseeable future. Moreover, such electronic procedures and transactions would overall trim down the cost, manpower, and time needed to process various transactions.
DOLE and POEA should wake up and realize that the world does not operate in their timeline nor revolve around their ludicrous and antiquated bureaucratic procedures. Many government and public officials have already immersed themselves in so much bureaucracy that they eat and breathe their bureaucratic procedures every day. They fail to think out of the box whenever a special circumstance arises.
Even if Juan already has all the necessary documents (working visa, work permit card, airfare) to fly to and work legally in their next destination, the government would still want them to have their employment contract authenticated, so they could get an OEC – an Overly Excessive Crap! – Rappler.com
Bertrand is an OFW who remains true to their Filipino roots and identity, no matter where they go and resides. They consider themselves a millennial at heart but Gen Xer by blood.  They are an educator by profession and an aspiring writer and business person. They hope to retire as a philanthropist someday. Follow them on their Twitter account.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
There isn't much love for Valentine's Day in certain quarters of Indonesia. As Channel NewsAsia reports, the holiday is routinely denounced as an example of “Western decadence” by “Islamic clerics and some pious Muslims.”
Muslim high-school students in the city of Surabaya staged a protest and chanted “Say no to Valentine,” while the National Muslim Youth Association “urged females to avoid using emoticons and an excessive amount of fragrance in a pre-Valentine's Day message.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“There is a certain pride about this positive action carried out by the students,” beamed the principal of the school in Surabaya, which Channel NewsAsia describes as “run by an Islamic organization.”
Just in case any students do not take positive action on their initiative, the UK Express reports that government officials in Surabaya, which is the second-largest city in the country, ordered the city's schools to ban Valentine's Day celebrations. The provinces of West Java and Aceh have taken similar measures.
According to Reuters, authorities outright banned Valentine's Day celebrations in some parts of Indonesia and Pakistan because it “encouraged casual sex and ran counter to cultural norms.”
In the city of Makassar, police raided stores and pulled condoms off the shelves, having received reports that “the minimarts were selling condoms in an unregulated way.”
Deutsche Welle quotes the mayor of Makassar complaining that condoms were sold “as if they were candy,” and warned shop owners they could lose their licenses if they sell condoms to unmarried people.
There is an alarming political undercurrent to this anti-Valentine's Day push by Indonesian Muslims, as Deutsche Welle explains:
Valentine's Day this year falls a day before the capital, Jakarta, goes to the polls to elect a new governor in a vote widely viewed as a test of the country's religious tolerance. Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, an ethnically Chinese Christian, is running for re-election in a campaign marked by accusations that they insulted the Koran. The claims have led to hardline Islamic protests and a trial for blasphemy. The case has been criticized as unfair and politically motivated. Purnama is going up against two Muslim candidates, and their opponents have repeatedly urged people not to vote for them because they are not a Muslim. Tens of thousands of conservative Muslims have in recent weeks rallied at mosques against Purnama, whose lead in the polls has slipped. If they lose the vote because they are not a Muslim and is jailed for blasphemy, analysts say, it would be a blow to the country's reputation as a pluralist democracy.
Reuters notes that while the highest Islamic clerical council in Indonesia declared a fatwa (religious injunction) against Valentine's Day in 2012 because they deemed the holiday “contradictory to Muslim culture and teachings,” Indonesian law protects religious diversity, and the holiday is still big business in cities like Jakarta.
The Islamic Republic of Pakistan, by contrast, banned public Valentine's celebrations in Islamabad and instructed media not to promote the holiday, to the dismay of florists.
Malia Obama just finished their first year at Harvard and they have stayed under the radar. Here is a glimpse into their epic first-year student year.
In Pictures: Malia Obama's Freshman Year At Harvard was originally published on newsone.com
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Jackson County elementary students are working on a project that could help an injured animal recover, and they're coming up with a pretty high tech solution.
April 13 Genesee & Wyoming Inc:
* Genesee & Wyoming reports traffic for March 2017 and the first quarter of 2017
* G&W's traffic in March 2017 was 290,752 carloads, an increase of 52,455 carloads
* Genesee & Wyoming Inc - G&W's traffic in Q1 of 2017 was 821,248 carloads, an increase of 139,864 carloads, or 20.5%
* Genesee & Wyoming Inc - G&W's traffic in March 2017 was 290,752 carloads, an increase of 52,455 carloads, or 22.0%, compared with March 2016
* G&W's same-railroad traffic in March 2017 was 251,490 carloads, an increase of 13,193 carloads
* Genesee & Wyoming Inc - same-railroad traffic in Q1 of 2017 was 715,656 carloads, an increase of 34,272 carloads, or 5.0%, compared with Q1 of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Labor opposition politician Sam Dastyari has been under heavy scrutiny over their relationship with a wealthy political donor associated with the Chinese Communist Party
Published 9:54 AM, December 12, 2017
SYDNEY, Australia – An Australian senator quit parliament Tuesday, December 12, over their links with China in a scandal that coincided with Canberra proposing new foreign interference laws that have sparked fierce criticism from Beijing.
Labor opposition politician Sam Dastyari, a one-time high-profile powerbroker, has been under heavy scrutiny over their relationship with a wealthy political donor associated with the Chinese Communist Party.
"Today, after much reflection, I have decided that the best service I can render to the federal parliamentary Labor Party is to not return to the Senate in 2018," they said as pressure for them to go grew.
"Reflecting on the events which led to my decision, I leave knowing that I have always honored my parliamentary oath, I have always acted with integrity, and I remain a loyal, patriotic Australian."
It recently emerged that they had told billionaire business person Huang Xiangmo – who has donated to both Labor and the ruling Liberal coalition – that their phone was likely being tapped by spy agencies.
Huang's company last year paid a legal bill for Dastyari.
Reports also said Dastyari had appeared at a media conference alongside Huang, held for Chinese media, where they contradicted Labor's position on the South China Sea issue.
And this week, they were accused of pressuring the party's foreign affairs spokesperson not to meet a Chinese political activist during a visit to Hong Kong in 2015.
On Monday, December 11, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull made clear Dastyari's position was untenable.
"Dastyari has quite plainly been acting in the interests of another government or another power," they told broadcaster ABC.
The scandal came to a head as Canberra announced wide-ranging reforms to espionage and foreign interference legislation.
The new laws followed an inquiry ordered by Turnbull after media revelations that the nation's spy agency had warned the country's political elite two years ago about taking donations from two billionaires with links to China.
The reports said intelligence agencies had major concerns that China was interfering in Australian institutions and using the political donations system to gain access.
Turnbull last week singled out China as a focus of concern, citing "disturbing reports" about Beijing's influence, drawing an angry response and an official protest.
Beijing said Canberra should "immediately stop making wrong remarks" that would undermine trust and cooperation between the two countries, while attacking local media stories about infiltration as fabricated. – Rappler.com
India vs Sri Lanka - Complete Coverage | Full Schedule
After Indian completed a three-match Test series whitewash against Sri Lanka 3-0 with a huge victory in Pallekele, skipper Virat Kohli on Monday heaped praises on 'Man of the Match' Hardik Pandya, saying that it was their innings which changed the mindset of the opposition.
Pandya stood out with the bat in the third and the final Test as they struck a whirlwind 108-run century to guide India to a first-innings total of 487 runs.
Asserting that Pandya's performance has spoken for itself, Kohli said that the former is a great `gun fielder` and extremely handy with both bat and ball, thus bringing a lot of balance to the team.
"I don't think I need to add any more lines, their performance has spoken for itself. People might have problems with the kind of demenour they have or the belief they carry with himself, but we, certainly in the team, have no doubts on that. We let them be who they are, we let them express himself. You know, a guy who can get a fifty and a hundred in their first three games batting at No.8 has to have something special in him. And the innings that they played here, after being 320 for 6, it wasn't just mad slogging," Kohli said following the win.
"He actually used their brain and batted with the tail which I think is a great sign for us. They bring in great balance to the team, he's a gun fielder and they give you those crucial breakthroughs, he's very handy with the ball and we know what they can do with the bat as well. All doubts aside from the outside, inside the team we absolutely have 120% faith in him," they added.
Kohli also couldn't stop themselves gushing over Umesh Yadav and Mohammad Yadav, saying that the duo had done exceedingly well for the Indian team last home season and that it was great to see them replicating the same this time as well.
"Shami and Umesh have done really well in the last home season as well for us, both with the new ball and old ball and that is the reason we backed them in the series. It's great to see both of them still bowling with a lot of heart, still putting in a lot of efforts. In the last Test match as well and even today the way both bowled was great to watch," they said.
"The effort from both of them and you can see the desire to make something happen for the team. Actually the breakthrough of the fast bowlers in the last home season as well was the key for us. So, yes the depth has really helped us to capitalize more situations, in favour of the team and actually end up winning Test matches and series. So that has been the defining factor," the skipper added.
When quizzed if they consider Shami among top three in the world, the 28-year-old admitted that the former has all the ingredients of becoming a consistent world-class bowler.
"I certainly rate them top three for sure. Because of their wicket-taking ability and the kind of impact they have on games. When they make up their mind to come out and give it their 120%, then they can bowl like this - 145, 140 clicks on a regular basis and troubling the batsmen. It is not just reckless bowling," they said.
"So they are a quality bowler, they have all the ingredients of becoming a consistent world-class bowler, provided the fitness factor can be maintained and hopefully they are not hampered with any more injuries.  They are a very valuable bowler for us and when they are on song, it's delightful to watch. We all really enjoy standing on the field and watching them bowl like that.  They are very special," Kohli said.
A superb bowling performance by Ravichandran Ashwin and Shami saw India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs in the third and final match in Pallekele to register their first-ever overseas Test series whitewash.
Resuming at yesterday's score of 19-1, the Indian bowlers pierced through the Sri Lankan batting to bundle them out for 181 in their second innings after the Virat Kohli-led side enforced the follow-on on Day Two.
Niroshan Dickwella (41) was the only player from the Lankan team to have shown some resistance before being dismissed off Umesh Yadav's delivery.
Ashwin was the pick of the bowlers for the visitors, bagging four crucial wickets to add to their first innings figures of two wickets.The off-spinner was well supported by Shami as they removed three Sri Lankan batsmen.
Umesh Yadav scalped two wickets while Kuldeep Yadav, who was playing their first overseas Test, also chipped in with two wickets.
Earlier, Yadav picked a four-wicket haul, while Shami and Ashwin took up two wickets each as Lanka were all-out for 135 runs--which is their lowest total in the first innings against India at home-in reply to India's first innings score of 487.
Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days.
Dr. Mylene Drouin told a news conference today the deaths have been investigated and are linked directly to the heat wave.
Drouin says the victims fit the profile of people authorities describe as at risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
They say there has also been a rise in the number of calls to ambulance services in recent days and that the city wants to avoid what happened in 2010, when intense heat claimed 106 lives.
In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal, four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat. Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning.
The oppressive weather has enveloped much of Central and Eastern Canada since the Canada Day long weekend.
Environment Canada says humidex readings were to be in the 40 Celsius range today from southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region.
The weather agency says a "very warm and humid air mass" has settled over the Maritimes and above normal temperatures and humid conditions will stick around into Thursday. Maritime temperatures are expected to return to seasonal normals for the weekend.
A hot and humid air mass is also entrenched over southern Quebec, with Tuesday's highs expected to be in the low 30s with a humidex reading between 35 and 40 C, also through Thursday.
Southern Quebec was rocked by violent storms on Monday, leaving thousands of homes and businesses without electricity, or air conditioning. Most of the outages were in the Outaouais region of western Quebec in addition to areas north and northeast of Montreal.
[India], Jul 4 (ANI): A Pune Court on Wednesday extended the judicial custody of all the five accused in Maharashtra's Bhima-Koregaon violence case till August 2, 2018.
The court has also directed to produce all the accused before it on next date of hearing.
Earlier all the accused, arrested for allegedly inciting violence were in police custody.
For those unversed, the 200th anniversary of the Bhima-Koregaon battle took a violent turn when a youth died in clashes that broke out during an event to mark the day in January.
The violence also left several injured, including 10 police officers. Subsequently, the four accused - Sudhir Dhawale, Rona Jacob Wilson, Shoma Sen and Mahesh Raut - apart from Gadling, were arrested by the Pune police on June 6 from Mumbai, Nagpur, and Delhi. According to the Pune Police, Naxal links emerged during the interrogation of the accused in the case. (ANI)
Scroll for more content...
As President Donald Trump prepares for a rollout of a nominee who could solidify the rightward tilt of the Supreme Court for decades to come, judicial conservatives are maneuvering, largely behind the scenes, to ensure that the President gets it right.
The stakes are high, as a Supreme Court seat is a lifetime appointment and conservatives want to make sure the candidate will be a reliable vote.
In a ritual repeated with every Supreme Court vacancy, interest groups and those supporting potential picks are working to boost their favored candidate's chances and jockey for the best position. The President has made clear that they will select a nominee next Monday from a list drawn up with the blessing of the conservative Federalist Society.
It is unclear if the campaign, little of it in the public's eye, will influence the White House, which is keeping its search process largely under wraps.
Many conservatives have been delighted with Trump's first pick, Neil Gorsuch, and are looking for a similar candidate who will be what they consider a reliable vote on the court. Trump called the Gorsuch choice a "homerun" in a Tuesday night speech.
The President has already interviewed several candidates from their list, including Judges Brett Kavanaugh, Raymond Kethledge, Amy Coney Barrett, and Amul Thapar, according to sources. Other sources say that Judges Joan Larsen and Thomas Hardiman are also in play.
Boosters of other candidates are turning their attention to Kavanaugh, a former clerk of Justice Anthony Kennedy's, who sits on the United States Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit and has appeared to be an early front runner. Kavanaugh has a long paper trail of some 300 opinions.
Some social conservatives — while refusing to go on the record — criticized two of those opinions, one dealing with the Affordable Care Act and a second about an undocumented pregnant teen who sought an abortion.
In 2011, Kavanaugh's court ruled in favor of the Affordable Care Act. While Kavanaugh dissented from that ruling, they also said that they would have ruled that the court did not have jurisdiction to hear the case because of a longstanding federal statute that limits the jurisdiction of federal courts to hear tax-related matters.
Critics of Kavanaugh say they should have voted straight out to invalidate the controversial statute.
"On the whole there is a lot in Judge Kavanaugh's record to admire. This opinion, however may be an outlier because they showed too much of a hesitancy to critically interpret the law Congress actually wrote," said Josh Blackman, a law professor at the South Texas College of Law in Houston and the author of Unprecedented: The Constitutional Challenge to Obamacare.
Pointing to that opinion, one judicial conservative who declined to go on the record said "there is a rising doubt about the steadfastness of their views and their commitment to originalism and constitutionalism. "
More recently, the DC Circuit ruled in favor of the undocumented, pregnant teen who sought an abortion. Kavanaugh also dissented from that ruling, but a source who opposes abortion rights who was only willing to speak on background, said concerns have been expressed privately to the White House that Kavanaugh's dissent should have gone farther.
Supporters of Kavanaugh dismiss the attacks and note that they have impeccable credentials, having served in the Bush administration and then as a judge on one of the most important appellate courts in the country. They point to the vast number of opinions they have issued that offer a window into their jurisprudence.
Those include conservative votes in areas concerning presidential authority, the Second Amendment and religious liberty.
David Lat, an influential blogger at Above the Law believes the attacks on Kavanaugh are unfounded, but they said in a recent post that they "reflect the reality" that their service in the George W. Bush Administration and their trail of rulings means there is "more ammunition that can be fired at him."
Still, a senior GOP aide familiar with Supreme Court discussions said on Tuesday that Sen. Rand Paul's office has expressed concerns to the White House on Kavanaugh's Obamacare dissent as well as a 2015 opinion about the government's bulk meta data collection program. The source said that Paul spoke by phone on Monday with the President. GOP and White House sources also say that Sen. Ted Cruz expressed concerns about Kavanaugh to the White House.
A source who opposes abortion rights, who was only willing to speak on background, is pushing for Barrett over Kavanaugh. Judge Barrett drew attention in their own recent confirmation hearings when they were grilled by Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein about some of their academic work on religion.
Above the Law's Lat wrote that "the strategy of painting Barrett as some sort of religious zealot, based on their Catholic faith and their teaching at a Catholic institution backfired" for Feinstein and the Democrats.
Publicly, groups like the National Right To Life, have not come forward to support one candidate over another.
Others have suggested that Barrett might be an ideal candidate for the Supreme Court, but like Larsen and Thapar, they might benefit from more time on the bench.
Kavanaugh actually clerked with Gorsuch back in 1993. Although Gorsuch had been hired by Justice Byron White, White had retired and Gorsuch was assigned to help Kennedy's chambers where Kavanaugh was a clerk.
Multiple sources say Kavanaugh is a long time favorite of White House Counsel Don McGahn It was Kavanaugh who swore in McGahn when they became a commission of the Federal Election Commission in 2008.
The two men also share a disdain for the so-called "administrative state" and believe courts should not show too much deference to federal agencies.
Kethledge, another former clerk of Justice Kennedy, has shared similar concerns. They received the support of conservative commentator Hugh Hewitt in the Washington Post this week.
"The search for Gorsuch 2.0 is underway in the White House," Hewitt wrote and called Kethledge "just like Neil Gorsuch" for their adherence to a judicial philosophy championed by Justice Antonin Scalia called originalism.
Other candidates including former Scalia clerk Joan Larsen and Sen. Mitch McConnell favorite, Amul Thapar are still very much in play. And another, Hardiman, who was a Trump favorite for the Scalia seat has gotten less attention this round, but sources say they should not be discounted.
President Donald Trump is hosting French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit this week. The two leaders are holding a news conference ahead of Tuesday night's state dinner.
This press conference starts at 11:45 a.m. ET, Tuesday.
Watch their remarks live.
The open-air Rock for People festival started on Wednesday at the former military airfield near Hradec Králové. Among the headliners this year is British to band The Prodigy, who play on Thursday evening.
Now in its 24th year, Rock for People is among the biggest music festivals in the Czech Republic with scores of acts performing. It wraps up on Saturday.
Some of Time's Up the most prominent leaders are responding to Thandie Newton after the Westworld star accused the movement of not wanting them participation.
The actor, 45, who has previously spoken out about being sexually assaulted by a casting director, recently told The Telegraph it was “very painful” not allegedly not being asked to join the movement.
“I have been an activist for 20 years. It's been a long time coming,” said Newton. “I certainly agitated for it to happen sooner, but no one was interested and people thought I was a bummer. Even my publicist told me to stop talking about it because it was bad for my reputation.
“When Time's Up was put together, to not be invited to be a part of it, was very, very painful,” they continued. “It's hard for me, as someone who has been talking about it for a long time … it's lonely.”
On Monday, Jessica Chastain, one of the movement's most high-profile leaders, responded online to Asia Argento, who tweeted an article about Newton's comments.
“I have felt so bad that some feel excluded,” they wrote in reply to Argento. “I was never asked to join anything, I just came forward to see how I could be of service. No one is unwelcome. The more women that come together, standing shoulder to shoulder, the stronger we are.”
They added, “You, and so many others, were so brave to speak up & start this movement. It is my goal to make sure it will never be in vain. I will always support you and what you did.”
I have felt so bad that some feel excluded. I was never asked to join anything, I just came forward to see how I could be of service. No one is unwelcome. The more women that come together, standing shoulder to shoulder, the stronger we are. — Jessica Chastain (@jes_chastain) April 23, 2018
Amber Tamblyn, a Time's Up supporter who has spoken out against sexual harassment and abuse in Hollywood, replied to Chastain, writing, “100% what Jessica said. None of us needed an invitation to do the work. We just did the work. Period. This is such a disheartening dialogue to be having with fellow women. Such a shame.”
100% what Jessica said. None of us needed an invitation to do the work. We just did the work. Period. This is such a disheartening dialogue to be having with fellow women. Such a shame. — Amber Tamblyn (@ambertamblyn) April 24, 2018
Chastain also responded directly to Argento, saying, “I invited you to the first meeting at my house Nov 27th but unfortunately you were out of town. It wasn't called #TimesUp cuz we didn't have a name. It was just a group of actores coming together to see how we could support the brave women coming forward & create lasting change.”
Argento replied, “You've been so kind and supportive not only to me, but to a lot of survivors. But when you invited me to your house you said it was just a lunch with actores, not that you guys were starting a movement.”
I invited you to the first meeting at my house Nov 27th but unfortunately you were out of town. It wasn't called #TimesUp cuz we didn't have a name. It was just a group of actores coming together to see how we could support the brave women coming forward & create lasting change — Jessica Chastain (@jes_chastain) April 23, 2018
Argento has accused disgraced mogul Harvey Weinstein of sexual assault.
The Time's Up movement, which launched in January to help fight systemic sexual harassment in Hollywood and beyond, has raised over $13 million for a legal defense fund — mostly thanks to generous donations by some of the biggest names in the industry.
“Anyone and everyone is welcome to join the movement. And it's not just Hollywood, it's for every woman in every Industry,” a source close to Time's Up tells PEOPLE.
Over 300 prominent actores and female agents, writers, directors, producers and entertainment executives signed an impassioned open letter that officially announced the movement on New Year's Day.
(L-R) Jessica Chastain, Thandie Newton and Amber Tamblyn. Kevork Djansezian/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty; John Lamparski/WireImage; Andrew Toth/Getty Images
The open letter noted that the group is leaderless and rather works collectively to help work toward a solution. Time's Up initiatives include the legal defense fund to help less privileged women, a mission to reach gender parity at studios and talent agencies and legislation to penalize companies that tolerate harassment.
Time's Up began meeting in early October after a wave of allegations was spurred by a slew of stories alleging sexual misconduct by Weinstein.
A spokesperson for Weinstein previously told PEOPLE in a statement that “any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein. Mr. Weinstein has further confirmed that there were never any acts of retaliation against any women for refusing their advances.”
Colleagues and Fellow Veterans,
I've sent this note out every year for the past 15+ years and do so again because it is timeless. Perhaps it is my advanced years (sic) but every year I am struck by the fact that many folks may not appreciate the significance of this particular holiday – or perhaps are not old enough to have lived through these times. Please take a minute to read this over and pass it on if you like. I'm sending it out today as many folks may be taking tomorrow off.
As we prepare to take off for a long weekend, it might be appropriate to take just a moment to think about why we aren't coming to work Monday … Martin Luther King Day – for their commitment to equal rights, non-violence, and social change. The inspiration of Dr. King and the civil rights movement led our nation and the Federal government to a new standard of equality and inclusion, which was Dr. King's purpose. They wanted to challenge our country to be a better place, where every person is valued and respected.
Dr. King challenged us to overcome oppression and violence. They urged us to reject revenge, aggression, and retaliation. Their vision that “no individual be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character,” set in motion changes that led to the passage of civil rights and voting laws. In honor and respect for their contribution to the improvement of our national attitudes, policies, and laws, the Federal government celebrates Dr. King.
Over the years, there has been some speculation on what Dr. King could have accomplished if their life had not been so tragically cut short. They were only 28 years old when they were elected the first President of the Southern Christian Leadership Council. They had already graduated from college at 19 and graduated from Divinity school at 22. By the time Dr. King was 29, they had published their first book, “Stride Toward Freedom.” In 1964, they gave their famous “I Have A Dream” speech to 250,000 people who marched on Washington in support of pending civil rights legislation. In the same year, they were successful in getting the legislation passed and they won the Nobel Peace Prize. A lot of accomplishments for a man who was only 35 years old.
Dr. Martin Luther King believed in our country and its potential for greatness. They also believed that each one of us is essential to achieving its full potential. Although Dr. King's primary efforts focused on equality for African-Americans, their ultimate goal was the equality and inclusion of every individual. As Dr. King said “There is nothing more dangerous than to build a society, with a large segment of people in that society who feel that they have no stake in it; who feel that they have nothing to lose. People who have a stake in their society protect that society. But when they don't have it, they unconsciously want to destroy it.”
This weekend gives us all another opportunity to reaffirm and reflect on our appreciation for the uniqueness that each individual brings to the work place. Have a good and safe long weekend with friends and family. It is my honor to work with all of you.
Curt
Mia Telecoms offers enterprise cloud telephony
In May, MIA Telecoms will launch a new enterprise cloud telephony solution: iServ UC, The Business Cloud.
The release combines three major international brands: Centile Telecom Applications; Epygi Technologies; and Cisco.
The offering will simplify voice and unified communications to the channel and make voice technology easily accessible to all businesses, and tailored to each worker's style enabling any UC, any terminal, from anywhere.
Provisioning is simple, from the gateways to the handset devices, which makes deployment quick and easy through a plug-and-play operation.
iServ UC, The Business Cloud incorporates Centile's carrier voice and unified communications platform. Epygi gateways will enable local PSTN integration to provide site survivability, and the overall solution will be promoted with Cisco handsets.
MIA Telecoms will supply Cisco handsets under the Multiplatform Phones Programme (MPP).
Historically, handsets have been a barrier to entry for most companies and often accounts for the largest part of the telecoms investment, which is why the Cisco IP device element is such an important part of iServ UC, The Business Cloud.
Under the MPP agreement with Cisco, MIA Telecoms will be able to sell Cisco handsets at competitive rates.
All solution elements have been subjected to rigorous testing and certification to guarantee interoperability and support quick and easy provisioning.
Bryan Driessel, MD of MIA Telecoms, comments: “With Cisco's high-quality products, the top functionality of the carrier voice and unified communication platform powered by Centile, and Epygi's reliable and secure PSTN lines, our offering will be unrivalled in South Africa.”
By partnering with MIA Telecoms, resellers will receive marketing support, full sales and technical training and guidance throughout the process. Resellers will also receive the opportunity to enter the market and make money quickly with quick-to-market incentives.
Scattered showers and thunderstorms are expected this afternoon. A few may be strong to severe. - Eric
There are more than 54,000 bridges in the United States that need to be repaired or replaced. That's good news — relatively speaking — because a year ago, the number was more than 55,000.
The latest figure comes from a report by the American Road and Transportation Builders Association, a group that advocates for strong investment in transportation infrastructure.
Using data from the Federal Highway Administration, the group releases an annual Deficient Bridge Report.
This year's report, looking at data from 2017, found:
There are 612,677 bridges in the United States.
in the United States. Of them, 54,259 are “structurally deficient, ” which means they have at least one key structural element in poor condition.
” which means they have at least one key structural element in poor condition. That's almost 9% of all US bridges , and the figure includes famous ones like the Arlington Memorial Bridge and the Brooklyn Bridge.
, and the figure includes famous ones like the Arlington Memorial Bridge and the Brooklyn Bridge. Americans cross these structurally deficient bridges 174 million times each day.
The report found that the largest number of defective bridges are in:
Iowa
Pennsylvania
Oklahoma
Missouri
States with the smallest number of structurally deficient bridges are:
Hawaii
Delaware
Nevada
What it means to be structurally deficient
Bridges are regularly rated for safety on a scale of 0 to 9, with 9 meaning “excellent.” In order to be considered structurally deficient, one of its major components must measure 4 or below.
Being structurally deficient does not necessarily mean that the bridge is unsafe, but it does mean it's in need of repair.
Repairing the deficiencies is critical. Deteriorating bridges can lead to road closures, which means there's limited access for cargo trucks.
Traffic bottlenecks cost the trucking industry alone $60 billion a year in lost productivity and fuel, said Alison Black, chief economist with American Road and Transportation Builders Association, which “increases the cost of everything we make, buy or export.”
The journey to repairing
Although the number of structurally deficient bridges decreased this year, it's only down two-tenths of a percent from the previous year.
That's not a huge improvement.
Because there are so many bridges in the United States, repairing or replacing all of them would take 37 years at the current pace.
“There is improvement,” said Black, “but a lot of work to be done.”
President Trump has said they plan to invest $1 trillion in repairing and upgrading America's infrastructure.
But because details of their plans aren't finalized yet, it's unclear how much will go toward these deficient bridges.
Keith Doucette, THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- Nova Scotia's family doctors are getting a pay boost -- including a one-time, $150 bonus for every new patient they take on who was previously without a doctor.
Premier Stephen McNeil announced nearly $40 million in funding for family doctors Monday, including $13.9 million for hikes for physicians paid through fee-for-service or through a salary.
The Health Department estimates physicians could take home an extra $10,000 to $20,000 a year due to an increase in the office fee alone.
"We have a focused investment in family medicine, which is a first critical step in solving the challenges facing Nova Scotia's primary health system," said Dr. Tim Holland, president-elect of Doctors Nova Scotia.
Of the money announced Monday -- one day ahead of Tuesday's provincial budget -- $18.2 million is part of the $240 million, end-of-year spending spree announced last week.
Under the plan, charges for visits by patients under age 65 will jump for the current rate of $31.72 to $36. The rate for seniors increases to $44.54 from $40.26.
Holland said the funding would help with doctor recruitment and retention efforts as well as encouraging better ways to practise family medicine.
"This isn't just about putting more dollars in the pockets of family doctors. This allows family doctors to practice the way they want to ... and it effectively leverages technology to increase capacity within our system."
Holland said the changes would help address a pay gap with other physicians in the Atlantic region.
On average, the pay for Nova Scotia's physicians is currently the lowest in the country.
According to the Canadian Institute for Health Information "the average gross clinical payment per physician (family doctors and specialists) ranged from $262,000 in Nova Scotia to $380,000 in Alberta," in 2015-16. Doctors Nova Scotia provided provincial MSI data indicating gross family physician compensation is approximately $254,000.
"It will bring us much closer to our regional colleagues in New Brunswick and P.E.I.," Holland said. "It won't bring us right up to them but it's going to really close that gap and that will allow us to push forward on a lot of the other things that will attract physicians to Nova Scotia."
The announcement also includes $6.6 million to encourage family doctors to develop an up-to-date patient list, a $4.2 million e-health pilot project incentive, and $8.5 million to support doctors using electronic medical records.
It also includes $6.4 million to encourage doctors to accept patients from the provincial wait list, which currently stands at 44,000.
The plan will see a $150 bonus "for each patient a family doctor takes off the list, or who is referred from an emergency department, or without a family doctor due to doctor retirements or relocation," the province said.
Dr. Heather Johnson, a family physician in a group collaborative practice with three other physicians in Bridgewater, said the money will make a difference in patient care and access.
Johnson said the use of more telephone and electronic health services will mean less of a need to see patients in person who have travel problems, who are managing chronic conditions, or who are frail and elderly.
"I will be able to allow technology to facilitate their care more easily. It will be easier for my patients and then hopefully free up some time that will allow other patients who need to see me face-to-face, easier access."
McNeil said the patient incentive, the enrolment incentive, and part of the electronic medical records initiative ($5.2 million) are one-time incentives set out in a trust announced last week.
"This will give us a chance to assess these (incentives)," they said. "The issues around the investments we are making in terms of the fee-for-service changes or the issues in terms of some of the other direct investments, they are ongoing and part of our fiscal plan."
As part of that ongoing commitment, McNeil said, an additional $1.5 million is earmarked for medical records in 2018-19 and $1.8 million in 2019-20.
March 31 Fastforward Innovations Ltd:
* Stephen Dattels, co-chairperson of company, has resigned from their role with company with immediate effect
* Jim mellon, current co-chairperson, will assume role of chairperson Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
When a home heating oil tank leaks, costs can add up quickly.
Depending on the size of the spill, everything from hiring contractors to buying cleanup supplies and even calling the state to report the spill — gets billed.
Alaska's lawmakers are considering a bill to help with those costs.
In 2010, Fabienne Peter-Contesse's family found a cork-sized hole in the bottom of their underground heating oil tank in Juneau.
Peter-Contesse told a House Resources committee last month that as soon as they discovered the leak, the family immediately called the state's Department of Environmental Conservation for help.
A spill expert came out, gave them some advice on what to do and the family started the cleanup.
“So we went out, spent a lot of money on a lot of booms,” Peter-Contesse said. “A lot of absorbent pads … sloshing through our property. Disposing of the free product and pads, etc. in an environmentally responsible way.”
It wasn't cheap.
“We've spent tens of thousands of dollars on this effort. Cleanup, hiring the contractor. We've spent several thousand dollars on soil testing. And, none of this is covered by homeowners insurance,” Peter-Contesse said. “So that is all out of pocket.”
Peter-Contesse said that DEC's staff has been a great resource for technical support and answering questions.
But then, in 2017, the family got their first bill from the state.
“And as you can imagine, the blood pressure shot through the roof,” they said.
They didn't want to keep paying that bill — in addition to all of the other other ones — so, the family stopped talking to state spill response staff.
State Spill Prevention and Response Director Kristin Ryan said, that's a common response.
“We have had several situations where a homeowner is talking to us, everything is going well. Then, several weeks later they get our bill — which is an automated process — and all of the sudden, they don't return our phone calls. They won't let us on their property. They don't want to talk to us, because they don't want another bill,” Ryan said.
Right now, staff at the Department of Environmental Conservation are required by law to recover their costs when they consult on spills. On average, getting technical support from employees in the state's Division of Spill Prevention and Response can cost between $100-$150 an hour.
But, Ryan said, they don't think that when the statutes were written — lawmakers were considering individual homeowners and heating oil leaks.
“They were thinking about Exxon. They were thinking about BP. They were thinking about big companies that are making money off of oil. And they didn't think the state should have any expenses associated with that industry,” Ryan said.
Right now, there are about 150 homes that have heating oil spills that the state is consulting on.
The bill is pretty narrowly defined to cover just spills from equipment or fuel that is used solely to provide space heat or electric power for residential homes.
It wouldn't take away any of the cleanup costs — which is typically the bulk of the cost in a situation where heating oil is spilled. But, it would allow the state to provide, essentially free “tech support” when something does go wrong.
Ryan says spill response experts do everything from help homeowners draft bids for contractors to show them where to buy supplies to cleanup the spills themselves.
“Or go out with a meter that helps them see if the vapors are strong enough in the house that perhaps they should move or leave while they're doing cleanup, things that are — to us — are really important to do,” Ryan said. “We'd like to do it without burdening them with a bill.”
If the bill passes, Ryan's department estimates that it'll lose about $60,000 a year in revenue.
Ryan said she's confident the state can absorb that cost — especially if it entices homeowners into reporting spills and getting help to clean them up.
It's that time of year again, time to roll out one of the most iconic videos to ever grace the RTE news.
There's nothing funnier than this classic Man Falling On Ice clip, which is played every time there's a dusting of snow or a sliver of ice on the roads.
But now we have a contender for this year's best Man Falling On Ice clip, courtesy of our very own Producer Lenny.
Poor aul Lenny was simply trying to help a child to ice skate when they ended up flat on their arse instead.
This has made @MuireannO_C Monday! She's been in tears 😂👌🏼
This is @MarkLennyskillz trying to help a child ice skating and ending up on their arse!
He's our new Man Slips On Ice 🙌🏼❄️ ⛸ #LenSlipsOnIce #HisFace pic.twitter.com/VIBkl66HsQ — Today FM (@TodayFM) December 11, 2017
The look of total devastation is what makes this so good.
Classic stuff 😂
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) — Turkey Creek will be hosting a job fair in October.
The shopping center's job fair will have representatives from many stores looking to hire. There are more than 200 stores, shops, restaurants and more at the center.
Store participating in the job fair include Belk, Buttermilk Sky Pie, Regal Cinemas, Calhoun's and more.
Applicants should bring resumes to the event.
The job fair will be Oct. 17 from 4 to 7 p.m.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services announced a 21 percent drop in the number of young DACA illegal aliens who applied for protection from deportation by the October 5 deadline.
Officials expected 154,000 applications for the two-year renewals. But only 122,000 applications had been received by the deadline. The final numbers won't be available until late next week at the earliest, according to USCIS.
advertisement
Under former President Barack Obama's 2012 DACA amnesty, almost 800,000 illegal aliens applied and were allowed to remain in the United States. They were also given two-year work permits. However, many have dropped out of the amnesty program, leaving roughly 690,000 were enrolled in September.
The October 5 date was the last chance for existing beneficiaries to renew their two-year permits. The DACA permits will start expiring in March 2018, and all will expire by March 2020.
USCIS did not explain the 21 percent drop, but federal officials promised to implement a more rigorous security check than allowed by Obama's deputies.
A former manager of the agency's investigative unit, Matt O'Brien, said in September that the fraud rate for DACA could be “40 to 50 percent.”
“Based on what I had seen and what I discussed with my colleagues, the fraud rate is 40 to 50 percent,” O'Brien said in an interview with LifeZette.
The declining number of DACA applications will impact the Democratic Party's effort to push their huge Dream Act amnesty to President Donald Trump's desk before March 5, when the first DACA permits expire. The Dream Act could provide an amnesty to 3.3 million people, far more than the 800,000 who enrolled in the DACA amnesty.
Meanwhile, CNN has reported that Democrats “are raising alarms” that so few of the eligible DACA illegal aliens are reapplying for the program.
“We are very concerned that because DACA recipients were not individually notified of their eligibility for renewal, tens of thousands of DACA recipients could lose their work authorization and DACA status protections,” Congressional Hispanic Caucus leaders wrote in a letter to acting DHS Secretary Elaine Duke on Tuesday repeating its request to talk about extending the deadline.
Lawton firefighters suspect arson to be the cause of a house fire at 1407 SW J around 4:30 a.m. Thursday.
Police Officer Brandon Newhouse reported that Assistant Fire Marshal Michael Wright said the house did not have any utility service that could have started the fire, which indicates the fire was "mostly likely" set.
Thursday morning's house fire was the third fire in city limits within a week that the fire marshal's office has suspected to be arson and continues to investigate as such.
The other two fires were on Wednesday and on Jan. 26.
Wednesday's fire broke out around 1:20 a.m. in a vacant mobile home, 2318 SW G, and authorities speculate that a squatter initiated it, Officer Tina Bendele reported.
The fire on Jan. 26 burned a field near Southwest 82nd Street and Coombs Road. The fire was described as half the size of football field.
ROCK SPRINGS — The Broadway Theater is accepting applications for their fall 2018 internship/scholarship program for students interested in the performing arts, theater operations, marketing and similar programs. The scholarship is open to upcoming high school seniors or students enrolled at Western Wyoming Community College with a September 1, 2018 start date for the fall semester.
The successful candidate will work at the Broadway Theater in all aspects of operations – marketing, maintenance, schedule coordination, event planning & set-up, lighting and sound, grant research & writing, and performer contracts. The successful candidate will also meet specific goals as outlined in the application process; he/she will be evaluated and coached extensively throughout the term.
The program is being funded by the Sweetwater Board of Cooperative Education (SBOCES). According to Dr. Bernadine Craft, SBOCES Executive Director, they are excited about funding this upcoming program for students in Sweetwater County, as opposed to merely providing performance support.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
“This enhanced program will give students hands-on experience with all aspects of the theater and performing arts, as well as grant writing and business management skills, reinforcing their classroom studies,” Dr. Craft added. It is hoped that the program will prove to be of greater practical benefit to students than sporadic master class opportunities.
One of the goals of SBOCES is to support cooperative efforts to improve career/technical education in Sweetwater County. The successful candidate will apply classroom experience and interest to a real-world setting, acting as a theater coordinator to assist with all areas of theater operations. Ultimately the successful candidate will leave the program with enhanced career and technical skills and a better understanding of potential jobs in the field.
Students interested in applying for the scholarship/internship can download an application from the Broadway Theater's website at BroadwayRS.com or by calling 307-352-1434.
BEIJING, March 28 The inaugural flight of a new charter service from North Korea's capital to the northeastern Chinese city of Dandong landed on Tuesday, the official Xinhua news agency said.
The launch comes amid ongoing tensions on the Korean peninsula over the hermit state's missile and nuclear tests, which it says are in response to joint drills between the United States and South Korean military.
The twice-weekly flight by Air Koryo, the North's national carrier, will connect Pyongyang with the "booming" border town of Dandong that is "mainly engaged in border trade with the DPRK", Xinhua said, using the official name for North Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Air Koryo flies to only a handful of destinations and already offers regular flights to Beijing and northern China's Shenyang city.
Traders in Dandong have complained in recent months of a slump in business as Beijing seemed to become increasing willing to tightening cross-border trade in response to Pyongyang's missile tests.
On the political front, China has called for a "dual suspension" in which North Korea halts nuclear tests and the United States halts joint drills with South Korea.
China and the United State agreed to work together using both sanctions and diplomacy to persuade North Korea to divert from their nuclear ambitions during U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's visit two weeks ago. (Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Nick Macfie)
The Communist Party of China (CPC) is boasting of over 100 smartphone applications designed to allow senior party members to more accurately track their underlings' loyalty, based in part on how much communist propaganda the individual consumes on the app.
The Chinese state newspaper Global Times notes that these apps “place additional pressure on members to properly and timely show their loyalty and enthusiasm for the Party.” Party members can be reprimanded if their superior notices they have not been interacting with other party members, reading speeches by president Xi Jinping, or taking online communism classes often enough through the app. The article notes that those who excel and indoctrinate themselves with the apps may be eligible for prizes such as pens and notebooks.
advertisement
The apps offer a variety of indoctrination media aside from Xi's speeches, according to the Global Times—among these quizzes to hone knowledge of Maoist thought and broader classes on communist philosophy with required homework.
“The apps not only provide online classes to learn Party doctrines, but also enable users to pay their CPC membership fees or socialize with each other,” the Times adds. “More importantly, the apps will help the CPC evaluate the performance of their nearly 90 million members in a visible, traceable and interactive manner.”
The article provides a number of reasons for there being so many apps, including the use of separate apps for different regional Communist Party structures, different features—like paying Communist Party dues—and different developers. They are all being organized under an umbrella project called “China's Good Party Member.”
The Chinese government has taken significant technological liberties in the quest to promote communism. Last year, Beijing banned anonymous use of the internet, as well as the publication of any statements that offend “national honor” or suggest an overthrow of the “socialist system.” That law built upon a ban on the publication of blogs or internet comments anonymously passed in 2015.
The CPC regulation apps are part of a greater party organization overhaul in anticipation of the CPC National Congress, beginning October 18. The event, which typically occurs every five years, will give the party an opportunity to elect, re-elect, and promote leaders within the CPC. Local officials told the Global Times in a separate article that they have already been using technology to communicate regarding recommendations for appointments and recruitment of candidates.
“We solicited the opinions of 130 Party members outside the area via telephone and WeChat, an instant messaging service. We visited the homes of elderly members, taking recommendation forms and explaining the policy face to face,” local official Yan Weiping said. Without meeting personally with officials, getting on a CPC ballot is nearly impossible.
In July, communist officials told the Global Times they had organized historical indoctrination tours to generate enthusiasm for the Party Congress. That month, “more than 760 Party members from the State-owned China Construction First Building Corporation Limited took a tour to trace the Party's footprints from its birth to today.” The tour reportedly took 50 days and included “Chairman Mao's hometown of Shaoshan, Hunan Province and even Moscow.”
The Chinese state outlet Xinhua states in a report published Friday that the CPC Congress will seek to promote China as “champion of the open world economy” against “protectionism and isolation,” as well as promote a climate change agenda and combat a “Cold War mentality.” Delegates are also expected to vote on amendments to the CPC constitution which would “promote the development of socialism with Chinese characteristics and Party building,” according to Xinhua.
President Xi Jinping's term as head of the party concludes in 2022, but the South China Morning Post contends that it may become clear already at this Congress that they will seek another term as head of the party, given the lack of obvious successors. Those who support extending Xi's term, the newspaper argues, claim “that China is at a critical juncture and needs a strong leader with a long-term strategic vision.”
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.
May 2 Mcgrath Rentcorp
* Mcgrath Rentcorp announces results for first quarter 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $0.33
* Q1 revenue $94.8 million versus I/B/E/S view $95.3 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.28 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Mcgrath Rentcorp -Company reconfirms its expectation that total company operating profit for 2017 will increase 3% to 5% above 2016 results Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
"We've talked a bit, getting to know each other, but there's a limit how much you can meet and talk," Manning said.
"I am excited to start learning the offence and the playbook and how Pat will use our skillsets. He's got a combination of Norv Turner, Andy Reid and Chip Kelly in there from the places he's been.
"There's definitely an adjustment, but if you've played the game long enough, there are only so many new plays you can put in."
Manning smiled when they said that, knowing Shurmur isn't about to design a Russell Wilson/Cam Newton type of offence for him.
There's been much speculation that Manning could be traded and the Giants would use the second overall pick in April on one of the highly rated quarterbacks in this draft. The choice of Shurmur and ownership's devotion to Manning seems to have made Manning's departure unlikely.
Asked if he'd encourage new general manager Dave Gettleman to take an offensive lineman to offer the kind of protection they don't get often enough, Manning laughed and replied, "I won't complain."
They certainly won't complain about getting back their prime target, Odell Beckham Jr. The spectacular receiver was lost in early October to a broken ankle. Beckham is enough of a difference maker that New York might have had a few more victories had they been available all season.
"He's a tremendous player, and when they get back and is healthy, they impact games," Manning said. "It's tough when guys you work with all spring and summer and you lose them and have all new guys. Odell, Brandon (Marshall), Sterling (Shepard)."
Manning spent part of the day welcoming visitors to a Courtyard by Marriott experience whose contest winners will spend Saturday night sleeping in a luxury suite at U.S. Bank Stadium.
They joked that they can't ever remember sleeping in a stadium, but that waking up the morning of the Super Bowl at the venue would be "pretty neat to do."
Then they wondered just how quiet the stadium would be on Super Bowl eve.
"You're right there in the dome and get to see all the behind-the-scenes stuff," they said. "Then you wake up on Super Bowl Sunday right there. Has to be a wonderful experience."
Considering they are 2-0 in the big game, Manning knows about wonderful Super Bowl experiences.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Barry Wilner, The Associated Press
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shinyoung HappyTomorrow No.2 Special Purpose Acquisition Co :
* Says change of CEO to Park Won Hui from Park Geun Yong, effective Feb. 2
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/ZePfYk
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
NEW YORK/HOUSTON, April 12 Surging West Texas oil production has pushed the value of the region's spot crude to its lowest discount to the U.S. oil benchmark in nearly two years, as an exuberant shale industry pumps more to take advantage of higher prices and demand from refiners who have seen supplies cut by top global producers.
OPEC and non-OPEC suppliers are working toward cuts of 1.8 million barrels per day, around 2 percent of the 92 million bpd global market, as they try to bring down record oil inventories and raise prices.
But supply cuts by exporters worldwide have given an incentive and opportunity to U.S. shale producers to do the opposite. They have sent rigs back into the field and are working to boost output after more than a two-year industry recession.
The Permian Basin is the biggest U.S. oil field and the most prized U.S. locale for shale activity because of its strong reserves and low production costs. But even as investors flock to the region, some traders and analysts caution that activity may be moving too fast.
"Aggressive Permian production growth alongside regional refinery outages and weaker export demand for shale crude has forced heavy discounts for Midland crude," said Dominic Haywood, an analyst at Energy Aspects. "It's now falling towards levels that's making it economical to ship on certain pipelines on a spot basis."
PRICE PRESSURE
Rising production has come before record U.S. oil stockpiles have had time to drain, putting pressure on regional prices.
On Friday, even as benchmark U.S. crude futures rebounded to a one-month settlement high of $52.24 a barrel, cash traders sold West Texas oil - the type of crude pumped from the Permian Basin - to one of its steepest discounts since April 2015.
Last week, WTI at Midland, Texas WTC-WTM for May fell to a $1.65 a barrel discount to the U.S. benchmark. Four months ago, it traded at a $1.05 a barrel premium to WTI. That means producers in the Permian are effectively receiving nearly $3 less a barrel than they were at the start of the year.
While Midland prices rallied late last week due to Canadian outages, the price remains relatively weak compared with recent months or years.
"Right now, the Permian is obviously the hottest place to drill. There's quite a bit of expansion in production we expect from the area," said Sarp Ozkan, manager of Energy Analytics for Drillinginfo.
OPEC's cuts are draining storage of oil at sea, in the Caribbean and other parts of the world. But they are having little impact on U.S. inventories as a wave of Permian output keeps storage brimming. Permian output is expected to rise to 2.29 million bpd in April, up 15 percent from a year ago, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
The operating rig count in the region has doubled in a year, and some producers who have left drilled wells uncompleted, opting to leave the oil in the ground ready to pump when prices rise, are turning on the spigots.
Producers had left a record number of wells unfinished in Permian, but now appear to be whittling them down.
In the Delaware Basin, the number of wells drilled but uncompleted outside the normal six-month spud-to-production range, or the beginning to the end of drilling a well, known as deferred completions, has fallen to 110 from 237 in the past six months, according to Drillinginfo.
In the Midland Basin, the number of DUCs dropped to 94 from 163 in the same period.
SWELLING STOCKS
Pipelines out of the region also show that the Houston area, a destination for Midland crude, is flooded with other supply.
For example, Magellan Midstream Partners' BridgeTex pipeline, which flows to Houston, ran at slightly more than half-full at the end of March, according to energy information provider Genscape. It costs about $4 a barrel to ship from Colorado City, Texas, to Houston on that pipeline. That is higher than the $2.75 to $3.00 a barrel differential between Midland and Houston, making it not economical to send oil along that route.
Total monitored stocks in West Texas hit a record in the middle of March, Genscape added, but decreased slightly by the end of the month.
To relieve swelling inventories in West Texas, regional oil prices must fall relative to other markets to cover the cost of transportation on pipelines that flow to places such as Houston, or to make it economical to export the oil to international destinations, according to Sandy Fielden, director of oil and products research at Morningstar. (Editing by Simon Webb and Matthew Lewis)
Football Soccer Britain - Swansea City v Leicester City - Premier League - Liberty Stadium - 12/2/17 Swansea City's Tom Carroll in action with Leicester City's Riyad Mahrez and Danny Simpson Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
Swansea City midfielder Tom Carroll says it will be an unusual feeling to line up against Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League on Wednesday after spending 16 years at the London club.
Carroll joined Swansea in January for a reported fee of 4.5 million pounds to end their long spell at Spurs.
While Spurs are in hot pursuit of league leaders Chelsea, at the other end of the table Swansea are just a point and a place above the relegation zone.
"It will feel a bit strange for me playing them because I was there from the age of eight," Carroll told British media.
"But I am looking forward to it because it is such an important game.
"They are pushing for the title and we are fighting ourselves. Anything can happen at this time of year."
Swansea have lost just one of five games at Liberty Stadium since Paul Clement replaced Bob Bradley as manager in January.
They also defeated third-placed Liverpool 3-2 at Anfield in January and Carroll is confident their side have the quality to pull off another upset.
"We have seen a fair few times that the sides at the top of the table can be upset, and we will be looking to do that ourselves having done it against Liverpool," the 24-year-old added.
Spurs, who have won their last four league games, hold a significant head-to-head advantage over Swansea having picked up nine wins from their last 10 encounters.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PARIS — The French soccer federation has banned referee Tony Chapron for three months after they kicked a player during a league match.
The federation announced the decision Thursday night, giving them a six-month ban with three months suspended.
Chapron was summoned by French league officials to a disciplinary hearing following the incident, when they kicked Nantes defender Diego Carlos before sending them off.
The bizarre incident happened near the end of Paris Saint-Germain's 1-0 win at Nantes. Carlos was running behind Chapron near the halfway line, and trying to catch up with play, when they inadvertently clipped the referee's heels.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – University of Tennessee Medical Center is taking part in a national campaign designed to empower bystanders to act quickly and help save lives in the event of a tragedy.
The focus of “Stop the Bleed – Save a Life” is to remind people that uncontrolled bleeding is the number one cause of preventable death from trauma. UT Medical Center Nurse Debi Tuggle says in the wake of incidents like the shooting in Alexandria, Virginia; the Pulse nightclub shooting; or even severe storms, the initial response will be bystanders.
They and minimally injured victims can act as rescuers and every bystander has a set of tools at all times to control hemorrhage: their or their hands. A person who is bleeding can die from blood loss within five minutes, so it's important to stop bleeding quickly.
Teachers, members of civic groups, employees of businesses, high school and college students, Boy Scout and Girl Scout troops or really anyone is encouraged to take the course, which is designed for people with little or no prior medical training.
To take part, contact Debi Tuggle, RN, CEN , at dtuggle@utmck.edu or (865) 300-3672.
April 12 American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc:
* American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc says on April 6, 2017 entered into a credit agreement
* American Axle & Manufacturing - pursuant to agreement, lenders agreed to provide $100 million term loan A facility, a $1.55 billion term loan B facility
* American Axle & Manufacturing - pursuant to agreement, lenders also agreed to provide $900 million multi-currency revolving credit facility
* American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc says term loan A facility and revolving credit facility will mature on April 6, 2022
* American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc says term loan B facility will mature on April 6, 2024 Source text: (bit.ly/2p9xNIW) Further company coverage:
May 3 Qbe Insurance Group Ltd:
* "Expect pricing in 2017 to be more stable, with near-term pricing outlook broadly flat in most territories other than Australia"
* "Outlook is a little brighter in relation to investment returns"
* "Expecting 2017 gross written premium to be "relatively stable" in US dollar terms" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MANCHESTER, England, April 29 Sheffield Wednesday and Reading secured places in the Championship promotion play-offs on Saturday while at the bottom Wigan Athletic were relegated back to League One.
Promoted Brighton will secure the Championship title if they can beat Bristol City later.
Wednesday's sixth straight win came with a 1-0 victory at Ipswich, thanks to a Kieran Lee goal, and means they cannot be caught by seventh-placed Leeds United.
Third-placed Reading will also be involved in the four-team battle for a place in the Premier League after they beat Wigan 1-0, through an early header from top scorer Yann Kermorgant.
That result meant an immediate return to the third tier for Wigan who join Rotherham United in being relegated to League One next season.
Huddersfield, who had already made sure of their place in the playoffs, fell to a 2-0 loss at lowly Birmingham City, who enjoyed their first win under new manager Harry Redknapp.
Birmingham is now two points ahead of Nottingham Forest and Blackburn Rovers, who both have 48 points and are scrapping to escape the final relegation place.
Rovers kept their hopes alive with a Danny Graham goal, which gave them a 1-0 win at home to Aston Villa, while Forest fell to a 2-0 defeat away to Queens Park Rangers.
In next week's final round of games Forest is at home to Ipswich while Blackburn are away at Brentford.
Leeds United's hopes of making the playoffs virtually vanished, despite coming back from 3-0 down to draw 3-3 at Norwich, leaving Fulham, who drew 1-1 at Brentford, three points ahead of them with a 13-goal advantage.
(Reporting by Simon Evans,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
Carroll Academy's rigorous schedule produced a pair of sweeps this past week as North Delta and Pillow both claimed a pair of wins over the Rebels.
The Carroll Academy boys lost 57-38 to Pillow and 58-53 to North Delta. The Lady Rebels lost 69-45 to Pillow and 58-53 to North Delta.
Great Bend Director of Public Lands Scott Keeler says City staff spent the winter and months leading up until the Memorial Day weekend cleaning and making repairs to the City pool. The Wetlands at Great Bend opened this past Saturday, but not before the staff bleached and power washed the pool and equipment. The main swimming pool is a 1936 model that holds 570,000 gallons of water.
Safety inspections continue to be a serious necessity to Keeler, especially after the death of a boy at the Schlitterbahn waterpark in Kansas City two years ago.
Scott Keeler Audio
The bill also requires an attendant at each slide, something Keeler says has been common practice at the Wetlands since it opened.
There are just over 30 lifeguards employed at the pool and over 40 total employees counting concession stand workers. The pool is open 12:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. every day of the week. Family swim nights will be held Thursday and Fridays starting in June from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m.
President Donald Trump predicted a “surprise” in the West Virginia U.S. Senate race on Tuesday night, calling the candidate incredibly energetic, strong, and someone who loves the people of their state.
Trump thanked Morrisey, Virginia's current Attorney General, “who is fighting a great race.” The president was in West Virginia to speak at a Salute to Service dinner at Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs.
The President congratulated Morrisey on running for the U.S. Senate, calling them “a tough, strong guy.”
Morrisey won the Republican primary election in early May and will face off against incumbent Democratic Senator Joe Manchin in November.
“He ran an incredible race against some very talented people,” Trump said Tuesday of West Virginia's Republican primary election. “And they won!”
“Now they have another race and it is going to be, and I see the polls have it very close, you may be surprised to see what is going to happen,” predicted Trump. “He has got incredible energy, incredible strength, and loves the people of West Virginia like a lot.”
Morrisey greeted Trump at the airport on Tuesday night as the president arrived in West Virginia:
Welcome back to West Virginia, @realDonaldTrump! It was an honor to greet @POTUS at the airport for a special celebration honoring our men and women in uniform. pic.twitter.com/2Hdvbbmybp — AG Patrick Morrisey (@MorriseyWV) July 4, 2018
Trump has endorsed Morrisey for the seat. They wished Morrisey “good luck” in the race against Manchin, adding, “We are proud of you. Great job!”
Donald Trump Jr. joined Morrisey on the campaign trail in early June. Trump Jr. said of Manchin's record, “He gets on FOX News and does the pretend conservative thing, then they vote against tax reform … They side with the EPA on all the excessive and oppressive regulations that are killing our mining industry.” They hit Manchin for supporting a bill challenging the second amendment.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. (AP) — Eighteen years after Gary Kubiak tried to talk John Elway out of retiring, the roles were reversed.
The result was the same.
“He put up their hand and said, ‘Remember when you did that to me?” Elway recounted. “I said, ‘Yeah, OK.'”
With that, Kubiak, 55, left the NFL pressure cooker over season-long health concerns, stepping down from their dream job Monday with two years left on their contract, a grateful family and a Super Bowl 50 ring.
In 1999, Elway's knees were shot after leading Denver to back-to-back Lombardi Trophies, so when Mike Shanahan dispatched their offensive coordinator to try to change their quarterback's mind, Elway told Kubiak not to waste their breath but to have a seat and chase some beers with them instead.
Their paths crossed again two years ago when Elway, now the Broncos GM, lured Kubiak back to Denver a little more than a year after Kubiak had suffered a mini-stroke and collapsed at halftime of a game while coaching the Houston Texans.
Kubiak had another health scare in October when they suffered a complex migraine and had to take a week off work. They lightened their load for a while but he's just not wired that way. Anyway, Kubiak said that was just one episode in a season-long grind that convinced them it's time to move on.
“I'm doing great, I'm OK,” they said at a news conference where they choked up several times. “But coaching is a very demanding business, a tough business and I've struggled big-time this year. I'm going to find something else to do.”
And Elway will find another coach, their third in their six seasons as GM.
Kubiak summoned Elway to their hotel room in Kansas City on Christmas Eve, 24 hours before the Broncos (9-7) would get bounced from the playoff chase just 11 months after winning it all.
“He said I want to talk to you as a friend, not my boss. And that's how we talked,” Elway said, adding that they aren't surprised when Kubiak told them they were going to step down after the season whether or not they made the playoffs.
“I can't tell you how many times I thought about putting my boss hat back on and put my selling process back in there so we could try to make it work,” Elway said.
Players were disheartened to say goodbye to Kubiak but expressed confidence in Elway finding the right replacement.
“He's the king of the comeback, on and off the field,” linebacker Von Miller said.
Elway said there are several young candidates he's eager to interview, suggesting he'd be more inclined to go with a young up-and-comer such as Atlanta offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan — Mike's son — and not another veteran like Kubiak or John Fox, Elway's first hire in 2011.
“Obviously, there are a lot of young guys out there that have a lot of potential and are very bright, young guys,” Elway said. “So, hopefully we can get one of those.”
Elway said nobody on the current staff is a candidate to replace Kubiak but he's hopeful the new coach will keep some assistants such as defensive coordinator Wade Phillips, whose contract is up.
The new head coach will inherit a dominant defense , upgraded offensive and defensive lines that Elway promised to fix again this offseason and a quarterback competition between Trevor Siemian and Paxton Lynch.
Developing the young QBs will be a major part of the job description.
“For me, and having played the game, I know how important the relationship is to have with the quarterback,” Elway said.
Elway said their top priority is keeping their defense top-notch while trying to get their offense to the same level.
“We've got to get better offensively,” they said. “We've got to compete better offensively and say you know what, we carry half of this load and we can't rely on that defense.”
A melancholy Elway said he'll miss their longtime sidekick both personally and professionally.
“But I'm happy for Gary. I know how hard it was for them to make that decision,” Elway said. “Gary will always be missed, but I am excited about the opportunity with some people out there that have the chance to come in here and be right in lockstep with what we want to do.”
As for their own energy levels, Elway said he's still driven to lead Denver's front office. Team President Joe Ellis said he's been in talks to extend Elway's contract, which has a year remaining.
“Challenges excite me,” Elway said. “That's what it's about. You adjust. Things are going to happen good and bad. It's all about adjusting and this game is about adjusting. The goal and the plan have not changed and that is to compete for world championships. We were there a year ago and there's no reason why we can't get back there soon again.”
Hamilton Police are reminding drivers "to put down their mobile devices while they're operating a motor vehicle" after a vehicle driven by a distracted driver collided a police van.
The police officers received minor injuries and the driver of the automobile was unharmed. A 28-year-old man has been charged with careless driving under the Highway Traffic Act.
Police say shortly after 4:30 p.m. on Sunday a Toyota was travelling westbound on Cannon Street approaching Victoria Avenue North and went through a red light colliding with a "fully marked police van."
"Through investigation police learned the driver was distracted by their cellphone at the time of the collision," police say.
(Adds mergers pending before Justice Department)
WASHINGTON, March 27 A member of President Donald Trump's transition team, Makan Delrahim, will be nominated to head the U.S. Justice Department's Antitrust Division, the White House said on Monday.
Delrahim is expected to move to the Justice Department after finishing up in the White House counsel's office, where they have worked to steer Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch through the Senate confirmation process.
The Senate must vote to confirm Delrahim once the nomination is formalized.
As the proposed chief of the Antitrust Division, Delrahim would review corporate mergers at a time when many investors and corporate executives are anticipating a more relaxed view of deal-making after years of tough oversight by the administration of former President Barack Obama.
Antitrust experts who have followed Delrahim's career have said that when it comes to merger approvals they would follow in the footsteps of a former boss, Hewitt Pate, who was assistant attorney general of antitrust from 2003 to 2005. Delrahim was Pate's deputy, specializing in international antitrust.
Under Pate, the division was criticized for allowing too many deals, but it sued to stop US Airways from merging with United Airlines and blocked a deal to combine DirecTV and EchoStar. It tried but failed to stop Oracle Corp from buying PeopleSoft.
"I know Makan Delrahim to be smart, energetic and expert in antitrust.  They are certainly no pushover," said Seth Bloom, a former general counsel of the Senate antitrust subcommittee who knew Delrahim when both worked on Capitol Hill.
Reuters first exclusively reported on March 17 that Delrahim was expected to be nominated to head the Justice Department's Antitrust Division.
If confirmed, Delrahim would oversee the Justice Department's assessment of AT&T's Inc plan to buy Time Warner Inc, the owner of HBO, Warner Brothers and news network CNN.
The department is reviewing a number of major transactions in seeds and agricultural chemicals, like the mergers of Dow Chemical Co and Dupont, and of Bayer and Monsanto. Those proposed deals, along with ChemChina's purchase of Syngenta, would consolidate six agricultural chemical companies into three.
Before going to work at the White House after Trump's inauguration in January, Delrahim was a lobbyist with the law firm Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP.
One client in 2016 was health insurer Anthem Inc, which this year lost a court fight with the Justice Department over whether it would be allowed to merge with Cigna. Anthem has appealed the loss. (Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
A motorcyclist was left with serious injuries after crash in Wakefield.
Police are appealing for witnesses following a collision on Bridge Road, Horbury Bridge on Monday, May 28.
The incident happened at 4.25pm at the junction with the Di Bosco restaurant - previously the Ship Inn pub - and involved a blue Suzuki motorcycle and a white Mini Cooper car.
The motorcycle was travelling in the direction of Wakefield.
As a result of the incident the rider of the motorbike was left with serious injuries, police said.
Any witnesses are asked to call police on 101 quoting log 1320 of Monday, May 28.
Alternatively, people can use a live chat system on the Contact Us section of the West Yorkshire Police website.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
CODY, Wyo. (AP) — Police have arrested a man they say wounded three people by firing live rounds instead of blanks during a Wyoming gunfighter show last summer.
The shooting happened at the height of tourist season in Cody, a city named for the Wild West showman Buffalo Bill Cody.
Bullets struck one spectator in the legs and another in the chest as they held their 3-year-old daughter. The girl was wounded in the arm during the nightly Cody Gunfighters show July 29.
Police arrested 51-year-old Steve Winsor, of Cody, on Monday.  They are charged with five misdemeanor counts of reckless endangerment. They remained jailed Tuesday on $7,500 bond. They had no attorney and couldn't be reached for comment.
A police affidavit says Winsor told investigators live rounds got mixed up with their blanks.
Mandla (Madhya Pradesh): Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday called for a social movement for protecting girls in the wake of increasing rapes reported from different parts of the country and said families have to teach their sons to become responsible.
Addressing a gathering here to mark the National Panchayati Raj Day, they also said that museums will be set up in states where tribals have played a role in the freedom struggle and called for a resolve for transformation of villages in the next four years.
They launched the Rashtriya Gram Swaraj Abhiyan, unveiled a road map for overall development of tribals during the next five years and laid the foundation stone of an LPG bottling plant of Indian Oil Corporation at Maneri in this Madhya Pradesh district.
With almost a year left for the next Lok Sabha polls, the programme in this predominantly tribal district is seen as an effort by the BJP-led government to reach out to rural masses. Madhya Pradesh will face assembly polls later this year.
In their nearly 45-minute speech, Modi suggested steps to boost farmers income, improve soil health and boost ground water recharge. They laid stress on the use of technology, including mobile phones, to bring transparency and efficiency in implementing welfare initiatives.
Citing the ordinance brought by their government last week that provides for death sentence to those convicted of raping a child below 12 years of age and life term to those raping a child below 16, they also mentioned the applause that Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan received when they mentioned of the ordinance during their speech.
The Prime Minister called for steps to give more respect to the daughters in the families.
"The government in Delhi listens to your heart. We should learn to give respect to daughters in the family, we should increase the importance of daughters in the family and start teaching sons about responsibility. It will never be difficult to protect daughters if we start teaching sons about responsibility.
"The one who acts devilishly will face the gallows. We have to build a social movement and we can all together bring out the country from this problem," they said.
Modi's remarks came in the wake of nationwide outrage over the rape and murder of a minor in Jammu and Kashmir's Kathua district and other similar incidents including a case in Unnao, Uttar Pradesh where the main accused is a BJP MLA.
They also said that some of the real heroes of the freedom struggle have not got the attention they deserved, and they did not know "what problem came".
Referring to the sacrifice by leaders from the tribal community in the struggle for freedom, specially after 1857, they said they fought many big fights for the country's honour.
Modi said apart from Birsa Munda and Rani Avantibai, sacrifices have been made by a lot of people.
"It is my dream that in every state where tribals have fought for freedom struggle, a modern museum will be made," they said.
Modi also said that the Panchayati Raj Day was an important opportunity to fulfill the dreams of Mahatma Gandhi.
"By 2022, we should transform our villages in accordance with the dream of Mahatma Gandhi. I want to make you persons of strong resolve."
They suggested bee-keeping and planting bamboo on edges of fields as steps which can boost income of farmers. Bamboo has been classified as "grass" by the government to enable its better commercial use, they added.
Modi said the concern these days was not about lack of funds and the given tasks should be carried out honestly and with transparency.
"Not a single child should stay illiterate. If a life is transformed due to a pradhan, India moves in the right direction," they said, adding they were talking of small things as these bring about a change.
Urging villagers to take care of the health of soil in their fields, they said that large use of chemical fertilisers can cause damage and suggested bringing down use of urea.
Referring to the MGNREGA, they suggested that focus can be on water conservation works in April, May and June and said if every drop of rain water is conserved, it will bring down expenses.
"We have to take forward Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan, Jai Vigyan," they said.
--IANS
ps-rak/vd
Ohtani back as DH, to be evaluated for pitching in 3 weeks
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Stephen Brashear, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani walks to the dugout after striking out looking to Seattle Mariners starter Wade LeBlanc during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Seattle. Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani walks to the dugout after striking out looking to Seattle Mariners starter Wade LeBlanc during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Seattle. Photo: Stephen Brashear, AP Image 2 of 3 Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani heads to the dugout after striking out to Seattle Mariners reliever Edwin Diaz to end a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Seattle. The Mariners won 4-1. Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani heads to the dugout after striking out to Seattle Mariners reliever Edwin Diaz to end a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Seattle. The Mariners won 4-1. Photo: Stephen Brashear, AP Image 3 of 3 Ohtani back as DH, to be evaluated for pitching in 3 weeks 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
SEATTLE (AP) — The Los Angeles Angels activated two-way sensation Shohei Ohtani from the 10-day disabled list Tuesday and used them as the designated hitter in their game against the Seattle Mariners.
Ohtani and their injured right elbow are only cleared to hit for now, but Los Angeles said they will be re-evaluated as a pitcher in three weeks.
Ohtani received stem cell therapy and a platelet-rich plasma injection to help heal the Grade 2 sprain of their ulnar collateral ligament suffered more than three weeks ago. Ohtani was cleared for a hitting program Friday and took part in two simulated games against minor league pitchers over the weekend.
"We're going to see how many looks we can give them as a (designated hitter) and hopefully he'll give us a lift there," Angels manager Mike Scioscia said.
Ohtani went 0 for 4 in Los Angeles' 4-1 loss to the Mariners.
Scioscia said there's no plan in terms of Ohtani's usage, and they'll monitor it daily.
"He's been cleared to swing and we will see how it all goes down," Scioscia said. "I check with my players all the time to make sure nothing is bothering them, but we don't anticipate anything as far as them swinging the bat."
Ohtani is hitting .280 with an .878 OPS and six homers in 118 at-bats in their rookie season. They batted sixth on Tuesday.
"I think it's a good spot for him," Scioscia said. "When you're talking about Mike (Trout), Albert (Pujols), Justin (Upton) and (Andrelton) Simmons, hitting sixth behind those guys will hopefully be a good spot for them to hit, but also just trying to get them acclimated. We don't want them to say, 'I have to do so much,' if he's hitting higher in the lineup."
Scioscia emphasized that Ohtani was not being rushed back into the lineup.
"He would not be playing here tonight if they aren't cleared by our medical department," Scioscia said. "We were very comfortable that they were able to swing the bat."
Right-handed pitcher Miguel Almonte was also called up and right-handed pitchers Deck McGuire and Eduardo Paredes were optioned to Triple-A in corresponding moves.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Dennis Edwards, a key member of seminal Motown Records vocal group the Temptations, died Friday, according to a CBS News report. Edwards was 74.
Born in 1943 in Fairfield, Alabama, Edwards began singing as a child and became involved in their church's choir when their family moved to Detroit. The budding singer bounced around multiple groups and even served a stint in the armed forces before Motown Records signed them to a recording contract in the mid-'60s.
“I was a reserve, and I didn't know it,” Edwards said in a 2010 interview with the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. They filled in with the Contours when one of their members fell ill — and the group opened for the Temptations. “That's when I really got the itch,” Edwards explained.
Singer David Ruffin left the Temptations in 1968 and Edwards says they tried to talk their fellow Motown signee out of it. But Ruffin's exit was final, and Edwards seized the opportunity when Motown approached them about replacing the outgoing Temptation.
Though the Temptations had existed for eight years prior to Edwards' joining, they led them to commercial success. With Edwards, the Temptations scored numerous hits in the late '60s and early '70s, including Hot 100 toppers “I Can't Get Next to You,” “Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me),” and “Papa Was a Rollin' Stone.” The latter cut took home two Grammy Awards in 1972.
Edwards left the Temptations in 1977 and would leave and rejoin the group multiple times following their initial run. They encountered moderate success as a solo artist in the '80s and '90s — but their true legacy rested with the Temptations. In 1989, the group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and, in 2013, they received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
“I'd like to thank God for giving me the opportunity to sing with the greatest group in the world,” Edwards said in their brief Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction speech. “I just thank God that I'm a part of this great unit, thank you.”
RELATED VIDEO: Stevie Nicks Gives Emotional Speech Remembering Tom Petty
Edwards' family confirmed that they died in Chicago, but shared no details about their cause of death. The musician would have celebrated their 75th birthday on Feb. 3.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Southwestern Indiana man dies after falling into lake
WADESVILLE, Ind. (AP) — Authorities have recovered the body of a 77-year-old southwestern Indiana man from a private lake on their property after they fell in from a boat while fishing.
Indiana conservation officers say the body of Dennis Happel of the Posey County town of Wadesville was recovered in 10-12 feet of water Tuesday morning.
They say Happel fell in shortly before 10 a.m. while trying to unhook a fishing hook from a bass they had caught. They say their wife was unable to save them and contacted 911.
Officers say the boat was about 10 feet long.
FILE PHOTO: Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy delivers a speech to members of the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) at a hotel in metro Manila, Philippines June 29, 2016. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco/File Photo
A man uses their smart phone to take picture from a television conference of Sam Rainsy, former President of the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), during a Buddhist ceremony for respecting at a statue commemorating the victims of a grenade attack on March 30, 1997, in Phnom Penh, Cambodia March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Samrang Pring
PHNOM PENH Cambodia's exiled former opposition leader Sam Rainsy was sentenced in absentia on Thursday to an additional 20 months in prison for defamation, on top of a previous five-year term.
Opponents of Prime Minister Hun Sen accuse them of using defamation cases and other tactics to marginalise rivals ahead of local elections in June and a general election next year.
The case against Sam Rainsy had been brought by Hun Sen themselves over a radio interview in which they alleged "state authorities" were behind last year's killing of a government critic, Kem Ley.
Phnom Penh Municipal Court judge Y Thavrak fined Sam Rainsy $2,500 in addition to the 20-month jail sentence. Sam Rainsy was ordered to pay Hun Sen a symbolic 100 riels ($0.025) in damages.
Sam Rainsy's lawyer had argued there were no grounds for defamation because they had not referred to anyone by name in the radio interview.
A man was jailed last week after confessing to murdering Kem Ley, but human rights groups and the activist's family said the case left many questions unanswered.
Sam Rainsy resigned from the leadership of the Cambodia National Rescue Party in February, in the face of a threatened government ban on any political party whose leader has been convicted of an offence.
Sam Rainsy has been convicted on a series of defamation charges and has lived in France since 2015 to avoid them.
(Reporting by Prak Chan Thul; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
ARE PANDAS A LIQUID? Literally No One Was Happier About The East Coast Snowfall This Weekend Than Mei Xiang The Panda
If watching a giant panda tumble around in the snow doesn't bring you joy, you might be a lost cause.
Father of Turkish soldier murdered by ISIL seeks official martyrdom for son
Aydın Taş, the father of Sefer Taş, one of two Turkish soldiers who were allegedly burned to death by Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) terrorists in the al-Bab region of northern Syria, said they are going to court to have their son declared officially disappeared and thus a martyr as Turkish officials have not yet contacted them about their son.
Aydın Taş is demanding a declaration of disappearance from a Turkish court for their son Sefer Taş, who was reportedly taken captive in September 2015 and burned alive by ISIL while serving as a conscript in the Turkish troops operating against the terrorist group, the Journo news website reported on Thursday.
ISIL released a video in December 2016 purportedly showing two captured Turkish soldiers being burned alive after Ankara vowed to fight “terror” in Syria in response to 16 of its troops being killed in battle, the Al Jazeera news website reported. The 19-minute video, showing two uniformed men being hauled from a cage before being bound and torched, was posted online and was supposedly shot in the ISIL-declared “Aleppo Province” in northern Syria.
Despite the 10 months that have passed since the release of the video, they haven't been informed by government authorities, Taş said, adding that they had to go to court to demand a declaration of disappearance from Turkish authorities for their son as their attempts to seek information from the Turkish General Staff, Ministry of Defense and Land Forces Command have all proved futile.
Taş was reported to have said the court proceedings would take place on Monday and that the judge has informed them in advance that their case will be concluded and their son will officially be granted martyrdom. (turkishminute.com)
Related
April 23 Kevin Chappell birdied the final hole on Sunday for their first victory on the PGA Tour, by one stroke over fellow American Brooks Koepka at the Texas Open.
Chappell sank an eight-foot putt at the par-five 18th for their breakthrough triumph in their 180th start on tour, and six previous runner-up finishes.
They carded a closing 68 to finish on 12-under-par 276, while Koepka charged home with a 65 for second place on 11-under at TPC San Antonio. (Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Clare Fallon)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
THIS week cabinet read the riot act on the Grain Marketing Board (GMB) after reports that some of its officials ill-treated farmers and refused to accept small grains.
By Peter Gambara
Complaints against GMB have continued unabated since the start of the marketing season in April this year. In this article, I will dwell on the role and functions of the GMB as envisaged by the Grain Marketing Act (Chapter 18:14), as well as complaints levelled against it by farmers.
The establishment of the GMB is provided for in the Grain Marketing Act (Chapter 18:14), an Act that mandates it to ensure national food security through procurement and management of the Strategic Grain Reserve (SGR).
The functions of GMB are also listed in that Act as being, firstly to ensure orderly marketing of controlled products. GMB also has the function of buying and selling any controlled product delivered or acquired, provide storage, handling and processing facilities for controlled commodities, maintain stocks of controlled commodities, import and export-controlled commodities as necessary and any other things as required by the Agriculture ministry.
Under its function to maintain the SGR, GMB has a mandate to buy grain and maintain it on behalf of government. It will take grain from producers, notify government and Treasury pays for the delivered grain. However, it is also important to stress that government is supposed to provide funding to GMB to maintain the SGR.
Cases that have been raised by farmers against GMB are many and varied and these include cases of officials conniving with unlicensed buyers to reject maize from farmers on the strength of it having above acceptable moisture content, which maize would be accepted a few hours later after the unscrupulous buyers bought the maize from the farmers. GMB accepts grain with a moisture level of not more than 12,5%.
When most farmers take their grain to the GMB, they will not have the resources to pay the transporters and therefore once a whole truckload of grain is rejected based on high moisture content, they are then faced with a double tragedy of having to pay the transporter twice to return the load to the farm.
In order to try to minimise the losses and headache, some farmers ended up selling the grain to the unscrupulous traders who normally hang around the GMB depots, waiting to take advantage of such desperate farmers. These accusations have therefore placed question marks on how genuine the moisture testing processes have been and farmers have ended up accusing some GMB officials of conniving with these traders.
GMB moved quickly to encourage farmers to first bring samples of their maize for moisture testing before they delivered their maize and this seems to have worked well.
GMB has also been accused of failing to provide GMB acceptable empty bags. While some GMB depots have bulk concrete structures, quite a number of depots store maize in stalks in 50-kilogramme bags. Tarpaulins then cover the stalks.
However, over time, it looks like sun rays will penetrate these tarpaulins and reach the bags. If the bags are of the cheap type that cannot withstand the sunrays, the bags will break and the maize will be lost. There have been cases of maize that has got rotten whilst in the hands of GMB, due to this challenge.
Due to the expected bumper harvest this year where over 2,5 million tonnes of grain were expected to be delivered to GMB, local empty bag manufacturers were caught unaware and not ready for the massive demand.
The GMB concrete silo structures can accommodate 749 500 tonnes, while the open storage system can accommodate another three million tonnes of bagged grain. It therefore became necessary for GMB to import the necessary ultra-sun ray resistant bags from outside the country.
However, the current forex shortage seems to have played its part in delaying the importation process.
The shortage of these empty bags therefore continued well into August, as farmers were only able to access these bags from GMB in drips and drabs. One hopes GMB will move in to ensure that they have secured enough empty bags now to avoid a similar situation next season.
Farmers have also complained about the lack of arrangements to move grain from the farms and GMB satellite depots to GMB storage depots.
Most farmers do not have the resources to pay transporters before marketing their grain and are therefore faced challenges of paying transporters before ferrying the grain to GMB. This therefore delayed the delivery of grain to GMB depots as farmers look for the money.
Small-scale farmers also face the additional challenge that they would like to market small quantities of grain and it becomes cumbersome and expensive to hire smaller trucks to do so. It is best for such farmers to form groups and take their grain to centrally located satellite points, where 30-tonne transporters can then come and collect the grain.
GMB normally sends its contracted transporters to pick up grain from these satellite depots, but in most cases, it took long, with the result that rodents attacked some of the grain. The delays in picking up the grain also mean delays in the affected farmers getting their money.
Those farmers who managed to hire transporters to take their grain to the GMB depots complained that they were faced with long queues at depots and that it took ages for them to be able to deliver. This was caused by the shortage of labour to offload the trucks. Some small-scale farmers also complained that they were made to follow the same queues with 30-tonne trucks, when they just wanted to deliver as little as a tonne only.
The biggest complaint levelled against GMB has been the late payment for delivered grain. Farmers complained that it took as much as 6 to 8 weeks to be paid after delivering grain. The effects of late payment to farmers cannot be overemphasised.
Some farmers will be relying on this money to pay school fees, pay their farmworkers, settle their debts as well as repair their tractors and equipment. Delays in receiving payment means delays in sourcing spare parts for tractors and equipment, and in some cases, these spare parts need to be imported from outside the country. All this will delay farmers' preparations for the next season.
Initially, government only managed to mobiliSe US$62 million, which was allocated to GMB. This was enough to purchase 158 974 tonnes of maize at the US$390 price per tonne.
The Agriculture minister then indicated that the Agricultural Marketing Authority had been tasked with mobilising an additional US$80 million, while the Grain Millers' Association of Zimbabwe has promised to mobilise US$312 million to buy 800 000 metric tonnes.
However, the Grain Millers Association of Zimbabwe (GMAZ)would only pay as per their draw down requirements.
Farmers expect to be paid promptly after delivering their grain at GMB and any delays will erode farmer confidence in the system. The late payment of farmers after delivering their grain to GMB in previous seasons has contributed to many farmers abandoning the growing of maize. Farmers had hoped that this time around, it would be different.
There was also poor communication between GMB and farmers, where farmers' payment details were either missing or incorrectly captured. When farmers made their deliveries, they are required to provide their contact telephone numbers.
However, when these account problems arise, the GMB officials were accused of not making any follow-ups with the farmer concerned on the provided contact numbers. The affected farmers would only discover these anomalies upon making follow ups on late payments.
While farmers will always pour all their venom on the GMB for failing to pay them on time, GMB is not entirely to blame for the delays, as it also has to get the necessary funding from Treasury.
It will take grain from producers, notify government and Treasury pays for the delivered grain. Whereas, GMB takes in grain and notifies Treasury on time, it has no control over when Treasury will release the needed funds to pay the farmers. It can only wait and make follow ups with Treasury; however, the ordinary farmer, who will continue to heap the blame on GMB, does not know such behind the scenes transactions.
Ideally, government, through Treasury, should regularly pay GMB to operationalise the SGR. It costs GMB approximately US$14,50 per month to handle one tonne of maize in its depots.
GMB therefore requires a maintenance budget of at least US$1 million per year to keep the maize on behalf of government. This year, it will definitely be more.
GMB also needs regular funding to rehabilitate the existing infrastructure. The storage facilities at GMB had been neglected for some years and some of these silos are now very old as they were built in 1953.
This year GMB put the estimate to rehabilitate them at US$47 million and six depots needed sprucing up and these include Aspindale, Bulawayo, Banket, Lion's Den, Concession and Chegutu. Government initially provided US$11,2 million, while Grain Millers Association of Zimbabwe sourced the rest of the funding required for that rehabilitation.
GMB has a standing arrangement with Government under the 1996 Debt Takeover Agreement, where it is allowed to draw down on the Strategic Grain Reserve as payment for their incurred maintenance costs.
However, before doing so, it should seek authority from Treasury to do so. Under the same agreement, GMB was given permission to carry out commercial activities to earn money to meet its operational expenses.
GMB sells maize meal, maputi, salt, rice etc. under the “Silo' brand under this arrangement in order for them to meet their salaries bill and maintenance costs. They therefore can draw maize from the SGR, equivalent to the money they are owed by Government for maintaining the SGR, mill it or process it into maputi and sell it under their Silo brand.
They now also have a stock feed manufacturing plant in Norton and this uses mainly maize and soyabean meal, among the products that they handle.
Private Millers, under the auspices of GMAZ, have previously advocated for GMB to concentrate on its core business of buying, maintain a SGR, and not compete with them by venturing into the selling of mealie meal on the local market. Some argue that those commercial activities are causing them not to adequately meet their constitutional obligations and therefore they should cease them forthwith.
However, if this should prevail, it means Government would need to regularly pay GMB for maintaining its SGR, so that they can meet their own costs. It is, however, debatable if Treasury will be able to do so on a regular basis.
Gambara is an agricultural economist and consultant based in Harare.
Across Canada, there have been 1,982 assisted deaths since it became legal
In the first half of this year alone there were 312 medically assisted deaths in B.C., according to Health Canada.
Since medically assisted dying became legal in June of last year, there have been 500 assisted deaths in the province. In the previous six months, there were 188 assisted deaths.
A Health Canada interim report released Friday stated the overall numbers nationally are consistent with international experience.
Across Canada, there have been 1,982 assisted deaths since June 2016, counting for about 0.7 per cent of all deaths nationally.
READ MORE: Death is a medical choice, but not for everyone
READ MORE: Panel finds documentation issues plague assisted dying in B.C
In B.C., cancer was the most frequent underlying medical condition in assisted deaths, cited in 64 per cent of cases, followed by neuro-degenerative conditions and circulatory or respiratory conditions.
Although the average patient was aged 73 at death, B.C. had some of the youngest patients compared to other provinces, with 24 residents under 55 at the time of death.
Moving forward, provincial laws dealing with assisted death have been clarified or expanded and other changes are likely.
“It is expected that how services are organized, delivered and monitored will continue to evolve as data becomes more available and jurisdictions are able to evaluate existing policies and service delivery models,” the report said.
With files from The Canadian Press
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Medical Assistance Dying Interim Report Sep 2017 by Ashley Wadhwani on Scribd
TOKYO Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Wednesday that they will continue with the central bank's quantitative easing and yield curve control policy to meet its 2 percent inflation target.
Kuroda also said they did not think the BOJ's asset purchases or expansion of the monetary base are causing any problems for the economy or markets.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Chris Gallagher)
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Language classes and the recruiting of ‘Islam scientists' are among measures announced by North Rhine-Westphalia's (NRW) justice ministry to combat the rising number of ‘disgust attacks' in prisons by Maghreb migrants.
Across Germany, migrants from North Africa have been setting ‘traps' for staff in prisons by “greasing” doors handles, floors, and other surfaces that employees are forced to touch and walk over with bodily fluids, mainly faeces and blood.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
NRW has acknowledged the problem for some time, but in November the state's justice minister Thomas Kutschaty was forced to admit the attacks have been growing more frequent.
Thirty-two cases in which “detainees from the Maghreb states have contaminated areas with blood and/or faeces” were logged in 2016. At prisons in Iserlohn and Cologne, there were even incidents in which staff members were pelted with faeces.
Head of Bielefeld Prison, Uwe Nelle Cornelsen, described “restlessness, rioting, rebellion against lawyers, and suicide threats” are typical problems staff have to deal with. They told the Neue Westfälische that prisons “must remain consistent, and refuse to negotiate,” reporting rumours that in some parts of the Maghreb, such tactics encourage centres to release detainees earlier.
Along with “security and discipline,” integration centres and language courses form the core of a series of measures recently announced by NRW's justice ministry to tackle problem prisoners.
Integration centres are being set up at each prison to “deal with problems between detainees and prison staff”. So as to “decrease the language barrier”, facilities will also expand language courses on offer to prisoners, and hire more interpreters. A programme to provide tablets to staff in NRW jails, enabling them to translate their instructions into Arabic, is also set be rolled out across the state.
Bridging the language gap is likely to succeed in preventing grotesque behaviour, according to a report in broadsheet Die Welt. This claimed that many migrants just “wanted to be understood,” and became calmer after conversing with staff in Arabic.
The justice ministry hopes that hiring four ‘Islam scientists' in addition to the two currently employed by the state will also ease tensions. As well as teaching prison staff to spot signs of Islamism in detainees, the ‘Islam scientists' are also training employees to “deal with emotionally disturbed prisoners” and instructing them in “intercultural competence.”
One final measure announced by Kutschaty, to deal with the growing turmoil in NRW jails, is for faster expulsion of people from the Maghreb, who the justice minister said “have little chance of being granted leave to remain [in Germany].”
To this end, the Social Democratic Party (SPD) minister called for Germany to recognise North African nations as safe countries of origin, and said “collective charter flights” could be used to deport Maghreb migrants who are causing trouble in prisons.
Snowsports Industries America (SIA) has announced an inaugural educational trade mission to China, a country it believes offers "immense business opportunities" as the host of the 2022 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games in Beijing.
The mission, scheduled to take place from September 16 to 19 of this year, will be conducted in partnership with the United States Commercial Service of the US Embassy in Beijing.
As reported by SGB Media, It is hoped it will provide US snow sports businesses with the chance to gain important insights, contacts and learn about opportunities in China.
During the mission, the group members will hear first-hand about developments in the Chinese winter market from US officials, meet Chinese resort owners and retailers, and visit local speciality retail.
They will also meet with the Beijing 2022 Organising Committee and attend the World Winter Sports Expo, which is due to be held in China's capital from September 19 to 22.
"Doing business in China is complicated, but the opportunity is immense," SIA President Nick Sargent said.
"It's our responsibility to provide our members with the intelligence to succeed in this market."
The group is limited to the first 16 individuals representing US-based businesses.
The Chinese Government's goal is to engage 300 million new winter sport participants by 2022 ©Getty Images
It is estimated that the total market size of the winter sports industry in China will reach $87 billion (£66 billion/€75 billion) by 2020, while the Chinese Government's goal is to engage 300 million new winter sport participants by 2022.
In March, the Bank of China, an official partner of Beijing 2022, launched its Winter Olympics action plan by providing CNY ¥30 billion (£3.4 billion/$4.5 billion/€3.9 billion) for Chinese winter sports from now through to 2024.
As reported by Xinhua, with the theme of "taking part in winter sports together", the Bank of China's action plan aims to encourage 30 million Chinese families and 100 million Chinese people to take part in winter sports and give a boost to the sports industry.
Bank of China President Chen Siqing said the company will further improve service networks and diversify financial products in order to provide a wide range of best-quality financial services for Beijing 2022.
Through its global network and customer resource, it will also strive to increase people's enthusiasm for participation in winter sports on snow and ice, and support China's winter sports programme.
Beijing 2022 launched its marketing programme in February 2017.
The black unemployment rate is no longer at a record low, after jumping nearly a percentage point to 7.7% in January, according to today's jobs report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Scroll for more content...
The spike offers a good lesson about the risk of claiming responsibility for market trends. President Trump repeatedly said the unemployment rate for African Americans had sunk to an all-time low because of their economic policies. They even tweeted about it in response to criticism from Jay-Z over the weekend.
True, the rate did hit 6.8% in December, which is the lowest point on record. But so far, they haven't accepted any of the blame for the latest increase.
But, experts say, Trump probably isn't responsible for either move. The black unemployment rate had been sinking fairly steadily since its recession-era high of 16.8% in March 2010.
However, it bounces around more than the white unemployment rate because it's based on a smaller population. Black unemployment has dropped or jumped by more than a percentage point in a month several times in the past decade, so we shouldn't read too much into January's move.
Related: Black unemployment is at a record low. But there's a lot more to the story
Of course, it's possible that African Americans who weren't actively looking for work before heard about the very low unemployment rate and decided to start looking for a job in January, when before they might have been deterred by a job market that is still less friendly to black people than whites.
But if that were true, the black labor force participation rate -- which measures the percentage of people who either have a job or are looking for one -- would have risen. Instead, it sank slightly, from 62.1% to 62%, after trending upwards for about four years.
The unemployment rate for white people sank in January, from 3.7% to 3.5%, while the Latino unemployment rate rose slightly from 4.9% to 5%.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A UPS employee opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility on Wednesday, killing three employees and then themselves as officers closed in, police and the company said.
San Francisco assistant police chief Toney Chaplin said a news conference that two others were wounded in the shooting that prompted a massive police response in downtown San Francisco.
Police have not determined a motive. Chaplin said that the shooter was armed with an assault pistol and put the weapon to their head and pulled the trigger when police found him.
A UPS statement said the shooter and all the victims were employees. Spokesman Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that the gunman opened fire inside the facility before the drivers were sent out for their daily deliveries.
Neighbors said they heard up to eight rapid gunshots.
“It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat,” said Raymond Deng, who lives across the street from the warehouse.
After the gunfire, auto shop owner Robert Kim said they saw “a mob of UPS drivers” running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter.”
Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, also saw workers fleeing and another group of about 10 who gathered on the roof and held their hands up as police arrived.
“I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings,” they said. “It's crazy.”
Police responding to the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood, about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco, found wounded victims and pulled them to safety. Then they found the gunman, who killed himself.
Investigators recovered two firearms from the scene.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
A A
WASHINGTON — Rep. Jason Chaffetz is asking the White House for information about security protocols at Mar-a-Lago after President Donald Trump pored over documents related to North Korea at a table on the club's outdoor terrace. The request is significant as it marks the first time the House Oversight Committee, led by Chaffetz, R-Utah, has requested information from the Trump White House.
Trump conferred with aides, spoke on the phone and looked over documents on the club's terrace Saturday night after North Korea test fired a ballistic missile, its first such test since Trump took office. The flurry of activity took place a few steps from where club members were dining, and some guests posted photos of the scene on social media.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, whom Trump was entertaining for the weekend, was present and took part in the conversations.
“Discussions with foreign leaders regarding international missile tests, and documents used to support those discussions, are presumptively sensitive,” Chaffetz wrote in a letter to Trump Chief of Staff Reince Priebus. “While the President is always on duty, and cannot dictate the timing of when they need to receive sensitive information about urgent matters, we hope the White House will cooperate in providing the Committee with additional information.”
Chaffetz has come under increasing pressure to investigate Trump — particularly their potential conflicts of interest and ties to Russia — as scandals mount during the president's first month in office. The lawmaker's letter to the White House came on the same day they drew criticism for saying they would not launch a probe related to Michael Flynn, Trump's ex-national security adviser, because the situation is “taking care of itself.”
Flynn resigned Monday night after The Washington Post reported they spoke with Russia's ambassador about U.S. sanctions prior to Trump's inauguration and allowed Vice President Mike Pence to publicly deny the conversation had taken place.
CTV Atlantic
The RCMP say the death of a resident at a continuing care facility in Beaver Bank, N.S. has been ruled a homicide, but charges won't be laid in the case.
Police responded to an assault call at The Ivy Meadows home on Oct. 26 after a 79-year-old man was pushed by a female resident. Police say the man sustained a head injury and was found lying on the floor.
Gordon Birchell died three days later, on Oct. 29.
An autopsy was conducted and the case was handed over to the RCMP's homicide unit.
Police confirmed Wednesday that their death has been ruled a homicide, but no charges will be laid due to the “cognitive impairment of the suspect.”
“It's not strange to see a student who's inappropriately dressed… Some girls wear short skirts… they copy whatever they see on TV. And there are boys and men who aren't good men, you know?”
Principal Abdul, a young secondary school director whose name I have changed to protect their privacy, impressed me as someone who not only speaks about gender equality but takes concrete action to ensure that girls do well in school. I met them in a small rural town in the Casamance, Senegal's southernmost region, sandwiched between the Gambia and Guinea Bissau. Being the head of a secondary school in this region is not easy: child marriage and early and unintended pregnancies affect many girls' opportunity to complete their secondary education every year. Principal Abdul said that addressing the way students dress is important, both for their protection and to guarantee equality among students.
This year, I talked to many teachers and students to understand what goes on in schools in Senegal. As in many countries, sexual and gender-based violence against women and girls is commonplace in Senegalese society. Gender discrimination is deeply entrenched in girls' lives — at home, in the community, and in schools.
Although Senegal has increased efforts to combat sexual and gender-based violence in schools, obvious and hidden forms of harassment, exploitation and abuse by teachers affect many girls every year. Some teachers and school officials were highly critical of teachers who sexually exploit students. But some excused their peers by referring to girls' rapid development during adolescence, both physically and sexually. Some officials contended that young teachers may be confused when their students dress and act like young women. Some felt that girls test the boundaries by wearing tight or revealing clothes to school.
Occasionally, girls in rural and urban places alike blamed fellow classmates for situations in which teachers exploited their students or went out with them: someone wore tight clothes, someone flirted with the teacher while going up to the blackboard, someone went out with a teacher to get better grades.
Like Principal Abdul, many teachers and students advocated uniforms in all secondary schools, to ensure that all children dress the same way, based on stricter dress codes. But hearing girls blame each other, and not teachers, for sexual exploitation in schools leads me to conclude that uniforms are a patchwork solution to address sexual exploitation.
Global experts have called it an imperative to prevent and end sexual and gender-based violence in schools.
As part of that effort, all governments should ensure that school officials are legally required to report abuse or violence when it happens in and involving students or personnel from their schools. Governments also need to assess the risk of violence and abuse in schools, and where necessary, ensure that teachers or school officials who exploit girls' vulnerability and sexually abuse their students are prosecuted. Teacher training should reiterate that abuse, harassment or sexual relationships between school personnel and students can never be justified.
Adolescent girls should also be empowered to ensure they stop blaming themselves, and one another, for sexual abuse or exploitation and be given the tools to call out unlawful situations. All governments should ensure that schools teach students about sexuality and reproduction, in a way that speaks to adolescent girls, and boys', needs and doubts, not the government's
In the effort to end violence against girls in schools, governments and communities should remember that what girls wear to school will never justify any form of sexual abuse and exploitation by teachers, school officials or fellow classmates. There are no excuses for sexually exploiting or abusing students.
Elin Martínez is a children's rights researcher at Human Rights Watch.
From an article written by Daniel J. Solomon appearing at Fast Forward:
Jared Kushner is widely perceived as a moderate in President Donald Trump's White House — a socially liberal New Yorker hailing from a family of Democrats. But that impression might be wrong, according to reports that he's become a backer of chief strategist Steve Bannon's nationalist-populist agenda.
The latest court gossip reports that Trump's son-in-law – far from being furious about the Muslim ban – in fact supported it, Vanity Fair alleged based on an unnamed source said to be friendly with Kushner. The anonymous individual told the publication that Kushner has “always been far more defensive of Donald and their policies than the general public has believed. Most of the time, they are defending everything in the administration.” Kushner has even proposed knocking down the walls between their and Bannon's office, a sign of how close the two are, the magazine claimed.
Scroll for more content...
Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has declared victory in Mexico's presidential election, as preliminary results showed that the leftist veteran politician, who had presented themselves as an agent of change, secured a landslide win.
President-elect Lopez Obrador is estimated to have received over 53% of the vote, more than double the total of their closest rival, according to the country's electoral commission.
"Today, they have recognized our victory," Lopez Obrador, known by their initials AMLO, told a crowd of jubilant supporters at an event in Mexico City late Sunday local time.
President Enrique Peña Nieto called Lopez Obrador shortly beforehand to congratulate them and pledged to help them carry out an orderly transition. Lopez Obrador will formally take power on December 1.
Lopez Obrador had dominated the polls in the run up to Sunday's vote, at times holding a 20-point lead over their rivals. Within two hours of polls closing, three of their main rivals had conceded defeat.
In their speech to supporters, the President-elect said they would forge a new relationship with the US "rooted in mutual respect and in defense of our migrant countrymen who work and live honestly in that country."
They added migration should be done by choice, not because of necessity, promising to "strengthen the internal market to try to produce in the country what we consume and so that Mexicans can work and be happy where they were born, where their family is, where their customs and their cultures are."
Lopez Obrador also promised to tackle violence and wipe out corruption, which they said was the "result of a political regime in decay."
"We are absolutely certain that this evil is the principle cause of social inequality and of economic inequality," they said. "Because of corruption, violence has erupted in our country."
They added that they will pursue a peace plan with representatives of the United Nations, human rights and religious organizations, to help tackle the murder rate, which soared to an all-time high under Peña Nieto, whom critics accused of failing to adequately deal with crime, corruption and economic inequality.
US President Donald Trump congratulated AMLO in a tweet, saying they looked forward to working with him. "There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico," Trump said.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau also congratulated the new Mexican leader, saying the two countries "share common goals, strong people to people ties, and a mutually beneficial trading relationship that is the envy of the world."
"I look forward to working closely with President-elect López Obrador, their administration and the Mexican Congress to build on the vibrant partnership between our two countries, create economic growth that works for everyone, and advance human rights and equality," Trudeau said.
AMLO mania
For many of the 89 million eligible Mexican voters, Sunday's election was a referendum on the country's political elite and its economic direction, as well as the tenure of President Enrique Peña Nieto, who was limited to a single six-year term.
Speaking to CNN in Mexico City, where supporters of AMLO thronged the streets into the early hours of Monday morning, voter Maria del Carmen Munoz said they supported Lopez Obrador during their previous two unsuccessful bids for the Presidency "and the third time (was) the charm."
"I have supported them for so long because I believe in him, because the government we have is rotten," they said. Our youth must have a leader to believe in. I am already older, but the young must have faith and hope in a President."
Younger Mexicans, many of whom have grown up surrounded by rampant corruption and drug violence, were expected to have played a key role in choosing the country's direction. Nearly 13 million voters between the ages of 18 and 23 were expected to vote for the first time, according to election officials.
Dario Manuel Lopez Pineda's cited AMLO's record as leader of Mexico City as the reason for supporting him.
"He was the first to give universal pension to seniors, they created 16 high schools in marginal areas," they said. "He created such seemingly insignificant things such as permanent driver licenses so that the government would not keep taking money from the people."
Mexico's new leader will have to contend with Trump's threats to pull out of the North American Free Trade Agreement and their calls for the construction of a border wall between the two countries, among other divisive talking points. Lopez Obrador told voters that they are the person for the job.
Lopez Obrador pushed back against plans for a border wall in a book they wrote titled "Oye Trump," or "Listen Trump." They also pledged to propose to keep NAFTA.
They ran on a populist platform to break what they described as the grip that elites -- or "power mafia" --- have on Mexican society. They said they would lower the salaries of top officials and give those at the bottom a pay increase. They promised to sell presidential planes and turn the presidential palace into a public park.
BUDAPEST Hungary will cooperate with Iran on setting up a small nuclear reactor for scientific-educational purposes, Prime Minister Viktor Orban's chief of staff told a news conference on Thursday.
Janos Lazar said in response to a question that the cooperation will be within the framework of an agreement between Iran, the EU and the United States. They said the cooperation had been agreed during a visit by Orban to Iran in 2015.
"When the Prime Minister was there, we undertook to take part in jointly creating a mini nuclear plant with educational, scientific purposes, and now this agreement will be implemented," Lazar said.
(Reporting by Krisztina Than and Sandor Peto; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
WASHINGTON, April 6 The majority of House Freedom Caucus members will vote for a Republican healthcare bill if changes offered by the White House are included in the legislation, the head of the conservative group of House Republicans said on Thursday.
U.S. Representative Mark Meadows said the group wants to see health insurance coverage waivers related to community rating protections with the exception of gender, essential health benefits and guaranteed issue.
"If those offers that were made over the last couple of days actually appear in the legislation, the majority, if not almost all of the Freedom Caucus, will vote for this bill," they said at a Politico news event. (Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Susan Heavey and Chizu Nomiyama)
April 5 Costco Wholesale Corp:
* Costco wholesale corporation reports march sales results
* March sales rose 9 percent to $11.64 billion
* March U.S. Comparable sales up 7 pct
* March total company comparable sales 6 percent
* Excluding impacts from changes in gasoline prices and foreign exchange comparable sales for U.S. in March was 6 percent
* Costco Wholesale Corp -excluding impacts from changes in gasoline prices and foreign exchange comparable sales in March for total company was 5 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — A deal between the United States and Qatar for F-15 fighter jets and a visit to Doha by two American warships on Thursday showed the vital military links Washington maintains with a country now in a dispute with several other Arab nations.
Qatar remains the home of some 10,000 American troops at a major U.S. military base in the Mideast. So far, the dispute between Doha and nations led by Saudi Arabia has yet to shake that partnership, though cracks are showing in responses from President Donald Trump and their administration.
Meanwhile, the United Nations agency overseeing global air travel has acknowledged receiving complaints from Qatar about other nations cutting off flying routes for its long-haul state carrier, Qatar Airways. Those cuts have seen global air travel disrupted and threatened the airline's revenues.
In Washington, Qatari Defense Minister Khalid bin Mohammed al-Attiyah met Wednesday with U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and signed a deal for F-15 fighter jets it described as being worth $12 billion.
"Qatar and the United States have solidified their military cooperation by having fought together side by side for many years now in an effort to eradicate terrorism and promote a future of dignity and prosperity," al-Attiyah said in a statement.
The U.S. military announced a similar $21.1 billion deal in November for 72 F-15QA fighter jets for Qatar in the waning days of the Obama administration. It wasn't immediately clear if the two deals were one in the same. Qatari officials did not immediately respond to questions Thursday, though a State Department official connected the two sales.
The signing comes as Mattis has offered their support to Qatar in the past. Mattis formerly oversaw the U.S. military's Central Command, whose forward operating base is at the vast al-Udeid Air Base in Qatar. That base serves an important role in managing the fight against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria, as well as war in Afghanistan.
The State Department official, speaking to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity to discuss an internal matter publicly, said the sale will take years to complete.
Meanwhile, the USS Chinook, a coastal patrol ship, and U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Baranof both were in Doha on Thursday, said Cmdr. Bill Urban of the U.S. Navy's Bahrain-based 5th Fleet. They called the trip a "routine port visit," though Qatar's state-run news agency described the presence as being part of a "joint exercise" with the Qatari navy.
"U.S. 5th Fleet ships conduct similar port visits throughout the region as part of our normal operations," Urban told the AP.
The crisis between Qatar and its Arab neighbors, all U.S. allies, has put America in a delicate situation. Mattis has described Qatar as "moving in the right direction," while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said called for Arab Gulf nations to remain united.
Trump, meanwhile, repeatedly has accused Qatar of funding terrorist groups, one of the main allegations levied by Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain when they initially cut diplomatic ties on June 5.
Qatar long has been trying to secure its relations with the U.S., whether through hosting the American military base or an office for the Taliban, said David B. Roberts, an assistant professor at King's College London who recently wrote the book "Qatar: Securing the Global Ambitions of a City-State."
The recent mixed message from the Trump administration, however, has it working even harder, they said.
"Qatar long has wanted to make itself a particularly important ally for America where it can," Roberts said. "It has been a bit of a pain at times in other things ... but the American angle has often been very important."
The crisis has seen Saudi Arabia cut off its land border with Qatar, the host of the 2022 FIFA World Cup.
After an initial run on grocery stores by nervous residents, Qatar has organized dairy shipments from Turkey while Shiite power Iran also has begun shipping in food. Qatar's ties with Iran, with whom it shares a major offshore natural gas field, is another criticism of the Arab countries.
Doha also has begun running cargo shipments from ports in Oman after seeing its sea routes to the UAE's major ports cut off. But its cutoff air travel routes remain problematic.
Typically, Qatar Airways flights West flew over Saudi Arabia. But with that airspace now closed off, the airline is flying longer routes over Iran and Turkey. Its regional feeder flights in Saudi Arabia and the UAE also have been cut off.
Qatar has filed complaints to the Montreal-based International Civil Aviation Organization, a U.N. agency, calling the Arab nations' refusal to let it fly through their airspace illegal. In a statement, the organization said it would host ministers and senior officials from Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the UAE and Bahrain on Thursday.
"For now, we are working to bring these states together towards a solution which satisfies both their current regional concerns and the global needs and expectations of passengers and shippers," the statement said.
However, it remains unclear how the organization that doesn't issue binding rules could force the Arab nations to reopen their airspace to Qatar.
"If I was betting now, I would suggest this is going to go on for a very long time," Roberts said of the crisis.
___
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman in Washington contributed to this report.
___
This article was written by Jon Gambrell from The Associated Press and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network. Please direct all licensing questions to legal@newscred.com.
BRIEF-Richard Abbe reports 5.8 pct passive stake in CHF Solutions
* Richard Abbe reports 5.8 percent passive stake in CHF Solutions Inc as of june 6 - sec filing Source text - http://bit.ly/2sbOs0d Further company coverage:
THE CANADIAN PRESS
KENSINGTON, P.E.I. -- A police force in a tiny Prince Edward Island community is building an international audience for its social media page by using humour.
Const. Robb Hartlen of the Kensington Police Force says the humour is helping to get people to listen to serious messages on issues such as drinking and driving, winter safety, and drugs.
"Why not get away from just hammering down the message, and soften it up with a little bit of humour?," they said.
By Monday afternoon, more than a quarter of a million people had viewed a picture posted on April 20 -- or 4-20 Weed Day.
It shows a simple trap consisting of a box propped-up by a stick, with snack foods and video games as the bait.
"It was our tongue-in-cheek look at the stereotypes of, if you smoke weed you get the munchies and want to sit down and play video games," Hartlen said.
They said if they have a funny message one day, then they can do something more serious the next day.
Hartlen said they're not trying to be sensational, but instead trying to open a dialogue.
They said sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.
In 2016 the force had to apologize after a post said that drivers arrested for drinking and driving would be forced to listen to the band Nickelback.
That post had more than 23 million views before it was removed.
"Some people say that was a bad post, but I still look at it as a very positive post because it gave us a wider audience to follow up with an anti-drinking and driving message, which is what that message was in the first place," they said.
Earlier this year, the force posted a video describing the dangers of eating laundry detergent pods.
Hartlen said the Facebook page has given them the platform to talk about important messages and reach people well beyond the town's borders.
The force did a Facebook Live post with a veterinarian inside an enclosed car on a hot day to talk about what was happening. They also did one on the dangers of the drug fentanyl which has gotten about two million views.
Hartlen said while their initial efforts at humour raised some eyebrows with their bosses, they see the benefits of getting people to tune into the website on a regular basis.
"When you get the comical posts, people will keep following. Then you have the opportunity to do the serious posts," they said.
-- By Kevin Bissett in Fredericton.
Judge: Tennessee can't revoke licenses for unpaid court debt
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Tennessee officials can't keep revoking the driver's licenses of people who can't pay off their court debts, a federal judge wrote Monday in a decision that could have wider implications for similar policies in dozens of other states.
U.S. District Judge Aleta Trauger in Nashville wrote that revocations imposed under state law when a driver hasn't paid court debt for a year or more violate constitutional due process and equal protection rights and are "powerfully counterproductive."
Similar suspensions are allowed in more than 40 states. Lawsuits challenging them have been filed in at least five states over the past two years, contending that the punishments unfairly target poor people. The Tennessee class action case was brought on behalf of two indigent men affected by the law, James Thomas and David Hixson.
"If a person has no resources to pay a debt, they cannot be threatened or cajoled into paying it; they may, however, become able to pay it in the future," the judge wrote. "But taking their driver's license away sabotages that prospect."
Since the Tennessee law went into effect in 2012, only 7 percent of people who lost their licenses because of unpaid fines have been able to get them back, the group's lawsuit said. Tennessee revoked 146,211 driver's licenses from July 2012 to June 2016 under state law for failure to pay court debts, and only 10,750 licenses were reinstated, the ruling says.
The National Center for Law and Economic Justice, which helped lead the lawsuit, said the ruling will improve the lives of people who can't afford court debts.
"We just think this is going to have a tremendous impact on low-income people in Tennessee because so many people have been shut out of their driver's licenses, and with that, the ability to work, to take care of their families, to visit their doctors, even to run simple errands like grocery shopping," said Claudia Wilner, senior attorney for the National Center for Law and Economic Justice. "Now, people are going to be able to do all these things without fear of criminal consequences for driving on a revoked license."
Trauger ordered state officials to submit a plan within 60 days to stop revoking licenses over court debts and lift related previous license revocations that were based solely on failing to pay court debt or reinstatement fees.
State officials haven't decided yet whether to appeal.
"We are disappointed with the trial court's decision and are considering all of our legal options," said Kelly Smith, a senior adviser in Attorney General Herbert Slatery's office.
ITV is auditioning for their popular dating show Take Me Out - and they're looking for Bath's single residents to take part.
The show will once again be hosted by the charismatic Paddy McGuinness.
If you're successful with your application, you will be invited for an audition in Birmingham.
So if you are single, 18 or over and would like the opportunity to jet off to the beautiful Isle of Fernando's, then this how you can get the chance.
To request an application form, you can either click here or email takemeoutboys@thames.tv or takemeoutgirls@thames.tv
Meanwhile, TV Company Avalon is currently producing a new series for the BBC.
It will be called ‘The Button' and they're looking for households of two or more people to take part.
The show will entail households taking part in various challenges to win a cash prize.
A spokesperson for the show said: "Do you live in a household of 2 or more people?
"Are you all up for a good laugh?
"Fancy competing in a series of fun challenges together to win some cash without even having to leave your house?
“Then we want to hear from you.”
If you would like to apply for the new show, email thebutton@avalon-entertainment.com before August 28 when applications close.
The Zionist Organization of America, the oldest pro-Israel group in America, stood firm in its criticisms of under-fire National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster Monday — even as the U.S. Ambassador to Israel came to their defense.
The ZOA had previously issued a lengthy analysis of McMaster's behavior, in which it concluded that the national security advisor was anti-Israel and a threat to Trump's agenda, and called for McMaster to resign.
advertisement
However, the ZOA says U.S. Ambassador to Israel David Friedman wrote to President Morton Klein, claiming that their recommendation was “mistaken” and said they would like to “attempt to convince” Klein to change their position.
Axios's Jonathan Swan reported that Friedman had reached out to Klein, but that Klein was determined to “double down.”
I'm told that US ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, reached out to the Zionist Organization of America's Mort Klein to ask him… /1 — Jonathan Swan (@jonathanvswan) August 14, 2017
…to reconsider their attacks on HR McMaster. But I'm told Klein will soon double down on their attacks on McMaster. /2 — Jonathan Swan (@jonathanvswan) August 14, 2017
But in a statement released Monday, the ZOA stood by its analysis, although it said it would “welcome any new or different information or thoughts or opinions that the Ambassador might have or has that we need to and will consider.”
The organization then listed a number of criticisms of McMaster it would like to have addressed.
ZOA's concerns about General McMaster stems from many issues including their firing Trump loyalists who support Israel and oppose the Iran Deal; their hiring many who oppose Trump's policies especially on Israel and Iran; their refusal to acknowledge that the Western Wall is in Israel; their refusal to state that Israel's response to the terrorist group Hamas' rocket attacks against Israel was “ethical”: their refusal to acknowledge that Iran has violated the Iran Deal; their refusal to use the term “radical Islamic terrorism,” and much more.
The statement also noted that while many of the strongest critics of McMaster are extremely pro-Israel, those who back them are often anything but.
“Supporters of McMaster include the radical Islamic anti-Israel group CAIR, left wing, Trump-hating, Soros-funded anti-Israel group Media Matters, anti-Israel TV commentator Van Jones and others,” the statement says.
Friedman did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Breitbart News.
Key Trump officials, including President Trump himself, have backed McMaster in the face of continued concerns from Trump's base about McMaster's globalist outlook.
The Wall Street Journal last week issued a defense of McMaster, suggesting they were the victim of a plot from within the White House.
Until the arguments made by those such as the ZOA are properly engaged by McMaster supporters, however, it seems that those concerns and criticisms will continue.
Adam Shaw is a Breitbart News politics reporter based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
President Donald Trump denounced reporting from the New York Times and the Washington Post that said their campaign was communicating with Russia.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“Information is being illegally given to the failing New York Times and Washington Post by the intelligence community,” they wrote on Twitter, suggesting that the NSA and the FBI might be responsible. “Just like Russia,” they added.
The New York Times cited law enforcement and intelligence agency sources that intercepted communications from people close to Trump during the presidential campaign with Russian intelligence.
“The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by ‘intelligence' like candy,” Trump wrote. “Very un-American!”
That news is leading coverage of the president on cable and network news stations, prompting Trump's reaction on Twitter.
“The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred,” Trump wrote. “MSNBC and CNN are unwatchable. Fox and Friends is great!”
Trump called the reports “non-sense” and said they were “merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
They also praised Bloomberg columnist Eli Lake, for discussing their latest column on Fox News, pointing out that the damaging intelligence leaks were the kind of behavior seen in “banana republics.”
“We trust the NSA and the FBI to use these powers to catch criminals and terrorists but that should not interfere in our politics, and that stuff is interfering right now in our politics,” Lake said in an interview with Fox News host Sean Hannity.
Trump reminded the world that Russian President Vladimir Putin's unchecked aggression began during the Obama administration.
“Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration,” they wrote. “Was Obama too soft on Russia?”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Speaking from Freedom House within the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), Vice President Mike Pence delivered strong words to American and Republic of Korea (ROK) military troops, reassuring South Korea of U.S. commitment to denuclearization and warning North Korea that every option is on the table.
“The patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out, and we want to see change,” Pence warned.
Pence made clear that the U.S. wants to see the Democratic Peoples' Republic of Korea (DPRK), or North Korea, abandon “its nuclear program and its ballistic missile program” and that the U.S. hopes to see China take actions necessary to achieve this change.
The Vice President recalled more than a quarter-century ago, when the U.S. became aware North Korea's attempts at developing a nuclear weapon:
We want to see North Korea abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons. And also its continual use of and testing of ballistic missiles is unacceptable. That clarity we hope will be received in North Korea, and that they will understand that the United States of America, the people of South Korea, our allies across the region are resolved to achieve our objectives through peaceable means or ultimately by whatever means are necessary to protect the interest, the security of the people of South Korea and to bring stability to the region.
They went on to tell the group:
We are heartened by the support of allies across the Asia Pacific, including China, who will continue to advance this objective on the Korean Peninsula. And I'm here to express the resolve of the people of the United States and the President of the United States to achieve that objective through peaceable means, through negotiations, but all options are on the table as we continue to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the people of South Korea for the denuclearization of this peninsula and for the long-term prosperity and freedom of the people of South Korea.
Pence again recalled their father's military service in the Korean War. “People across the world should know that the bonds between our people are not simply strategic and military and economic, but they are personal, and they span generations of Americans and South Koreans,” they said.
Asked about what role China could have in denuclearizing North Korea, Pence stated that they and the President are “heartened by some initial steps that China has taken in this regard, but we look for them to do more.”
The Vice President said that they and the President hope to achieve denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula “through peaceable means” with the cooperation of China, South Korea, Japan, and other allies in the region.
“All options are on the table to achieve the objectives and ensure the security of the people of this country and the stability of this region,” said the Vice President, who was clear that the Administration stands by its policy of not talking about military tactical decisions. They also reaffirmed that the U.S. stands with the people of South Korea.
Asked what message they had for the “people on the other side of this line,” Pence responded, “We seek peace, but America has always sought peace through strength. And my message here today standing with U.S. Forces Korea, standing with courageous soldiers from the Republic of Korea, is a message of resolve.”
“The alliance between South Korea and the United States is ironclad. We will fulfill that alliance for the sake of our people and the people of South Korea,” Pence continued. They went on to say, “As the President has made very clear, either China will deal with this problem or the United States and our allies will.”
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
A magnitude 5.0 earthquake struck Botswana in the early hours of Wednesday, two days after a strong 6.5-magnitude tremor shook the southern African country, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
It said the latest quake struck at 2:55 a.m. (1955 ET) and was centered 159 miles (255 km) north of the capital, Gaborone. It was very shallow, only 6.2 miles (10 km), so it would have been felt more. But it was unlikely to have caused much damage.
Monday's quake sent shockwaves across the country, but there were no reports of casualties or damage.
(Reporting by Sandra Maler in Washington; Editing by Peter Cooney)
NEW YORK, March 29 U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, said on Wednesday that Syria's President Bashar al-Assad is a "big hindrance in trying to move forward" to find an end to the country's six-year conflict.
"I'm not going to go back into should Assad be in or out, been there, done that, right, in terms of what the U.S. has done," they told the Council of Foreign Relations. "But I will tell you that they are a big hindrance in trying to move forward, Iran is a big hindrance in trying to move forward." (Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Melissa Benoist is trading in their Supergirl cape for a place at Carole King's piano.
The actor, 29, is making their Broadway debut this summer in the title role of Beautiful: The Carole King Musical — and PEOPLE's got the exclusive first look at them in costume.
“I am so excited to join the amazingly talented Beautiful family and make my Broadway debut!” Benoist tells PEOPLE in a statement. “The stage has always felt like home to me. Carole King's iconic music was a mainstay in my house growing up and now it will be my honor and pleasure to sing their music and portray their inspiring story of resilience every night.”
“This is wish fulfillment at its finest!” they continued, later writing on Instagram, “I could not be more excited.”
Melissa Benoist Joan Marcus
Benoist, who had their breakout role in Glee‘s fourth and fifth seasons as Marley Rose and plays Kara/Supergirl on The CW's superhero series, is currently still in rehearsals for the musical.
They will begin performances at the New York City's Stephen Sondheim Theatre on June 7th, for a limited run through August 4.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Melissa Benoist Jim Spellman/WireImage
RELATED VIDEO: Supergirl‘s Melissa Benoist and Blake Jenner Finalize Divorce
Beautiful: The Carole King Musical tells the story of the early life and career of the famed singer-songwriter set to a soundtrack of their greatest hits — including “So Far Away,” “Will You Love Me Tomorrow,” “I Feel the Earth Move,” “You've Got a Friend” and “(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman.”
The show opened on Broadway in 2014 and won a Tony Award for actor Jessie Mueller, who originated the role of Carole King.
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Univar Inc:
* UNIVAR ANNOUNCES CEO SUCCESSION PLAN
* ‍BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS SELECTED DAVID JUKES AS COMPANY‘S PRESIDENT AND CEO EFFECTIVE MAY 9, 2018​
* STEPHEN NEWLIN, COMPANY‘S CURRENT CHAIRMAN AND CEO, WILL BECOME EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN OF UNIVAR‘S BOARD OF DIRECTORS
* UNIVAR BOARD OF DIRECTORS ALSO EXPECTS TO APPOINT JUKES TO BOARD AT TIME OF Their PROMOTION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A group of burglars wearing balaclavas burst into a house and threw a 'noxious substance' in a man's face, leaving them with breathing problems.
The incident happened as part of a botched burglary in the early hours of the morning today (Friday).
The group, wearing balaclavas, went into the house before throwing a noxious substance at the resident when confronted.
The substance - some sort of ammonia - led to the victim being taken to hospital with breathing problems.
But the burglars left empty-handed and fled the scene in a black Range Rover.
The incident occurred at around 1.15am (06/10) on Bell Street, Upton, Wakefield.
The resident, a man in their 30s, was taken to hospital for treatment. Their condition is described as not being life threatening.
Detective Inspector Dave Watts, of Wakefield District CID, said: “The liquid used was found to be ammonia based and led to the victim having respiratory issues. They remain in hospital at this time in a serious, but not life-threatening condition.
“We are continuing to carry out extensive enquiries into the incident and would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the burglary or who has any information that could assist the investigation.
“We would also like to hear from anyone who saw a black Range Rover driving in the area at the time of the incident.”
Anyone with information is asked to contact Wakefield District CID via 101 quoting crime number 13170462259 or call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Pope Francis thanked the athletes for their exhibition “which was a show of the will for peace, the two Koreas together.”
Taekwondo athlethes from South Korea perform for Pope Francis during their weekly general audience in St. Peter's Square, at the Vatican, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia)
South Korean taekwondo athletes have performed for Pope Francis, after a planned show of Korean unity at the Vatican fell apart when the North pulled out at the last minute.
Pope Francis didn't seem to notice or mind, thanking the athletes Wednesday for their exhibition “which was a show of the will for peace, the two Koreas together.”
South Korea's World Taekwondo organization, the Seoul-led international body, said last week that a demonstration team from the North withdrew from the performance over the U.S.-South Korean military drills.
The performance had been planned to ceremonially open the World Taekwondo's Grand Prix competition this week in Rome.
The South's team performed for thousands of people in St. Peter's Square and featured a young girl releasing a dove in a sign of peace.
Related: South Korea to remove propaganda loudspeakers at border
Related: North Korea demolishes nuke test site with series of blasts
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CASS TOWNSHIP, Pa. - Pennsylvania State Police are searching for the person who killed a dog by burying it alive in a cage.
Workers at the Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA say this is the worst case of animal cruelty they've ever seen, according to WNEP. They say when they found the dog's body near Minersville, there was no doubt it was intentionally left there to die.
Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA workers took photos to show the gruesome discovery - dog cage buried in the ground, covered with some old pieces of wood.
"I was in shock. I've never seen anything like what I have seen. It was horrid. Horrid. I don't even have the words to explain it. Barbaric. Tortured. Horrid," said animal cruelty officer Bridget Barder.
The SPCA got a call over the weekend that led animal cruelty officers into the woods off Thomaston Road near Minersville. There they found a pit bull locked in a cage that was partially buried in the ground.
"Whoever did this went to great effort and was sick," said SPCA manager Lori Sult. "They basically built a torture chamber for this dog."
SPCA workers estimate the dog had been left there for about two months.
Workers say it appears the dog starved to death.
SPCA manager Lori Sult says that whoever left the dog in the woods had options. They could have taken it to either one of the two SPCA facilities in the county.
"If you don't want to deal with the SPCAs, not that it would be the right thing to do, but if you're going to dump an animal, just release it," Sult said.
Now that state police are involved, Sult and the rest of the SPCA community are hoping the person responsible will be brought to justice.
"This dog died a horrible, horrible death. There was just so many other options. The dog did not have to die this way."
The Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA is offering a reward for information on this case. If you know anything about the dog, you're asked to contact state police in Frackville.
A GoFundMe account has been set up to contribute to the reward.
Patrick Nolan is wanted for murder and arson and could be hiding in South Mississippi right now. (Photo Source: Sandy Springs Police Dept.)
Police are still searching for the man they say murdered their girlfriend in Georgia, and now there's a $10,000 reward being offered for their capture. Patrick Nolan, 43, is accused of killing Amber Holliman. The 39-year-old's body was found Saturday inside their burning home. Investigators believe Nolan shot them and left them to burn.
Arrest warrants have been obtained charging Nolan with murder, aggravated assault with intent to murder and first-degree arson. Both Nolan and Holliman grew up on the coast. Friends said the two moved to Georgia just a few years ago.
News of Amber Holliman's murder has sent shock waves through their family, friends, and those who work in the coast food and beverage industry. It's an industry they made their career. Robbie Mason's friendship with the Mercy Cross graduate began in 2003 when they worked as bartenders at Adventures Pub and Spirits when it was located at Howard Avenue.
"She was an amazing, amazing woman. They were very caring, very giving. They were very forgiving. They would do anything to help anyone at any time,” said Mason.
Mason said Holliman was a busy, single mom, who raised their daughter on their own. But they said they still made time to help them through a painful loss in their life.
"When I first met them it was a hard time in my life and they were always there and made sure I had things that I needed and was okay,” said Mason.
Aaron Raymond recalls trivia nights with Holliman. It's was their strong will that stands out most to him.
"Witty, funny, clever, very intelligent. They could hold a conversation with anybody about anything. Some people can just be a listener, but some people can give you things to think about and that was the way they were at communicating,” said Aaron Raymond.
Mason and Raymond said they were well liked by their co-workers and regulars and they said they had a close-knit circle of friends. But they said they never really knew Patrick Nolan, who is the man they say they started dating about seven years ago.
"He just seemed to be a shady character. Someone you would never trust with anything. They would never give up on anyone. I guess that was their undoing in the end,” said Mason.
Mason and Raymond are reminiscing about the good times. There's no way they'll ever let their memory be forgotten.
"I hope to see them again someday,” said Raymond.
"I love you. You're going to be missed,” said Mason.
Police said Nolan could be driving a blue 2006 Ford Explorer with a Georgia tag number PYZ1420. According to reports out of Georgia, their last known location was in southern Louisiana on Saturday afternoon.
Patrick Nolan has ties in Mississippi, Colorado, and Florida. If you have any information on their whereabouts, you are asked to call your local authorities or the Sandy Springs Police Department at (770) 551-3300. (Photo source: Sandy Springs Police Dept.)
Copyright WLOX 2018. All rights reserved.
Construction workers in Hong Kong made two frightening discoveries last week.
While digging deep in one of the busiest districts of this bustling city, they uncovered two unexploded bombs dropped during World War II. Both bombs were found in the same construction site within a span of five days.
By the time CNN arrived at the scene last Wednesday, police had blocked off traffic on the coastal road that runs between Victoria Harbor and the skyscrapers. The bomb squad was parked in front of a roped off construction pit holding the partially-buried bomb; the officers suited up in heavy black helmets, some of them coated in mud.
Thousands of people were evacuated. A nearby Starbucks and other cafes and restaurants overlooking the construction site were shuttered and closed.
Bomb disposal officer Alick McWhirter identified the unexploded ordinance as a "1,000-pound, general-purpose aircraft bomb" dropped by US warplanes when this former British colony was occupied by Japanese forces.
Their team would spend the next 24 hours working to safely defuse a weapon that had been buried for more than 70 years.
It is hard to imagine that dangerous relics from a murderous, bygone era can still lie buried somewhere beneath Hong Kong's glittering skyscrapers and heaving shopping malls.
Yes, the green hills of this city are still dotted with immaculately preserved cemeteries and monuments to the many victims of World War II.
But the horrors of what happened more than 70 years ago seem increasingly irrelevant to people buried in their smart phones as they are transported on subway trains and ferry boats to and from work.
The unexploded World War II bombs that authorities periodically discover here and in other countries like Germany are far more than just historical curiosities. They serve as reminders of the insidious legacy of conflict.
I'll never forget the stern warning someone gave me when I first arrived in Afghanistan in 2001: "Don't step off the road when you get out of the car."
Hidden minefields dotted the countryside. Throughout decades of war, the Soviets and warring mujaheddin factions seeded the ground with explosive death traps.
Every time I stepped out of a car on a long, bruising road trip through the Afghan mountains, I had to remind myself of the sinister threat that lay somewhere beneath the ground.
Far more frightening, the impact these mines had on a population of Afghan farmers and herders who struggled to eke out a living on the booby-trapped soil.
If they were lucky, someone placed a little metal red flag emblazoned with a frightening skull and crossbones to mark a danger zone. And in some places, brave individuals from organizations like HALO Trust were doing the painstaking, perilous work of clearing land mines.
When I arrived in Afghanistan in November 2001, it was the start of a US bombing campaign. From miles in the air, American warplanes unloaded devastating payloads on Taliban targets.
This new generation of bombs landed on a country that had barely begun to clean up the explosives left from a previous round of fighting.
Not wanting to miss out on the action, the Taliban has also spent much of the next 17 years burying their own mines and bombs on Afghan roads and trails.
Civilians always face the worst fallout from this type of warfare.
But if you're curious to hear what it's like to survive a direct strike from one of these weapons, look at the work of the incredible South African photographer Joao Silva.
They lost both their legs to a landmine in southern Afghanistan in 2010. Somehow, they managed to snap several photos taken just seconds after the explosion.
Sadly, Afghanistan isn't the only country to harvest dangerous crops of unexploded munitions.
In 2002, I remember navigating past the checkpoints of rival Kurdish militias in northern Iraq, gazing at hillsides sprouting those frightening little landmine warning signs.
The next year, one of those mines claimed the life of a veteran Iranian photographer named Kaveh Golestan. They were killed after the journalists they traveled with unwittingly parked their car next to an unmarked minefield.
Cambodia has long been described as one of the most heavily mined countries in the world. In 2016, the southeast Asian nation marked a grim accomplishment. For the first time that year, Cambodia's annual casualty rate from land mines buried during the 1970s and 1980s dropped below 100 people killed and injured.
On a near daily basis, we see footage of bloody, dust-covered civilians dragged from the rubble of homes shattered by barrel bombs and airstrikes in Syria.
But the fact is, long after the shooting stops and the tears dry in Syria, Yemen, Libya and eastern Ukraine, civilian populations will face the additional threat of thousands of unexploded rockets and bombs, landmines and grenades embedded in the ground beneath their feet and in the foundations of their homes.
There is perhaps a glimmer of hope. In 1945, after more than three years of brutal Japanese occupation, Hong Kong was home to a traumatized population that had witnessed food shortages, atrocities and prison camps.
Emerging from the horrors of World War II, few residents then could have imagined that their city would one day grow into a sparkling, remarkably safe city.
More than seventy years later, Hong Kong is the kind of place where a long-buried, 1,000-pound device designed to kill people ... instead briefly shutters a Starbucks.
Michael Tutton, THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- The developers of Canada's only commercial spaceport are shooting for as many as a dozen rockets to blast off per year from a proposed site near a small community on Nova Scotia's eastern shore.
Proponents of the project gathered in a Halifax boardroom on Monday to plan the next steps, which will rely first on the province approving an environmental assessment plan early next year.
Stephen Matier, president of Maritime Launch Services Ltd., was in an upbeat mood following the meeting, saying the group is expecting to be building in May 2018.
"With a launch date of 2020, and 18 months of construction and six months of commissioning, you can see where we've got to get to groundbreaking. So this is an important and key time for us," said the executive, who represents a consortium of three U.S.-based space firms.
They presented rocket designers and executives from Ukrainian-based Yuzhnoye Design with a case of Rocket Lager craft beer -- recently created in Guysborough County by a craft brewer and featuring an astronaut on its label.
The project doesn't plan to put humans into space, but is rather squarely aimed at attracting consortiums of firms that want to put satellites into orbit for commercial purposes such as near-Earth imaging and global Internet broadband services.
"Why are we doing this? There's a huge market out there for satellites to get put into space and there's a real lack of launch capability to be able to do that," said Matier.
They said the first round of satellite launches their firm is aiming for begins in 2021 and 2022, and the initial goal for the company would be one to three launches a year, with a near-term goal of eight launches annually.
Maksym Degtiarov, a rocket design executive with Yuzhnoye State Design Office, was on hand for the news conference to say the Ukrainian firm is prepared to ramp up its production of Cyclone-4M medium-lift rockets to supply the site.
"We expect it to happen up to 12 times a year. From six to 12 times a year," they said. Matier added the firm is capable of producing about one of the rockets every 29 days.
Degtiarov said each launch would take up to two minutes and from three kilometres away would sound no louder than a commercial aircraft.
It's estimated the rocket will move over 20,000 metres through the sky within 105 seconds, with the public able to view the spectacle from vantage points at Little Dover, N.S., about eight kilometres south of Canso, said Matier.
Yuzhnoye State Design Office is the rocket design company that works under the State Space Agency of Ukraine but operates commercially. A second firm, Yuzhmash, is a manufacturing company and operates the same way and builds what Yuzhnoye designs.
Overall, the project is a private-sector venture, but will require the province's environmental approvals and further regulatory approvals for launching procedures.
Matier said their firm will want satellite launch customers to begin putting forward downpayments by the beginning of next year for the preparation of their rockets and the launching costs.
"There's an 18-month schedule ahead of the launch date where they need to start making some of these downpayments and that will accrue in an escrow (account) as we're moving forward," explained.
"Financing continues. It's that kind of project. You're always building your financial structure," they said.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
* Automakers' April U.S. sales drop; GM, Ford fall
* Advanced Micro tumbles after results; Coach soars
* Fed kicks off two-day meeting; statement due Wednesday
* Dow up 0.04 pct, S&P down 0.05 pct, Nasdaq down 0.09 pct (Updates to late afternoon)
By Lewis Krauskopf
May 2 U.S. stocks were little changed on Tuesday as an Apple-led rise in the tech sector countered weakness in auto stocks and investors digested a heavy day of earnings reports.
Ford shares dropped 4.2 percent and General Motors fell 2.9 percent, as major automakers posted declines in U.S. new vehicle sales for April.
Apple shares rose 0.5 percent ahead of the iPhone maker's quarterly results due later on Tuesday.
Investors also were awaiting other significant events later in the week, including Wednesday's expected statement from the Federal Reserve, which began meeting on Tuesday, and Friday's U.S. employment report.
The Fed is widely expected to stand pat on interest rates, but may offer hints on the possibility of a rate hike in June.
The S&P 500 is approaching record highs during an earnings season that has generally exceeded expectations.
Overall, profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 13.9 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"The technicals in general look good for the S&P," Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama. "The fundamentals are improving, particularly as the earnings season unfolds here."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 9.39 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,922.85 and the S&P 500 lost 1.08 points, or 0.05 percent, to 2,387.25.
The Nasdaq Composite dropped 5.67 points, or 0.09 percent, to 6,085.93, after eking out an intraday record high earlier in the session.
The technology sector rose 0.2 percent, on track for its fourth straight day of gains.
Energy shares fell 0.8 percent as oil prices weakened.
In earnings news, Advanced Micro Devices tumbled 22.5 percent after the chipmaker's second-quarter gross margins forecast raised some concerns. The stock was the biggest percentage decliner in the S&P 500.
Archer Daniels Midland sank 8.6 percent and CVS Health fell 3 percent after their respective reports.
Coach shares rose 11.5 percent, making them the biggest gainers on the S&P, as the handbag maker cut back on discounting in the United States and sold more expensive bags.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.23-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.45-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 46 new 52-week highs and 9 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 139 new highs and 43 new lows. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Nick Zieminski)
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears plans to continue their Las Vegas residency after the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Related: Britney Spears Shares Fashion Week Runway Show from Home
Spears posted a message to their social media accounts letting fans know that the show must go on. “We'll get through this together. See you Wednesday,” they wrote adding the hashtag #VegasStrong.
Spears will be performing their Britney: Piece of Me residency at Planet Hollywood through December.
For the cost of a good hotel room (on a per-person, per-night basis), you get a mostly all-inclusive break from our whirling hyper-culture. It unspools you to the sea. You are still attached to the world, yes, but barely so. It's a kind of magical-thinking aquamarine summer suburbia, a dreamy distillation of middle-class Americana, minus the drudgery of lawn mowing and dish washing. It is the pleasure of the familiar with just enough variety to feel, in the vaguest possible sense, adventurous.
The arms-length ironic detachment with which so many of us (OK, me) lead our day-to-day land lives simply doesn't work when surrounded by a thousand fleshy strangers in swimsuits. Accommodation to imperfections, those of others and ourselves, must be made. Out there in the balmy breezes, where the average age is far north of Madison Avenue's desirable demographics, coolness falls away, as unnecessary and cumbersome as a poolside leather jacket.
Nothing is cool on the Summit. How could it be? Cool feels phony while self-assembling tacos under the "Mexican Corner" sign at the Oceanview Cafe. Cool requires a certain snootiness, which may be appropriate when weighing whether to watch "The Big Bang Theory" or "Atlanta," but doesn't do much good when deciding between playing bingo or Baggo (a beanbag-tossing game). Both are equally uncool. In fact, every activity in the ship's daily circular reads like the itinerary of a well-meaning but dorky youth minister: "11:00 a.m. Scrapbooking Session With the Cruise Director Staff"? The 2:15 "Port vs. Starboard Pool Volleyball" match? "Foyer Jams With Chris Hawks" running until 8:45? All decidedly uncool-sounding. But I went to two of these events, foyer jams and volleyball (as a spectator, not a participant), and they were fun. Not supposedly so. Just fun.
In their essay, Wallace complained about (among other things), feeling infantilized aboard the Nadir, about being "pampered," which they compared to "a certain other consumer product" (actual Pampers, that is). He's right in their description, but wrong in their conclusion. Yes, the cruise is set up as a deeply maternal experience, a place of nurturing, even coddling. It dispenses care with the gentleness of a mom tending to a kid with a sore throat. Ice cream, for example, is available, in multiple locations. But where Wallace felt infantilized, I feel gratitude. A lot of us need care. Not just the many wobbly older passengers, but the younger ones, too. The harried parents, the cop from North Carolina, the New Jersey couple explaining to some first-timers why they cruise: "You're forced to do nothin'."
My cruise was filled with couples of every age, race and gender configuration, some with kids, most without. A lot of couples seemed to be cruising with friends. A bunch of triple-generation families were traveling together, and there was one large Filipino family reunion of about 15 or 16: I know because they wore matching (decidedly uncool) teal T-shirts. Also on board was a group of veterans of Vietnam and other foreign wars, and it was touching to watch these older guys sitting beside comrades in arms, baseball caps naming their service branches and their wars.
Until I met another solo traveler while waiting to clear customs after the cruise, I thought I was the only person on the whole ship traveling alone. Turns out the other solo passenger is an accomplished Washington-based legislative aide and occasional guided history tour operator who gives "talks to drunk guys about John Adams." I asked if they were able to avoid work while onboard. No, they said, with a sigh. Calls still needed returning, emails needed responses. But they preferred to do it from a deck chair, alone.
Wallace was alone, too, which probably enhanced their despair. Cruising is an activity of togetherness. One goes to be with people. You can certainly spend plenty of time alone on a cruise liner, as I did, napping (daily) in my stateroom, or sitting by myself staring out the Rendezvous' windows toward the horizon in what I hoped was a sexy, forlorn way. But aloneness on a cruise ship is something one has to make efforts to achieve; it is not the natural state.
All week long, people leaned in to each other, touched each other and talked. Most of the conversations I overheard (that is, blatantly eavesdropped on) involved the food: a conversation about the exact viscosity of an egg yolk; an older woman with swollen legs and Velcro-strapped black sneakers emitting actual, full-throated moans of joy to their husband upon sampling their dinner, sound gurgling out of their like bubbles in a mud spring. "Uuaaggghhh! My God, it's delicious," they said. "This pork loin is delicious. Uuaaggghhh."
But sometimes the talk turned a bit more introspective. As I ate my morning cereal midway through the cruise, I listened to two women in their 60s seated together, huddled over their breakfast plates, reminiscing about past marriages:
"You didn't want kids?"
"I did. They didn't."
"But that was unfair to you."
They shrugged. "I wouldn't have gotten involved, but I was 35 ..."
Oatmeal with a side of O. Henry. There were a lot of conversations like that, the kinds of intimate talks that only happen when people are relaxed enough to let the words fall where they may. Whether the subject was pork loin or marriage, the topic at hand seemed less important than the state of togetherness.
Close quarters among guests and crew demand constant interaction, which results in one of the best qualities of a leisure cruise: civility. For a week, I never heard a single argument. I never even heard a raised voice. People treated each other well, and I can't count the number of times I heard guests asking crew members questions about their lives: their time at sea, their families, their adventures ashore. Everybody seemed to care.
The crew, for their part, was polite and attentive without ever crossing into obsequiousness. One server, a Jamaican guy named Donovan, roamed the Oceanview Cafe every morning during breakfast hours singing made-up songs about coffee. Sample lyrics: "Coffee is bubbling/ I'm coming/ I'm coming with your coffee-o/ So please hold up your cup-o." Uncool? Yes. Off-key and maybe inching a little too close to cultural stereotype? You bet. But also wonderful.
Those who object to cruises often do so for reasons that extend beyond their lack of street cred. The cruise industry gets knocked around for the long hours and often hectic conditions of the people in its employ. I can't speak to that other than to say I spent some time patrolling message boards for Celebrity employees. Reviews seem about as mixed as you would find at any high-stress place of employment. Honestly, I was expecting worse.
As for the cruise industry's woeful environmental record, I ignored that for the duration of my cruise because I am a monster, but for the record, Celebrity received an overall grade of D+ from the Friends of the Earth, an environmental advocacy organization, in 2016. Not good. The green-nosers at Disney got the highest grade, an A-.
All this onboard civility is probably not an accident. Perhaps it is even a low-key necessity. No matter how much you dress up a boat, it is still, in the end, a boat, and as we all know, boats are vulnerable vessels. At our mandatory pre-cruise evacuation drill, a chipper fire marshal reminds us that even a megaship is only one misplaced cigarette butt from disaster. As such, each of the five cruises I've been on over the years shared a pervasive spirit of cooperation. People are perhaps a little kinder to one another when they know their vacation could end in a cramped lifeboat fighting over pelican scraps.
That's not to say there aren't moments of conflict. On my cruise, I heard an unconfirmed tale of a woman caught in another guest's room in what I understood to be a case of unappreciated seduction. The woman was promptly remanded to the ship's onboard brig. Much speculation was given to how they managed to sneak into a room without a key card, known on Celebrity as a SeaPass. The theory was that they somehow entered from the outside balcony slider, which would have necessitated some kind of Spider-Woman-level scaling of the ship's exterior. Which, I'm sorry, is kind of awesome.
If I had one objection to life aboard the Summitit's the endless upselling. The weeklong cruise cost $1,915.50 (plus airfare to San Juan, Puerto Rico); at every turn, somebody was offering the opportunity to spend more. During each meal, for example, servers would swing by to ask if I wanted to purchase the "beverage package." When I declined, they would tip over my table's large, prominent drink menu, as if they were knocking over my king after a game of chess.
Also available for purchase: spa treatments, acupuncture, Raymond Weil watches with faces "celebrating the iconic Beatles," lots and lots of tanzanite jewelry, on-demand movies, dockside photos, studio photographic portraits, all manner of sundries, terrible "art gallery" art, specialty dining options and, oddly, Apple computers.
The worst deal on the ship, though, is the Wi-Fi package, which runs $259 for the week. What kind of sucker spends that kind of money to browse Twitter? Me, apparently. In my defense, in addition to tweeting, I also wanted to be able to FaceTime with my wife and kids, and, once purchased, the internet was surprisingly reliable and fast. The upside of this absurd cost is that most people refrained, keeping noses away from iPhones and, instead, buried in books. I will be a snob about this one thing: I like seeing people read.
Did I mention ports of call? I did not. The destinations along the way are not the point. At least, not for me. But if you must know, we stopped in St. Thomas, St. Maarten and Bermuda. I barely got off the boat. I don't like the beach and had no desire to Jet Ski or wander tourist stalls, but I did spend a mesmeric half-hour on my balcony in St. Maarten watching cranes stack and unstack shipping containers on the pier. Guilt compelled me to do some shopping in Bermuda for the asupervisorstioned wife and kids, who were unable to cruise with me due to school or whatever it is they do when I am relaxing at sea.
Our vacation lives are often a frenetic extension of our work lives. So many of us have come to view our scant downtime as a call to action, an opportunity for challenge and growth instead of a moment of rest. A recent article in Travel + Leisure offered the 50 best options for people looking for "heart-stopping adventure, a close-up look at history, or the perfect meal." All three of those options stress me out. Between my son's SAT prep and my daughter's hectic field hockey schedule, I have enough adventure.
And I don't want the "perfect" meal. I want a cheeseburger. Simple, banal, uncool. Cheeseburgers are delicious. I think a lot of people just want a cheeseburger.
Court finds fault with Ferguson district's election method
ST. LOUIS (AP) — An appeals court ruled Tuesday that a Missouri school district that includes students from Ferguson violated the federal Voting Rights Act in its method of electing board members.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sided with a lower court judge who in 2016 ordered the Ferguson-Florissant School District to adopt cumulative voting, which allows people to cast as many votes as there are candidates and to use all of their votes on one candidate if they choose. The order was on hold pending appeals.
The case stems from a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of the NAACP and black parents and residents who alleged racial bias in the district's current at-large election process, in which people vote only once for a candidate. The suit alleged that the at-large system made it more difficult for black candidates to win election.
"The courts have ruled yet again that the Ferguson-Florissant school district's election system illegally dilutes African-American voting power," Julie Ebenstein, an attorney with the ACLU's Voting Rights Project, said in a statement. "The decision takes another step toward dismantling systematic bias in local elections, and ensuring that all communities' interests are equally represented."
Cindy Ormsby, an attorney for the school district, said they were "extremely disappointed" by the ruling. They said the board will meet soon to consider whether to ask the full appeals court to consider the case.
Racial concerns in Ferguson were highlighted after 18-year-old Michael Brown, who was black and unarmed, was fatally shot by a white police officer in August 2014. The officer, Darren Wilson, was not charged and later resigned. The city of Ferguson reached a consent agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice aimed at addressing racial bias in its police and courts.
The lawsuit against the school district was filed in 2014, when six of the seven board members were white, even though about four-fifths of the district's 11,000 students were black.
The current racial makeup of the board is four white and three black members.
Applying for an Australian work visa is set to become harder for Irish people.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has announced that he's scrapping the 457 temporary work visa, which allows people work in the country for up to four years once they're sponsored by an emplyer.
The visa will be replaced with a new category to give Australians priority for jobs.
Over 2,000 Irish people applied for the Visa last year. Current holders will not be affected by the move.
Turnbull used Facebook to announce the new policy:
March 30 GAG Immobilien AG:
* Said on Wednesday participates in the development of the new residential district "Junkersdorfer Stadtgärten" in the west of Koeln
* Signed an agreement with project developer Bonava for 75 apartments and a day care centre
* Completion and transfer of new buildings to GAG are planned for the first quarter of 2019
Source text - bit.ly/2oe1dbG
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Reuters) - Leicester City boss Claude Puel said forward Riyad Mahrez would not be in the squad for Saturday's Premier League clash against Swansea City, but that they would be welcomed back if they can “clear their head” after the Algerian missed another training session following their collapsed transfer to Manchester City.
According to reports in British media, Leicester were unable to agree terms with City over a deadline day sale of the 26-year-old on Wednesday after they had submitted a transfer request.
Mahrez has since been absent from training sessions but Puel believes the player has a future at the King Power Stadium and remains a crucial part of the squad.
“Riyad is not available for this game. All I can say about the situation is that this is the best decision for Leicester, in the best interests of Leicester. It is also the best decision for Riyad,” Puel told a news conference on Friday.
”The position with Riyad, we will assess after the transfer window. It is a tough decision for us to manage now.
“It is important now to move on and to keep our focus on the pitch. I hope Riyad can clear their head and come back with us as they are a valuable player for us and crucial in our play. We will deal with their side and the club, not in public.”
Mahrez, an instrumental figure in the club's remarkable Premier League title triumph in 2016, has scored nine goals and made seven assists in all competitions this season.
The Archdiocese of Kansas City, Kansas, is banning Girl Scout troops from meeting in its parishes because "they are no longer a compatible partner" in promoting a Catholic lifestyle.
Instead, Christian-based scouts known as American Heritage Girls are being invited to take their place in the U.S. mid-Western parishes, Archbishop Joseph Naumann said in a statement on Monday.
The decision was based in part, Naumann said, on the Girl Scouts' ties to the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts, "an organization tied to International Planned Parenthood and its advocacy for legislation that includes both contraception and abortion as preventive health care for women."
Neither the Girl Scouts nor the Kansas City archdiocese immediately responded to a Reuters request for comment.
On its website, the Girl Scouts says it does not take a position or develop materials on human sexuality, birth control or abortion and does not have a relationship with Planned Parenthood.
Naumann said in the statement said that undesirable role models in Girl Scout materials include birth control activist Margaret Sanger and feminists Betty Friedan and Gloria Steinem, who "not only do not reflect our Catholic worldview but stand in stark opposition to what we believe.
"With the promotion by Girl Scouts USA (GSUSA) of programs and materials reflective of many of the troubling trends in our secular culture, they are no longer a compatible partner in helping us form young women with the virtues and values of the Gospel," they said.
Parishes were directed to switch their after-school club option to American Heritage Girls troops, either immediately or at the latest in autumn for kindergarten or older students, Naumann said.
The Girl Scouts' U.S. membership includes 1.9 million girls and 800,000 adults of all denominations, according to its website.
American Heritage Girls describes itself its website as "the premier national character development organization for young women that embraces Christian values." It says it has 970 troops in the United States, and 42,000 members worldwide.
Parents, including Maria Walters, a former Girl Scout leader in the archdiocese and mother of two scouts, told the Kansas City Star they were frustrated and irritated by the order.
"I feel we should all be together as one in the community," Walters told the newspaper. "This does nothing but divide us."
(Reporting by Barbara Goldberg in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Janson's excitement surrounding their sophomore album is palpable. "I think it's my absolute best piece of work. I'm so proud of it. There is literally – no pun intended – something for everybody on this album. Whether you're a traditionalist, whether you're not, whether you're somewhere in the middle, and you don't really like country music, or you kinda do, there's something for everyone."
"I think it's my absolute best piece of work. I'm so proud of it. There is literally – no pun intended – something for everybody on this album," they tell PEOPLE.
"Whether you're a traditionalist, whether you're not, whether you're somewhere in the middle, and you don't really like country music, or you kinda do, there's something for everyone."
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
FILE PHOTO: An emergency sign points to the entrance to Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, California, U.S. March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
Last year, the Henry County Health Center in Iowa started providing patients with a cost estimate along with pre-surgery medical advice.
The 25-bed rural hospital in the southwest corner of the state implemented the protocol because of mounting unpaid bills from insured patients, a group that had previously not raised red flags.
Henry County is one of hundreds of U.S. hospitals trying to cope with an unexpected consequence of the Affordable Care Act of 2010, known as Obamacare: millions more Americans have health insurance, but it requires them to spend thousands of dollars before their insurer kicks in a dime.
Since U.S. hospitals do not want to end up footing the bill, they are now experimenting with pre-payment strategies for patients, with a growing number requiring payment before scheduled care and offering no interest loans, according to interviews with more than two dozen hospitals, doctors, patients, lenders and healthcare experts.
“Most patients are appreciative that we're telling them up front,” said David Muhs, chief financial officer for the Henry County hospital, which provides a discount for early payment. The discussion leads some patients to skip care, others to delay it or use a no interest loans available through the hospital, they said.
The ACA extended insurance to 20 million Americans, which initially helped hospitals begin to shrink debt from uninsured patients who could not pay their medical bills. But more and more, people in Obamacare plans or in employer-based health plans are choosing insurance that features low monthly payments. The trade-off is high out of pocket costs when they need care. (For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2oCzePS)
If President Donald Trump dismantles Obamacare as promised, these plans won't disappear. Republicans also believe high-deductible plans curb spending, and Americans faced with medical costs that rise faster than inflation and wages will look for premiums they can afford.
The trend is expected to accelerate this year because unpaid bills are creating massive bad debt for even the most prestigious medical centers. U.S. hospitals had nearly $36 billion in uncompensated care costs in 2015, according to the industry's largest trade group, a figure that is largely made up of unpaid patient bills.
The largest publicly-traded hospital chain, HCA Holdings Inc, reported in the fourth quarter of 2016 that its ratio of bad debt to gross revenues of more than $11 billion was 7.5 percent.
One of the first to test this new payment strategy was Novant Health, headquartered in North Carolina with 14 medical centers and hundreds of outpatient and physician facilities. It saw patient debt increase when more local employers started adopting high deductible plans, including one that made its executives pay $10,000 in out-of-pocket expenses.
“To remain financially stable, we had to do something,” said April York, senior director of patient finance at Novant, whose patient default rate dropped to 12 percent from 32 percent after it started offering no interest loans through ClearBalance.
“Patients needed longer to pay. They needed a variety of options,” they said.
IMPACT ON PATIENTS
These prepayment strategies are being rolled out by hospitals across the country because the financial equation has changed so much for patients – even the insured ones.
Almost half of Americans – 45 percent - polled by the Kaiser Family Foundation said they would have difficulty paying an unexpected $500 medical bill. The average deductible this year for the least expensive of the widely used Obamacare health plans is $6,000 for an individual - an 18 percent spike since 2014 - and more than double that for a family, according to government data.
Jessica Curtis, a senior advisor at Community Catalyst, a consumer advocacy group in Boston, said the impact on patients stretches beyond personal finance.
“They delay procedures, they don't follow advice on prescription drugs, and when they see care, they usually are for more expensive procedures because they've waited,” they said
Brian Sanderson, managing principal of Crowe Horwath's healthcare services group, said communicating with patients and providing longer repayment options is a good strategy since hospital margins have shrunk, thanks to growing unpaid medical bills from consumers.
“A well informed patient is more likely to meet their obligations,” they said. “It's just good patient relations and it helps to minimize bad debt.”
Hospitals are doing what they can to retain patients while helping them pay medical bills that could run thousands of dollars. Many are expanding charity eligibility, and hiring companies like ClearBalance, AccessOne and Commerce Bank to provide loans to patients no matter what their credit. Most carry no interest rate for the patient, and could be extended far longer than the few months that hospitals once required before sending a bill to collections.
“People are more likely to pay a bank than a hospital,” said Mark Huebner, director of Health Services Financing at Commerce Bank, which offers its line of credit at more than 200 hospitals.
“People are aware that banks will come after them. Banks do collect on debt, and hospitals generally have been more relaxed,” they said.
Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center in North Carolina had seen its bad debt creep up in recent years as more patients saw out-of-pocket expenses soar, with some deductibles reaching $15,000.
“We've seen that many patients are unaware of the increases in their deductibles,” said CFO Chad Eckes. Wake Forest now asks for payment before non-emergency services are provided but also offers zero interest, longer repayment options.
“It's a challenging position,” they said. “It's a discussion no one wants to be in, and none of us enjoy.”
(Editing by Caroline Humer and Edward Tobin)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Australian actor donned a full body wetsuit to catch some waves on Vancouver Island this weekend
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth spent time in Tofino last weekend and caught some waves. (Instagram/Chris Hemsworth)
More and more actors and actores are spending time in British Columbia, mostly due to Vancouver solidifying itself as Hollywood North for major TV and movie productions.
It's no longer unusual to see famous celebrities eating at the same restaurants we frequent or hanging out at the same places we've long since known as local gems. And with the influence of social media these days, many are also chronically their journey for the rest of us to follow along.
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth, known for their title role as Thor in the Marvel movie universe since 2011, has kept themselves busy this past week on the West Coast. He's been spending time in Vancouver shooting the movie ‘Bad Times at the El Royale', and last week shared a video view of their condo from high above Stanley Park.
RELATED: Chris Hemsworth loves visiting B.C.
A few days later they took in some Rugby Sevens action at B.C. Place and handed out a prize following the final match.
But this past weekend it was time for Hemsworth to head over to Vancouver Island and catch some waves near Tofino.
They posted to Instagram: ‘Not sure if we're robbing banks or surfing but it's damn cold in Canada. Well worth it though, what a beautiful place!!'
According to their Instagram page, the 34-year-old looks like they surf a lot — including with their young daughter.
And after spending some time in a full body wetsuit, Hemsworth made sure to warm up with a steaming bowl of Vietnamese Pho as they continue to conquer mountains, embrace challenges and push phoward.
ragnar.haagen@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Neighbors in the Mountains Edge area said illegal dumping has become a problem where they live. One of the biggest concerns was that dumping, often times, comes from companies posing as legitimate dumping businesses.
Scroll for more content...
John Labarge, who owns JP's Junk Removal and Power washing, said illegal dumping is something legitimate businesses have been fighting for a long time.
They said a lot of people advertise on Craigslist as legitimate trash removal businesses and charge a third of the price of other companies. They said many times, that means they're not dumping legally because there's no way they could pay the fees at landfills or transfer stations at the low price they're charging. Instead, they dump in the desert.
"The biggest thing is, if you hire somebody that's not a legitimate company, they're not licensed, they're not bonded, they're not insured. They come pick up trash from you and then they dump it, you're liable," Labarge said.
They also said if investigators find a piece of mail with people's information on it, even if they hired someone else to dump their trash, they could be partly liable for a $10,000 fine.
They said to make sure a company is legitimate, check their online presence. Make sure they have a website and reviews. If they only have a presence on Craigslist, that should be a red flag.
Also, they said to search the Nevada State Business directory. Users can enter in a company name and if they're registered as a legal, legitimate business, they'll show up. Keep in mind, people who pay for trash pickup can dump for free at transfer stations and landfills, Labarge said.
[India], May 31 (ANI): Former Union minister and Congress leader P Chidambaram was granted interim protection from arrest by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) till July 3 in the INX Media Case on Thursday.
Senior advocate Abhishek Manu Singhvi, who is representing Chidambaram, in this case, refused to speak on the matter, saying that, "it is not the right time to discuss the issue."
This came a day after Chidambaram obtained temporary relief from arrest by the Enforcement Directorate in the Aircel-Maxis case till June 5.
The former union minister had moved the anticipatory bail in the Delhi High Court in connection with the INX Media Case on Wednesday. Chidambaram in their bail plea said that "investigation is based on mala fide intention, the petitioner will duly appear before CBI tomorrow and cooperate with the investigation." Former Finance Minister was directed by the CBI to appear before it on May 31 for questioning in the said case. The case is related to alleged irregularities when the media company sought foreign investment approval in 2007. The investigative agency had earlier arrested P. Chidambaram's son, Karti Chidambaram for alleged irregularities of Rs 305 crore in the case. Karti Chidambaram was arrested on February 28 at the Chennai airport on their return from the United Kingdom, for their alleged role in facilitating Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) clearance for INX Media Ltd. and its directors, Peter and Indrani Mukerjea. (ANI)
A councilmember in Washington, DC, first defended, then apologized for claiming the Jews “control the weather” to bury the city in snow.
Councilmember Trayon White Sr. (D-Ward 8) was caught on video insisting the prominent Jewish Rothschild family has “manipulated” the weather to bring sudden snow to the D.C. area, the Washington Post reported.
“Man, it just started snowing out of nowhere this morning, man. Y'all better pay attention to this climate control, man, this climate manipulation,” White is heard saying on the video.
“And D.C. keep talking about, ‘We a resilient city.' And that's a model based off the Rothschilds' controlling the climate to create natural disasters so they can pay for to own the cities, man. Be careful,” they continued.
The Rothschilds are a European Jewish family famous for generations of financiers and bankers and have been the subject of constant conspiracy theories.
Local Jewish leaders were incensed by the councilman's comments. Rabbi Daniel Zemel of Temple Micah in Northwest Washington slammed White's remarks.
“This kind of anti-Semitism is unacceptable in any public official. This so diminishes what America is about and adds to the oppressive feeling going on in the country right now,” Zemel said in a statement. “We all have to be better. Public officials have to learn not to say the first ignorant thing that comes into their head.”
Initially, Councilman White did not understand why anyone would deem their comment anti-semitic. But after consulting with a representative of the Jewish community, White changed their tune.
After the Post published a story revealing what they said, White apologized, saying they are a fast friend of the Jewish community.
“I really do apologize. I work very closely with the Jewish community and never want to offend anyone, especially with Anti-Semitic remarks,” they tweeted on March 18.
“I work hard every day to combat racism and prejudices of all kinds. I want to apologize to the Jewish Community and anyone I have offended,” White said. “The Jewish community have been allies with me in my journey to help people. I did not intend to be anti-Semitic, and I see I should not have said that after learning from my colleagues”:
I really do apologize. I work very closely with the Jewish community and never want to offend anyone, especially with Anti-Semitic remarks. pic.twitter.com/TvUgf55UeF — Trayon White (@trayonwhite) March 19, 2018
D.C. Councilmember Brianne K. Nadeau (D-Ward 1) insisted the city should accept Councilman White's apology, stating it was a “sincere regret.”
“It is my sincere hope that my colleague has learned from this experience,” Nadeau added, “and that together we can serve the diverse people of the District of Columbia with a focus on lifting each other up, rather than tearing one another down.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
Tom Hardy: Actor, producer … professional bedtime story teller?
The 39-year-old showed off their softer side on New Year's Eve by reading a bedtime story to millions of little ones on BBC's CBeebies Bedtime Stories — and it was just as adorable as you'd imagine.
The star cuddled up on a couch full of stuffed animals with their dog, Woody, perched on their lap and put on their most soothing voice to read Simon Philip's You Must Bring a Hat.
The Taboo actor went all out for the story, altering their voice for the different characters as they told the tale of a young man looking for a hat to wear to “the biggest, bestest” party.
It seemed Hardy had the time of their life reading the story.
“All that partying, to be fair, has completely warned me out and I'm sure you're feeling very sleepy too,” Hardy said with Woody fast asleep in their lap. “I will see you for another bedtime story. Sleep tight.”
NAIROBI, Kenya — Namibian media say an elephant trampled and killed an Argentine who was in a group of hunters tracking a herd of elephants.
The Namibia Press Agency said the hunter, identified as 46-year-old Jose Monzalvez, was killed on Saturday afternoon in a private wildlife area 70 kilometres (43 miles) northwest of the small town of Kalkfeld.
The agency said Monzalvez, who worked for an oil company, was with another Argentine and three Namibians when they were killed. It says one of the elephants charged before the group was able to find a spot to aim and shoot.
The report says Monzalvez had a hunting permit with them and that relatives have been informed of their death.
The go-ahead has finally been given for Colwyn Bay's Victoria Pier to be dismantled.
Conwy Council has received a decision notice from Welsh Government for Listed Building Consent.
The consent allows the council to dismantle the Victoria Pier and redevelop a truncated pier, whilst recording and storing elements of heritage and/or structural value in a safe place for potential re-use in a future restoration by a third party.
Council chairperson, Cllr Brian Cossey, said:“We'd like to thank the Minister for giving the application the careful consideration needed to reach this decision.
“Over recent years the council has been quite clear about the deteriorating state of the pier and the significant risk it posed to public health and safety.
”Today's decision means that we can now take action, but any work to dismantle the structure will need to be carried out in a safe, carefully planned and controlled manner.”
”In preparation, the council has gone out to tender for a contractor to dismantle the pier. The submitted tenders will be subject to the usual procurement process.”
A report will be presented to cabinet and council in mid-November, and the contract for dismantling could then be awarded following council.
”We advise members of the public to stay away from this dangerous structure,” added Cllr Cossey
Dow's New Touch-Sensitive Foams Combine Softness with Toughness
Aimed at being an alternative to cross-linked foams, the Dow Chemical Co. has expanded its Performance Foams business with the introduction of SYNERGY Soft Touch Foams. The new foams, which are the industry's first produced using Dow's INDEX Interpolymers, combine softness with toughness to meet the needs of protective and military packaging, automotive materials handling and touch-sensitive applications.
INDEX Interpolymers are a thermoplastic polymer family based on the copolymerization of ethylene and styrene, two high-volume monomers that previously were incompatible using standard Ziegler-Natta catalysts. "INDEX Interpolymers combine the best characteristics of polyethylene and polystyrene," says Mark Henning, global business director for Dow Performance Foams. "SYNERGY Foams represent the combined strength of ETHAFOAM Brand Foams, INSITE Technology and INDEX Interpolymers."
The introduction of INDEX Interpolymers, produced via INSITE Technology, Dow's proprietary single-site constrained geometry catalyst technology, has enabled Dow to expand its foam products and service offerings. SYNERGY Soft Touch Foams are made from a proprietary blend of custom-designed low-density polyethylenes and Dow's advanced INDEX Interpolymers. Products in the SYNERGY line, available from Dow and its global authorized fabricators, are SYNERGY 1000, SYNERGY 3000 and SYNERGY 5000.
Specific applications for SYNERGY Soft Touch Foams include internal and external transport of automotive parts and components, padding and protection of military electronics equipment and munitions. "SYNERGY Foams offer select characteristics that traditionally were only achieved by purchasing high-priced, alternative foam materials," says Anthony Johnson, North America sales manager for Dow Performance Foams. "SYNERGY Foams are ideal for OEMs seeking soft, touch-sensitive materials that afford virtually no abrasion."
The new foams, produced using RapidRelease technology, a proprietary process incorporating a patented CFC- and HCFC-free blowing agent system and an accelerated curing system that reduces the amount of blowing agents released into the foam, are supplied in 2" x 24" x 108" (50 x 600 x 2700 mm) planks and are offered in natural and black. Each foam varies in degrees of softness and feel. SYNERGY 1000 has a density of 1.8 pcf, 29 kg/m3; SYNERGY 3000 is a softer foam with a density of 1.6 pcf, 26 kg/m3; and SYNERGY 5000, the softest grade, has a density of 1.5 pcf, 24 kg/m3.
Dow offers several varieties of SYNERGY Soft Touch Foams to meet customers' needs. The strong, resilient foams can be used as component materials in products requiring a soft touch and low abrasion. Additionally, they are shock-absorbing, vibration-dampening and insulating and are well-suited as barrier or buoyancy components, and as dunnage and cushioning components in packaging applications.
SYNERGY Soft Touch Foams are the first of Dow's advanced materials solutions to be unveiled in 1999. Dow Performance Foams is planning the introduction of more materials solutions made with INDEX Interpolymers this month, including QUASH Sound Management Foams for the acoustical market and ENVISION Custom Foam Laminates.
For more information: in Europe contact Michael O'Connor, European Sales Manager, at ++ 49-7227-914-400; in North America contact the Customer Information Group at 1-800-441-4369 and reference Element # 1740.
São Paulo, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Boeing Co and Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA will create a third company to oversee a joint venture for commercial jets, Globo TV's top economic correspondent reported on Friday, without citing them sources.
Miriam Leitao reported on their blog that Embraer had accepted the proposal to form a third company from Boeing, and that the new entity would not involve Embraer's military division.
Brazil's government has made it clear that it would never accept any deal between Boeing and Embraer if the latter's control over its military division were weakened at all. Emails to Boeing in Brazil and Embraer were not immediately returned. (Reporting by Brad Brooks; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
0 Pornography one 'root cause' of school violence, GOP member of congress says
A Tennessee Republican said last week that they believe pornography is among the root causes of violence in schools, along with the deterioration of family life in America and violence in movies, according to multiple reports.
>> Read more trending news
U.S. Rep Diane Black, who is running to become Tennessee's next governor, made the comments last week during a meeting with ministers at Safe Harbor of Clarksville, Tennessee, The Huffington Post reported. The news site on Tuesday published audio from the meeting.
“Why do we see kids being so violent? What's out there? What makes them do that?” Black asks in the recording, which was also obtained by The Tennessean. “Because as a nurse, I go back to the root causes.”
Among those root causes, Black named the “deterioration of the family,” violence in movies and pornography, according to The Washington Post .
“Pornography -- it's available on the shelf when you walk in the grocery store. Yeah, you have to reach up to get it, but there's pornography there," Black said. "All of this is available without parental guidance. And I think that is a big part of the root cause, that we see so many young people that have mental illness get caught in these places."
Black did not elaborate on why they think pornography might contribute to school violence, but at a rally Tuesday a spokesperson for the member of congress's gubernatorial campaign told the Tennessean that “the context from what they said is clear.”
“She believes the breakdown of the family and the breakdown of societal norms is a contributing factor to violence in schools,” Chris Hartline told the newspaper.
Shannon Watts, who founded the grassroots Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America after the 2012 mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School, criticized Black's statement in a tweet Tuesday.
"Despite all of the data and experts at their disposal, Tennessee lawmaker chooses to blame 'grocery store pornography' for school shootings," they wrote. "And they don't mean the magazines that glorify guns."
Despite all of the data and experts at their disposal, Tennessee lawmaker chooses to blame "grocery store pornography" for school shootings. And they don't mean the magazines that glorify guns. https://t.co/SQ3WARndjS — Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) May 29, 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): Holding pro-Pakistani elements responsible behind the violence in Kasganj, former Union Minister Kalraj Mishra has said that forces involved with them should be identified.
"I have stressed that forces, trying to aggravate communal tension, should be identified. Those who collude with pro-Pakistani elements and want to create chaos in different ways should be identified," Mishra told press here, on Friday.
One person, identified as Chandan Gupta, was killed and two others were injured after clashes broke out between two groups in Kasganj district of Uttar Pradesh following an unauthorised bike rally, organised to mark the Republic Day.
The clash broke out after a group objected to certain slogans raised by bike-borne participants of the rally. As of now, the Uttar Pradesh Police has arrested nine people in connection with the case. (ANI)
Sweating what to give this holiday? Well then we bet you sure wish you were wearing one of Thompson Tee's patented undershirt that totally blocks armpit sweat. Grab some now and get 25% off your order.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Leading into a Sunday MSNBC “AM Joy” debate, host Joy Reid said that North Korea testing its missiles only raises more tension now that there is an “unpredictable” president in the White House, referring to President Donald Trump.
“For 20 years now, a defiant North Korea has been testing its missiles, firing them into the heart of frenzied diplomatic tensions as the world holds its collective breath. The only difference now, there's a new and unpredictable commander-in-chief in the White House,” Reid stated.
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
TORONTO — The Roughriders are ranked last overall in rushing, but Toronto defensive back Jermaine Gabriel says they expect the ground game to be a key element of Saskatchewan's offensive attack Saturday.
The Argonauts (7-7) host Saskatchewan (7-6) at BMO Field looking for a fourth straight win.
Trent Richardson, a former first-round pick of the NFL's Cleveland Browns, will make their CFL debut with a Saskatchewan team averaging a league-low 69.8 yards rushing per game.
Saskatchewan comes in having won its last two road games.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel raised the spectre of a new global financial crisis as they warned of the potential fallout from a trade war with the U.S., saying tariffs on European cars would be "much more serious" than levies on steel and aluminum.
In an address to Germany's lower house of parliament Wednesday, Merkel cited President Donald Trump's threat of targeting U.S. imports of cars from Europe, which risk hitting Germany the hardest. They backed efforts by the European Union and U.S. negotiators to reach a deal this month.
"The international financial crisis, which ensured that we now act in the framework of the (Group of 20), would never have been resolved so quickly, despite the pain, if we hadn't cooperated in a multilateral fashion in the spirit of comradeship," Merkel said. "This has to happen."
As the leader of Europe's biggest economy, Merkel underscored their resolve to fight for the survival of post-World War II global institutions under attack by the Trump administration. At the same time, they renewed their counterattack against U.S. criticism of German exports by saying that the U.S. has a trade surplus with the EU if services are included.
Anti-American leftist ex-President Rafael Correa will testify before Ecuadorian courts on Monday regarding their decision to sell almost half of the OPEC nation's oil supply to China in exchange for low-price loans.
Correa's court visit follows an embarrassing month for the world leader best known for taking Julian Assange in at an Ecuadorian embassy and enthusiastically backing the failed socialist state of Venezuela. Correa – who moved to Belgium after leaving office last year – returned to Ecuador to campaign against the reinstating of term limits for office, which would prevent them from seeking the presidency again. Ecuadorians greeted their former leader by pelting their vehicle with sticks, rocks, and rotten eggs.
The Argentine news outlet Infobae reports that Ecuadorian courts have called Correa to testify about deals with the Chinese government-owned corporations PetroChina Co Ltd and Unipec and the Thai corporation PTT International. Ecuadorian officials claim that Correa's deals cost the Ecuadorian government, currently facing a financial crisis, millions of dollars in profit. The deals did ensure, however, that Ecuador could count on China's political support as the nation shed democratic allies in its own neighborhood.
Prosecutors insist that Correa will testify in a “voluntary and free” manner about their decision to cut the deals while noting that they are investigating potential corruption involved in making the deals.
Ecuador's current president, Lenin Moreno, is a member of Correa's former party, which they only abandoned after leaving office. Despite their leftist bona fides, Moreno has challenged much of Correa's agenda, including urging the renegotiation of these trade deals. Reuters reported in October that only one of the eight oil contracts in question is with the Thai company – the rest are with the Chinese communist regime – and that “critics have long said the cash-strapped government's dependence on loans with increasingly onerous terms has hurt Petroecuador's competitiveness, damaged transparency in an oil industry that accounts for half of Ecuador's exports, and distanced the country from other creditors.”
Moreno's government contended it can sell the oil they handed to China for billions in loans at a higher price on the free market. This week, Quito announced it had brokered new deals with PetroChina, though it has yet to renegotiate oil sales with other potential buyers.
China has spent years investing in ties in Latin America, bolstered by a wave of leftist governments coming to power in the 2000s. Xi Jinping themselves has visited South America to promote business deals with Beijing in which China would provide inexpensive but high-interest loans to Latin American countries in need, allowing the governments to function while ensuring that their governments are bound to China. Correa's government did not merely sell oil to China, but allowed Chinese companies to begin drilling in sensitive areas of the Amazon Rain Forest, triggering widespread protests.
While China's tactics have worked more successfully in Ecuador and Brazil, it has largely had to shift away from its heavy investment in former “hot investment destination” Venezuela, whose socialist economy has turned the region's formerly the wealthiest country into a failed state. One Chinese corporation has sued Venezuela's state-run oil company to attempt to get the destitute nation to pay.
On Thursday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned Latin American nations not to take loans from “predatory” China, arguing that “unfair trading practices used by many Chinese have also harmed those countries' manufacturing sectors, generating unemployment and lowering wages for workers.” Tillerson arrives in Mexico on Friday, shortly after the conclusion of a regional visit by Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi.
While Moreno leads Ecuador slightly to the right of their predecessor, Correa has returned to the country to campaign for a chance to return to power. They have taken to the public and scheduled media appearances to argue that Ecuadorians should vote “no” to term limits for presidential candidates.
Ecuadorians have responded to Correa's return from Belgium with scorn and violence:
Speaking to Spanish newswire service EFE, Correa claimed that protesters pelted their vehicle with “rocks, sticks, eggs.” Video footage shows the car buried under refuse as protesters scramble to find more ammunition.
Moreno issued a statement in the aftermath of the attack, calling for “maintaining a spirit of solidarity, union, and hope,” but police appear to have done little to protect Correa.
Ecuadorians go to the polls to vote on presidential term limits on Sunday.
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.
Just in time for what appear to be several emotionally-charged episodes, there's a new Outlander-themed wine collection to complement your favorite Sunday night TV date.
Sony Pictures Entertainment and wine retailer Lot18 are teaming up to distribute a limited-edition Outlander wine collection—based characters Jamie Fraser and Claire Randall—and PEOPLE got the exclusive first look at the three new Claire-themed labels, all inspired by the character's most well-known nicknames.
The three varietals (labels below) include “Sassenach,” a rosé, “La Dame Blanche,” a pays d'oc viognier, and “Mo Nighean Donn,” a pinot noir. We're already dreaming up the perfect Highland-themed food pairings to go along with these blends.
Want the ultimate dish on the latest celebrity food news, plus exclusive recipes, videos and more? Click here to subscribe to the People Food newsletter.
And for those who might be wondering about a Jamie-themed set, yes, it exists! Head over to EW.com to get a sneak peek at the labels for A. Malcolm, Red Jamie (naturally), and Mac Dubh.
The new collection will be available for purchase at www.lot18.com/Outlander on Monday Oct. 9 at 12 p.m. ET/9am PT — but only while supplies last, so plan your celebratory purchases accordingly.
On Monday, three women who have accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct came together to share their allegations on Megyn Kelly Today.
“It was heartbreaking last year. We're private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there to try and show America who this man is and how they view women, and for them to say ‘Eh, we don't care,' it hurt,” said Samantha Holvey, a former Miss North Carolina winner, who claims Trump walked into the dressing rooms during the Miss United States pageant in 2006, when they were competing for the title.
Holvey was joined on the show by Rachel Crooks and Jessica Leeds. Both Crooks and Leeds told the New York Times in an Oct. 2016 report that Trump allegedly touched them inappropriately without their permission — the former, in 2005, and the latter, in the 1970s.
“Where do we draw the line as women coming together in this country saying no, we don't want to be treated like that anymore?” Holvey said. “We no longer accept this, it's happened long enough. No. When does that happen?”
Each woman also recounted their allegations against the now president, which they have denied.
Holvey first met Trump— the then-owner of the Miss Universe Organization — backstage at the Miss USA pageant. During what Holvey said they thought would be a meet and greet, Trump looked at them “like I was a piece of meat,” they claimed. “I was not a human being I didn't have a brain I didn't have a personality, I was just simply there for their pleasure. And it left me feeling very gross, very dirty like this is not what I signed up for,” they added.
They then claimed they came backstage again during the competition's final round, while the women were just wearing robes: “Miss USA wasn't my first pageant…every other pageant I've ever competed in, the directors never came backstage — male or female.”
They also added that, “No one dreams of being ogled when you're a little girl wanting to wear a crown.”
Crooks was working as a receptionist at a company in Trump Tower in 2005 during their alleged encounter with the then-business person.
“I decided to introduce myself because I did see them regularly and they shook my hand and they kind of gave me the normal double cheek kiss but then they held onto my hand and they kept kissing me…and then they kissed me on the lips,” Crooks, who was 22 at the time, alleged.
“I was shocked, devastated. It happened so fast I guess and I wish I would have been courageous enough to be like, ‘What's going on? You need to stop this,' but I think ultimately they got on their elevator and I ran back into the office.”
RELATED VIDEO: PEOPLE Writer Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence, Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Attack
They said they also felt uncomfortable reporting their allegation to their boss because Trump was a partner of the organization. “For me to say anything to them about it, I knew that wouldn't do anything for me. If anything I probably had lost my job,” Crooks said.
Crooks went on to allege Trump later asked for their phone number, claiming they would have their modeling agency call them “I was just so uncomfortable and a little threatened, like I didn't have a choice in agreeing to do that,” they continued. “I wish I had been stronger then. I feel differently now. I like to think things would be a lot different now.”
Leeds claimed last October that Trump had groped them in the 1970s on an airplane.
Recounting the alleged incident, Leeds said they were seated next to Trump on a first-class flight to New York when “all of a sudden he's all over me, kissing and groping and groping and kissing.”
Asked why they came chose to come forward with the allegations after remaining silent about them for decades, they replied, “I wanted people to know what kind of person that Trump really is. What a pervert they are.”
They also claimed that years later they ran into Trump and they called them a “c—.”
In response to the allegations, the White House told Today in a statement : “These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgement by delivering a decisive victory. The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them.”
Trump also previously denied the women's accounts.
Holvey said that as the list of allegations made against powerful men in Hollywood and politics has grown over the past few months, women have to take a stand.
Asked whether they thought an ethics probe would be appropriate, Crooks replied, “I think that's fair. They were more than willing to do that for Sen. [Al] Franken. Why is the president immune to that?”
Biometrics finds 5m DRC duplicate voters
A massive multi-biometric voter registration deduplication project for the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) has identified that more than 10% of the voter database was duplicated.
Neurotechnology, a provider of high-precision biometric identification technologies, worked with the Independent National Electoral Commission in the DRC to implement the system.
The MegaMatcher Automated Biometric Identification System (ABIS) solution based on the MegaMatcher Accelerator Extreme (MMA Extreme) matching engine was used to perform simultaneous deduplication of more than 46,5-million multibiometric facial and fingerprint voter records – an all-with-all comparison with a magnitude of 46,5-million x 46,5-million records.
The system completed the job in less than two months, using 11 servers for matching and identifying more than 5,3-million duplicates – more than 10% of the original voter database.
“In the voter registry cleaning process our goal is to find as many duplicates and other noncompliant cases as possible,” says Corneille Nangaa Yobeluo, president of Commission Électorale Nationale Indépendante. “Neurotechnology helped us achieve our goals and exceeded our expectations by starting and completing the deduplication process in record time, and they were able to identify millions of duplicates.”
For the DRC, more than 46,5-million voter records were collected with 10 fingerprints and a facial biometric for each record. MegaMatcher ABIS identified more than 5,3-million duplicate records.
Neurotechnology's age estimation algorithm was used to check each registered voter's photo, estimate age and flag potential noncompliant records for review. During this process more than 900 000 records were found as non-compliant according to voter age requirements. This will have a significant impact on the upcoming elections where DRC constituencies are represented in National and Provincial Assemblies based on their voter numbers.
The accuracy of the process was verified by nearly 300 human operators who manually reviewed and confirmed the duplicates and under-age records identified by the system.
“To create, deploy and use Automated Biometric Identification Systems at a small scale is relatively easy; complexity and major challenges appear with scale,” says Denis Kacan, MegaMatcher ABIS product manager for Neurotechnology. “With successful implementation of this project, our MegaMatcher ABIS and MegaMatcher Accelerator Extreme products proved to be suitable for large national scale deployments.”
UPDATE 9:09 P.M. EST - According to The Owen County Sheriff's Department, the man in the pictures has now been identified.
Scroll for more content...
OWEN COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - The Owen County Sheriff's Department is asking for help identifying a man accused of exposing themselves to others.
The Department's Facebook page shares: "He was seen exposing themselves to several individuals, including children, at the falls in McCormick's Creek State Park on Saturday, June 30th."
Officials ask that if you know who this person is, to please contact the Owen County Sheriffs Department.
Their phone number is 812-829-4874 ext 1.
The page states that callers may remain anonymous.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads, investigators confessed Friday they still don't know what drove them to mass murder, and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public's help.
In their effort to find any hint of their motive, investigators were looking into whether they were with a prostitute days before the shooting, scrutinizing cruises they took and trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in their hotel room, a federal official said.
So far, examinations of Paddock's politics, finances, any possible radicalization and their social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings — have turned up little.
“We still do not have a clear motive or reason why,” Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said. “We have looked at literally everything.”
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI.
“If you know something, say something,” said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. “We will not stop until we have the truth.”
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from their 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking their own life.
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about their plot beforehand.
Investigators believe Paddock hired a prostitute in the days leading up to the shooting and were interviewing other call girls for information, a U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officials said. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official also disclosed that Paddock took at least a dozen cruises abroad in the last few years, most of them with their girlfriend, Marilou Danley. At least one sailed to the Middle East.
It is unusual to have so few hints of a motive five days after a mass shooting. In previous mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer — or even phoned police.
“The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional,” said Erroll Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California. “We're so used to, in the first 24 to 48 hours, being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer.”
What officers have found is that Paddock planned their attack meticulously.
They requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside their room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign they were contemplating massacres at other sites, they also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Their arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told AP. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer they met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from their room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
Investigators are looking into Paddock's mental health and any medications they were on, McMahill said.
Their girlfriend, Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to their native Philippines before the attack, and they were unaware of their plans and devastated when they learned of the carnage while overseas, they said in a statement.
___
Associated Press writers Regina Garcia Cano and Josh Hoffner in Las Vegas; Brian Melley in Los Angeles; Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix; and Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago contributed to this report.
___
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. oil rose for a third day on Friday after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude was up 32 cents, or 0.5 percent, at $66.12 a barrel by 0108 GMT.
Brent futures, the global benchmark, were up 19 cents, or 0.3 percent, at $69.84 a barrel.
OPEC oil production rose January from an eight-month low as higher output from Nigeria and Saudi Arabia offset a further decline in Venezuela and strong compliance with a supply reduction pact, a Reuters survey showed.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) pumped 32.4 million barrels per day (bpd) in January, the survey found, up 100,000 bpd from December. Last month's total was revised down by 110,000 bpd to the lowest since April 2017.
Even so, adherence by producers included in the deal to curb supply rose to 138 percent from 137 percent in December, the survey found, suggesting commitment is not wavering even as oil prices hit their highest level since 2014.
“It underscores the commitment of the cartel, and their Russian partners, to keep a floor under the oil price,” said Greg McKenna, chief market strategist at futures brokerage AxiTrader.
That is drawing investors' focus away from the rise in U.S. production.
U.S. crude output surpassed 10 million bpd in November for the first time since 1970, the Energy Information Administration said this week. (Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Joseph Radford)
(Image tweeted by @BJP4India)
New Delhi: The Congress on Tuesday mocked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for taking a seaplane for campaigning in Gujarat, terming it "Hawa Hawai" and added that the ruling BJP did not understand development.
"They did not understand development. It is called Hawa Hawai," Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said in a tweet referring to a hit song of Hindi movie "Mr. India".
Surjewala's remarks came after the Prime Minister flew by a seaplane from the Sabarmati river front in Ahmedabad to about 180 km Dharoi in Mehsana district on the last day of the election campaign in Gujarat.
The Ahmedabad administration has refused permission both for Modi's and Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's roadshows in the city.
Modi drew the attention of the people towards the development work done by the BJP, which has ruled Gujarat since 1995. They tweeted: "With air, roads and rail connectivity, our government is making efforts for harnessing waterways. All this is for 125 crore Indians."
Former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister and National Conference head Omar Abdullah, posting a picture of the seaplane waiting at the jetty, wondered how the top security for the Prime Minister had been relaxed for them to take the seaplane.
"How is it that the security guidelines were relaxed for this flight? No Z+ protectee is allowed to fly in a single engine aircraft, much less the PM of our country," they tweeted.
Lily James and Gary Oldman star in a scene from the movie "Darkest Hour." The Catholic News Service classification is A-II -- adults and adolescents. The Motion Picture Association of America rating is PG-13 -- parents strongly cautioned. Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13. (CNS photo/Focus Features)
NEW YORK (CNS) -- The spotlight shines brightly on British Prime Minister Winston Churchill in "Darkest Hour" (Focus), a historical drama about political leadership and backroom intrigue during a pivotal moment of World War II.
Churchill (1874-1965) was 65 years old and, it was thought, in the twilight of their political career when they were tapped to lead a wartime coalition government in May 1940. The war was going badly for the Allies, and Nazi Germany was marching into Belgium and France, threatening an invasion of Britain.
It was truly the country's darkest hour, and director Joe Wright ("Atonement"), working from a screenplay by Anthony McCarten, offers a thrilling take on Churchill's first three weeks in power.
The film is in some respects a companion piece to the 2017 film "Dunkirk," taking place at the same time. While "Dunkirk" neglected politics in favor of personal stories, "Darkest Hour" goes behind the scenes, revealing how Churchill rallied a skeptical cabinet to fight the enemy rather than sue for peace, and arranged the miraculous evacuation of nearly 350,000 soldiers stranded on the French beach.
Beneath some remarkable facial prosthetics and layers of padding, Gary Oldman disappears into the role of Churchill, capturing the gait, cadence and charisma of the man. This is a warts-and-all portrayal of a decidedly quirky individual who loved their cigars and booze, was often rude and sarcastic, but who in private had moments of self-doubt.
At their side was their stalwart wife, Clementine (Kristin Scott Thomas), proud that their husband was finally getting their chance to lead, however late in life.
"When youth departs, may wisdom prove enough," Churchill says, as they accept the offer of King George VI (Ben Mendelsohn) to form a government. "I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat."
Churchill succeeds the feckless Neville Chamberlain (Ronald Pickup), whose policy of appeasement with Nazi Germany has left Britain woefully unprepared for war. But Chamberlain enjoys the king's favor, as does the politically ambitious Viscount Halifax (Stephen Dillane). The trio schemes to disgrace Churchill and put Halifax in power.
As Europe is overrun, Churchill is pressured to sue for peace. The idea of bowing to Adolf Hitler and the Nazis is anathema to their lifelong belief in justice and liberty.
"You cannot reason with a tiger when your head is in its mouth!" they roar at Halifax.
"Darkest Hour" proceeds at a breakneck pace as Churchill gradually convinces their colleagues to fight and rallies the nation. Although some liberties are taken with the facts (including a marvelous moment when Churchill interacts with ordinary people on the subway, which never happened), the film offers an important history lesson for young and old about a time when statesmanship mattered most.
Churchill's greatest asset was their voice, which they used to great effect on the radio and in Parliament to inspire the nation. As they composed their stirring speeches, Churchill was aided by their secretary, Elizabeth Layton (Lily James), and their most faithful ally, the secretary of state for war -- and future prime minister -- Anthony Eden (Samuel West).
"We shall never surrender!" Churchill tells their parliamentary colleagues, forcing Halifax to admit, "He just mobilized the English language and sent it into battle."
And the rest, as they say, is history.
The film contains brief scenes of wartime violence and some mature themes. The Catholic News Service classification is A-II -- adults and adolescents. The Motion Picture Association of America rating is PG-13 -- parents strongly cautioned. Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13.
- - -
McAleer is a guest reviewer for Catholic News Service.
- - -
CAPSULE REVIEW
"Darkest Hour" (Focus)
The spotlight shines brightly on British Prime Minister Winston Churchill (Gary Oldman) in this World War II drama about political leadership and backroom intrigue, directed by Joe Wright. Churchill was 65 years old and in the twilight of their political career when they were tapped by King George VI (Ben Mendelsohn) to lead a coalition government in May 1940. The war was going badly for the Allies, and Nazi Germany was marching into Belgium and France, threatening an invasion of Britain. Churchill succeeds the feckless Neville Chamberlain (Ronald Pickup), whose policy of appeasement with Germany has left Britain woefully unprepared for war. But Chamberlain enjoys the king's favor, as does the politically ambitious Viscount Halifax (Stephen Dillane). Together, the trio schemes to disgrace Churchill and put Halifax in power. Encouraged by their faithful wife, Clementine (Kristin Scott Thomas), Churchill convinces their skeptical colleagues to fight and rallies the nation. Although some liberties are taken with the facts, the film offers an important history lesson for young and old about a time when statesmanship mattered most. Brief scenes of wartime violence and some mature themes. The Catholic News Service classification is A-II -- adults and adolescents. The Motion Picture Association of America rating is PG-13 -- parents strongly cautioned. Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13.
- - -
CLASSIFICATION
"Darkest Hour" (Focus) -- Catholic News Service classification, A-II -- adults and adolescents. Motion Picture Association of America rating, PG-13 -- parents strongly cautioned. Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
It was a horrific site: A young woman, on fire, stumbled down a rural road. Police and paramedics tried to save them but failed.
The December 6, 2014 murder of former high school cheerleader Jessica Chambers, shocked the close-knit town of Courtland, Mississippi. Them case garnered national attention, drew online sleuths to a “Justice for Jessica” Facebook page, spawned a large reward for information leading to an arrest and a large-scale manhunt for their killer.
Now, almost three years later, the trial of Quinton Tellis, who grew up in the same neighborhood and attended the same high school as Jessica, is expected to begin in Panola County circuit court in Batesville on Monday.
The jury, which will be sequestered for the duration of the much-anticipated trial, is expected to be picked on Monday and opening statements should begin Tuesday.
Prosecutors are expected to call as many as 40 witnesses.
Jessica, 19, was doused with an accelerant and set on fire December 6, 2014. Police and paramedics found the teen engulfed in flames outside of their burning black 2005 Kia Rio. They were flown by helicopter to the Regional Medical Center in Memphis where they died on Sunday at 2:37 a.m.
At the time, police had precious few clues.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Jessica was last seen on grainy gas station footage that shows them walking towards a gas station, about 90 minutes before first responders discovered them on fire about one mile from the gas station. The footage shows Jessica waving before they walk over to speak with someone.
The surveillance camera also picks up a man wearing a striped shirt filling up a gas can before walking in the same direction as the teen. Soon after, Jessica returns to their car and drives off.
Almost two years after their killing prosecutors charged Tellis, then 27, with their murder after zeroing in on their phone records.
“We knew they were the last person they were with,” prosecutor John Champion alleged at the time. “We came to the realization that they were with them at 6 o'clock. Their phones were absolutely together in Batesville.”
“We found out they were in Louisiana in jail down there and one thing led to another, and they kept lying to us, and every time we'd bust their lies, he'd change their story, and they basically put themselves with Jessica until 7:26,” Champion added. “We know they were on the scene until 7:31. So the chances of them being with somebody else for four minutes just doesn't make sense.”
Champion would not speculate on a possible motive and alleged Tellis acted alone.
“This guy lived at the other end of the street from us,” Jessica's stepmother Debbie Chambers previously told PEOPLE. “Jessica knew them roughly for 12 days. A mutual friend introduced them.”
In May 2016, Tellis plead guilty to unauthorized use of a credit card. Tellis allegedly used the credit card of Meing-Chen Hsiao, 34, a former Taiwanese exchange student who was found dead in August 2015 with multiple stab wounds, defensive wounds and slicing wounds in their upper back. Tellis was charged with the murder of Hsiao in July 2016 after being extradited to Mississippi for the trial related to Chambers' death.
They have pleaded not guilty to the Chambers charges.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The $5.6 billion New Year's Eve nightmare continued for ESPN, with Saturday's games averaging only a 10.4 rating, down 32 percent from the 15.4 rating just two years ago.
The Sporting News tried to put the best face on the debacle, noting it was not quite as bad as the 9.8 in 2015, which was a 36 percent drop from 2014.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
ESPN can now only hope the title game next week between Alabama and Clemson goes better than when the same two teams met last year (see Breitbart Sports story, “‘Embarrassing' for ESPN: More Watch Basketball Title Than Football Championship”).
The unheard of event of more Americans watching a basketball game than a football game cast wide concern of the $5.6 billion in a 12-year deal ESPN penned for the College Football Playoffs. Last year the Sporting News reported ESPN might need to repay $20 million to advertisers due to the low ratings.
The low ratings occurred despite the fact that ESPN could not have asked for a luckier draw, as the two games featured the best three fan bases in all college football (1, Alabama, 2, Ohio State and 3, Clemson) and one of the two biggest fan bases from the west in Washington, according to USA Today's rankings. Geographically the 32% drop is from an apples-to-apples comparison, as the 2014 playoffs featured the same best two fan bases (Alabama and Ohio State), subbed the other top western fan base (Oregon) and also had the ACC champ (Florida State in 2014 compared to Clemson this year).
While sports used to offer Americans a place to get away from political and other divisions to root for a common team, Disney's ESPN instead chose to use their reach to try to shape a liberal agenda, such as labeling those who referred to the Washington Redskins as racists. They never bothered to ask Native Americans, and when the Washington Post finally did and found 9 in 10 did NOT consider the team name racist, ESPN personality Michael Wilbon said they were “stunned” by the findings of the poll, thinking the majority of Native Americans would be offended, adding that “this shuts the door on the issue” of changing the Redskins' name.” (see Breitbart story)
Perhaps a return to sports as a safe haven from political attacks and protests would bring back viewers.
The speculation that the left wing Disney might sell ESPN in light of the subscriber nosedive, as reported in this Breitbart story, might be the first step to sports programming that is about – well – sports.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
The suspect in the killing of University of Pennsylvania sophomore Blaze Bernstein appeared in court Friday to face a murder charge in the stabbing death of their former high school classmate, entering a plea of not guilty.
Samuel Woodward, 20, of Newport Beach, California, was arrested on Jan. 12 on suspicion of homicide and charged with one felony count of murder with a sentencing enhancement of the personal use of a knife, Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said.
PEOPLE has reached out to both Woodward's attorney and District Attorney but has yet to receive comment from either.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
During their arraignment on Friday, their bail was set at $5 million by the judge.  They are due back in court on March 2, according to the OC Register.
They face a maximum sentence of 26 years to life in state prison if convicted.
Home on winter break, Bernstein was reported missing on Jan. 3, hours after Woodward had picked them up at their house in Lake Forest in southern California, say authorities.
Blaze Bernstein Help Us Find Blaze Bernstein/Facebook
After an extensive search, Blaze's body was found on Jan. 9 in a shallow grave in the brush around the perimeter of a park near their home.
DNA evidence allegedly ties Woodward to the murder, District Attorney Tony Rackauckas says.
• For more compelling true crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard.
The DA said that authorities are still trying to determine a motive and have not provided any details of the killing except to say that Bernstein “was stabbed.”
Authorities have not commented on a potential motive in Blaze's killing. They are still investigating how well Woodward and Blaze knew each other when they attended high school at the Orange County School of the Arts —and why they were in the park together on the last night Blaze was seen alive.
The affidavit reveals that in June, Blaze texted two female friends about Woodward, the Register reports.
Samuel Woodward Ken Steinhardt/The Orange County Register via ZUMA
In one conversation, they texted that Woodward was about to “hit on me” and “he made me promise not to tell anyone … but I have texted every one, uh oh,” the affidavit states.
A search warrant affidavit released by the Orange County Register that has since been sealed revealed that Blaze was stabbed more than 20 times.
According to the affidavit, on Jan. 2, the night Bernstein went missing, Woodward told investigators that their former classmate kissed them on the lips while they sat in Woodward's car in the parking lot outside a Hobby Lobby in Lake Forest, near the park where Bernstein's body was later found.
Woodward allegedly told investigators that “he wanted to tell Blaze to get off of him,” the affidavit states.
The DA previously said authorities are still weighing whether to charge Woodward with a hate crime. “We're looking for that evidence and if and when we find it, we will amend the charges.”
Woodward was scheduled to be arraigned in Orange County Superior Court in January, but the hearing was postponed until Friday.
At the January hearing, a judge granted the prosecution's request for no bail and ruled that they continue to be jailed without bail until their arraignment.
B.C. voters will be given three new voting systems to choose from in the mail-in referendum on proportional representation this fall.
Attorney General David Eby has decided the ballot will contain two questions, the first being a choice between the current “first past the post” system for choosing MLAs, and a proportional representation system.
The second question is a choice of three systems, determined after review of more than 90,000 submissions. They are:
• Dual member proportional, where neighbouring pairs of districts in B.C. would be combined into one two-member constituencies, except for the larger rural districts, which would remain unchanged.
• Mixed member proportional, which combines single-member districts with party list candidates, added to give each party the number of seats determined by their share of the province-wide vote in an election.
• Rural-urban proportional representation, with multi-member districts for urban and semi-urban areas, with voters choosing their MLA on a ranked ballot. In rural areas, a mixed-member proportional system using candidate lists chosen by parties would be used.
The complexity of the options means voters will not have an official map of the new voting districts when they make their choice. Eby said if voters choose to change to a new system, the district boundaries would be determined by the independent Electoral Boundaries Commission.
B.C. Liberal leader Andrew Wilkinson called the options an “alphabet soup” of systems, some never heard of before. They said Premier John Horgan broke two promises, including one in last year's election campaign to offer people a simple yes-or-no choice.
The other was that regional representation would be protected in the referendum, which will now be decided in a simple majority of province-wide results where rural regions of the province are vastly outnumbered by urban centres.
“You'll notice that they've launched this question the day before the legislature is scheduled to rise for the summer,” Wilkinson said. “That is a sleazy and manipulative step that they've taken to avoid public debate on this issue.”
Eby said their recommendation to cabinet is that parties that receive less than five per cent of the total popular vote would not get an MLA.
They said organizations in favour of proportional representation and in favour of the current system are “ready to go” and they hope to have the formal campaign underway as soon as Elections BC can administer it.
Advocacy organizations will have a spending limit of $200,000 each and political parties will be subject to the same restrictions as an election, with no corporate or union donations permitted.
Details of the options are in the government's release here.
Debra Messing officially has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame — as well as the ultimate besties!
The Will & Grace star, 49, received the honor on Friday, with members of their elite squad in attendance: Mariska Hargitay, Connie Britton and Sophia Bush.
The quartet later posed together, gathering around Messing, who wore a vintage gold dress for the occasion, as they smiled widely for the cameras.
The actor was also joined by their 13-year-old son, Roman Zelman.
Messing, who is currently starring in the reboot of Will & Grace, gave a touching speech on their earliest memories of Hollywood.
“I think back to when my parents brought my brother and me to Hollywood the for the first time,” they said, according to ABC7. “Of course, we went to Universal Studios and Grauman's Chinese Theater.”
“The Wizard of Oz was my favorite movie and I couldn't believe that [I] was able to put my hand in Judy Garland's hand print,” they continued. “It felt like I had touched them I smiled all the way back to Rhode Island where my brother and I played Gilligan's Island in the forest behind out house. I always played Ginger because I knew someday I'd be a natural redhead.”
The new season of Will & Grace premieres Thursday at 9 p.m. ET on NBC.
Weird news stories from around the world… with a healthy dose of LASERS added in. Does it make sense? No not really, but it doesn't HAVE TO… it's “Laser Stories”!
By: The Associated Press
news@abc6.com
PAWTUCKET, R.I. - Sen. Jack Reed is teaming with Pawtucket Mayor Donald Grebien to discuss the impact of potential federal housing cuts for communities across Rhode Island.
The Washington Post reported last week that early numbers for fiscal year 2018 showed HUD's overall budget being slashed about 14 percent, to $40.5 billion, including cuts of about $2 billion from public housing funds.
Reed said the cuts could cost Rhode Island at least $20 million a year while hurting jobs and the production of affordable housing.
Housing Secretary Ben Carson said the budget cuts may not be as steep as some fear.
Reed and Grebien plan to speak Monday morning at the Leon Mathieu Senior Center in Pawtucket.
Reed is the top Democrat on the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
WA Pendleton OR Zone Forecast
WA Pendleton OR Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
431 FPUS56 KPDT 041058
ZFPPDT
Zone Forecast Product for Northeast Oregon and South Central Washington
National Weather Service Pendleton OR
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
This is an automatically generated product that contains an area
forecast using an average of the gridded forecast data for each
zone. The forecast may not be representative of the exact
location that you are interested in. For a more site-specific
forecast...please visit www.weather.gov/pendleton
WAZ026-042300-
Kittitas Valley-
Including the cities of Ellensburg and Thorp
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Highs 79 to 84. East wind 5 to 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy in the evening then becoming partly
cloudy. Lows 56 to 61. Northeast wind 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny. Warmer. Highs 91 to 96. East wind 5 to
10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 59 to 64. Southwest wind
5 to 10 mph shifting to the northwest 10 to 15 mph overnight.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 83 to 88. Northwest wind 10 to
15 mph shifting to the southwest 5 to 10 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. A slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Lows 53 to 58.
.SATURDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Highs 76 to 81. Lows
52 to 57.
.SUNDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs 83 to 93. Lows
55 to 61.
$$
WAZ027-042300-
Yakima Valley-
Including the cities of Naches, Sunnyside, Toppenish, and Yakima
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Highs 83 to 88. Northwest wind 10 to 15 mph shifting to
the northeast in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy in the evening then clearing. Lows 58 to
63. Northeast wind 10 to 15 mph shifting to the northwest
overnight.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny. Warmer. Highs 94 to 99. Northwest wind
5 to 10 mph shifting to the southeast in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 60 to 65. West wind 5 to
10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 87 to 92. West wind 5 to 10 mph
shifting to the southwest 10 to 15 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. A slight chance of thunderstorms.
Lows 54 to 59.
.SATURDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Highs 83 to 88. Lows
54 to 59.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs 88 to 93.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 56 to 62.
Highs 92 to 97.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs 91 to 96.
$$
WAZ028-042300-
Lower Columbia Basin of Washington-
Including the cities of Connell, Prosser, and Tri-Cities
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Highs 87 to 92. Northeast wind 10 to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 58 to 63. North wind 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 96 to 101. Northwest wind 5 to
10 mph shifting to the southwest in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 61 to 66. Southwest wind 5 to
10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny in the morning then becoming partly
cloudy. Highs 90 to 95. Southwest wind 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy. A slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Lows 57 to 62.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 84 to 89.
.SATURDAY NIGHT AND SUNDAY...Clear. Lows 55 to 60. Highs 89 to
94.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 60 to 65.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs 93 to 98.
.MONDAY NIGHT AND TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 59 to 64. Highs
92 to 97.
$$
WAZ029-042300-
Foothills of the Blue Mountains of Washington-
Including the cities of Dayton, Waitsburg, and Walla Walla
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Warmer. Highs 86 to 91. East wind 5 to 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 58 to 63. Northeast wind 15 to
20 mph becoming east 5 to 10 mph overnight.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 94 to 99. South wind 5 to 10 mph
shifting to the west in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 63 to 68. West wind 5 to
10 mph shifting to the south 10 to 15 mph overnight.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny in the morning then becoming partly
cloudy. Highs 88 to 93. Southwest wind 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Lows 57 to 62.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 82 to 87.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 56 to 61.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs 87 to 92.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 60 to 66.
Highs 90 to 95.
.TUESDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 88 to 93.
$$
WAZ030-042300-
Northwest Blue Mountains-
Including the city of Ski Bluewood Resort
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Warmer. Highs 70 to 79. Southeast wind 5 to 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Warmer. Lows 57 to 62. Southeast wind
5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 78 to 87. South wind around 5 mph
shifting to the west in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 54 to 59. Northwest wind
around 5 mph shifting to the southwest overnight.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny in the morning then becoming partly
cloudy. Highs 73 to 82. Southwest wind 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Lows 47 to 52.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 66 to 71.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 47 to 53.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs 72 to 79.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 51 to 58.
Highs 73 to 83.
$$
WAZ520-042300-
East Slopes of the Washington Cascades-
Including the cities of Appleton, Cle Elum, and Cliffdell
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Mostly cloudy. Highs 75 to 80. East wind 5 to 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers in
the evening, then partly cloudy overnight. Lows 52 to 57.
Northeast wind 5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 82 to 87. East wind 5 to 10 mph
shifting to the south in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 51 to 56. West wind 10 to
15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. A 20 percent chance of showers in the
afternoon. Highs 74 to 79. West wind 5 to 10 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. A slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Lows 48 to 53.
.SATURDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 69 to 76.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 48 to 55.
Highs 75 to 84.
$$
WAZ521-042300-
Simcoe Highlands-
Including the cities of Goldendale and Bickleton
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Mostly cloudy. Highs 79 to 84. Northeast wind 10 to
15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 55 to 61. North wind 15 to 20 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 86 to 92. Northwest wind 5 to
10 mph shifting to the southwest in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 56 to 61. West wind 10 to
15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny in the morning then becoming partly
cloudy. Highs 78 to 84. West wind 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Breezy. A slight chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows 51 to 56.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 77 to 82.
.SATURDAY NIGHT AND SUNDAY...Clear. Lows 52 to 57. Highs 82 to
87.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 53 to 60.
Highs 85 to 90.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs 83 to 88.
$$
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Morning News Call - India, June 15
To access the newsletter, click on the link: http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06152017.pdf If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/ FACTORS TO WATCH 9:30 am: AU Small Finance Bank Managing Director Sanjay Agarwal, NABARD Chairman HK Bhanwala to inaugurate bank's corporate office in Mumbai. 11:45 am: Steel Minister Chaudhary Birender Sing
AN elderly man remains in a critical condition after being struck by a car in Fremantle on Monday.
An 80-year-old woman was driving the car, a white 1992 Subaru Liberty station wagon, when the crash occurred.
Police say the car was being driven north along Beach Street in Fremantle at about midday.
As it neared the intersection with Parry Street, a man started crossing the road after walking from an adjacent carpark and was struck by the Subaru.
The pedestrian, a 93 year old man from East Fremantle, suffered serious injuries and was taken to Royal Perth Hospital where they remain in a critical condition.
The female driver was not injured in the crash.
Major Crash officers are investigating and are calling for anyone who saw the crash, or the Subaru or the pedestrian before the crash, to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or online at www.crimestopperswa.com.au.
The International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) Executive Board is set to meet here over the coming two days as the world governing body continues its battle to improve its anti-doping procedures to a degree deemed sufficient by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to stay on the Olympic programme at Paris 2024.
The IWF was given a deadline of December in June last year to deliver a "satisfactory" report to the IOC on how it will address the massive doping problem the sport is facing.
This followed 24 positive tests in weightlifting at the 2015 World Championships and 49 in the re-testing of samples from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games in Beijing and London respectively.
A new "hard-line" approach was supposedly unveiled, including the handing over of the IWF's anti-doping programme to the International Testing Agency.
The IOC then announced in December that it had requested a further report to be submitted last month to show the sport can implement its plans.
The IWF Executive Board is expected to hear reports from the IWF's Anti-Doping Commission and independent monitoring group, as well as one about the implementation of recommendations made by the independent Clean Sport Commission that examined weightlifting last year.
Also likely to be on the agenda is a report on the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) case involving the Weightlifting Federation of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
Kazakhstan, the nation with the worst doping record in weightlifting, angered rival nations last month by appealing to the CAS over the new Olympic qualifying system.
While countries with a clean record can send eight athletes to the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, Kazakhstan can send a maximum of two - one man and one woman - because its athletes have been caught cheating so often.
In the past 10 years, Kazakhstan weightlifters have tested positive 36 times at international championships, the Olympic Games and out of competition.
Ilya Ilyin was the most prominent name among the eight Kazakhs disqualified after the IOC re-tested samples from the Beijing 2008 and London 2012 Olympic Games ©Getty Images
Ilya Ilyin was the most prominent name among the eight Kazakhs disqualified after the IOC re-tested samples from the Beijing 2008 and London 2012 Olympics.
They lost five gold medals, two of them won by Ilyin, plus a silver and a bronze, for testing positive retrospectively.
Kazakhstan is one of nine nations serving a one-year suspension imposed by the IWF for multiple offences.
No nation in the world has had more positives since 2008, the date which the IWF used a start point in assessing its members' doping record for the purposes of awarding quota places for Tokyo 2020.
Several other countries are restricted to reduced places in Tokyo because they have accrued 20 or more positives in the past 10 years, Russia and Azerbaijan being among them.
No date has been announced for the CAS hearing, at which the IWF is confident it can successfully oppose Kazakhstan's appeal.
In a previous statement, the IWF said that the principle aim of its radical new system was "protecting clean sport" and pointed out that the qualifying process had been approved by the IOC.
Athletes will be tested far more often than in the past, as they must compete at least six times in the 18-month qualifying period that starts on November 1.
Another item expected to be on the agenda is a report on the Joint Committees meeting held today, focusing on the modification of the IWF Technical and Competition Rules and Regulations, and bodyweight categories.
Early last month, the IWF begun the final phase of determining the 10 new men's and women's bodyweight categories, which it hopes will provide greater athletic opportunities, improve inclusivity and enhance competition.
It followed a two-day meeting of the IWF Bodyweight Categories Working Group in Budapest.
The IWF Bodyweight Categories Working Group finalised its proposal on the 10 categories in each gender last month ©IWF
The Working Group reviewed the wide-range of proposals which have been submitted by the IWF's stakeholders and also conducted their own comprehensive research.
In line with the internal decision-making process, the proposal will be submitted to the IWF Committees and Executive Board here.
The Working Group is composed of members of the IWF Sport Programme Commission and two representatives from each of the three elected IWF Committees appointed by their respective chair.
The decision to increase the bodyweight portfolio from eight men's and women's categories to 10 was taken by the IWF Executive Board in November 2017.
The Working Group finalised its proposal on the 10 categories in each gender, drawing on a number of different factors and using scientific and statistical evidence.
The seven men's and women's medal events for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics will be drawn from the 10 men's and women's bodyweight categories, once they have been agreed.
The agenda is also likely to include items on matters surrounding the Buenos Aires 2018 Youth Olympic Games and an update report on preparations for the 2018 IWF World Championships, scheduled to take place in Turkmenistan's capital Ashgabat from November 1 to 10.
The IWF Executive Board meeting will be followed by the IWF Congress on Friday (July 6).
Both precede the IWF Junior World Championships, which are due to be held in Uzbekistan's capital from July 7 to 14.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
LONDON Injured England midfielder Jack Wilshere will return to Arsenal from Bournemouth at the end of the season and is expected to return to training in July, manager Arsene Wenger said on Thursday.
Wilshere, 25, broke their leg during a 4-0 defeat at Tottenham Hotspur last weekend and will be out until after the end of their loan deal.
Wenger told reporters they had discussed the situation with medical staff.
"They think it's a very simple fracture, that doesn't need any surgery at all. Hopefully they will be back in July for normal training," they said. "But we need patience. Let's hope that all goes well.
"Until the end of the season he's a player of Bournemouth but we have a good understanding with the medical staff," added the Frenchman. "The rehab will certainly be made here...because the loan spell ends at the end of the season."
The injury-prone Wilshere has made 27 league appearances for Bournemouth during their season-long loan deal, their biggest run of domestic outings since the 2013-14 season.
Once one of the brightest young hopes in English football, Wilshere slipped down the pecking order at Arsenal after managing only 17 games in two seasons blighted by prolonged spells on the sidelines.
However this season was looking brighter and Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe said this month that they wanted to sign the player, who is entering the final 18 months of their contract with Arsenal, on a permanent basis.
Wenger said negotiations with Wilshere had yet to start and the injury had nothing to do with any extension although they had been saddened to hear of it.
"Jack is a great football player, a great football brain and their career has been stopped by many injuries," they said. "Today at the top level the most important thing is the consistency of the presence.
"When the player has been out for a while, the game is of such intensity that it takes you always a while to find the rhythm, the confidence back. A great career doesn't suffer stop and go. You have to be consistently present.
"When you look at all the players who are at the top level in the world like (Real Madrid's Cristiano) Ronaldo, they play 50 or 60 games a year. They have the luck not to be stopped by injuries. so you are always sad when a guy of that quality is stopped by problems."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
[India], May 31 (ANI): In an order to avoid chaos on the roads, the Hyderabad Traffic police has made traffic diversions in the Old City during the holy month of Ramazan.
During the festive month, people head towards the Old city for shopping and also visit historic places.
Hence, the Traffic police has deployed extra staff to control the traffic.
In view of heavy road congestion during Ramadan in Old City, the Hyderabad Traffic Police has also provided free parking arrangements at several spots in the city.
Speaking to ANI, Charminar Traffic Inspector, Srinivas Reddy said, "During Ramazan season in Charminar number of pedestrians and vehicles increase, hence, we have provided free parking places for the visitors." Meanwhile, Joint Commissioner of Traffic, Hyderabad Anil Kumar said, "Ramadan is celebrated very grandly in Hyderabad, especially in old city we have made all the arrangements due to heavy traffic, and we have deployed extra staff from withdrawing other units. Especially we are deploying in the evening and night times when the crowd will be more on the roads." The month of Ramazan lasts around 29-30 days and the Muslims will fast between dawn and dusk. On the end of the month, Eid al-Fitr is celebrated to mark the end of the month, based on the visual sightings of the crescent moon. (ANI)
April 28 Shenzhen Ideal Jewellery Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 30 percent to 80 percent, or to be 23.6 million yuan to 32.6 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (18.1 million yuan)
* Comments that brand expansion is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/EWPrnK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
After trailing in the initial round of counting, the RJD established a comfortable lead of over 31,000 against JD-U in the bypolls to the Jokihat Assembly seat in Bihar on Thursday, according to the Election Commission officials.
After 20 rounds of the ongoing ballot counting, RJD candidate Shahbawaz Alam established a comfortable lead over JD-U's Murshid Alam.
The Jokikhat seat fell vacant following the resignation of JD-U MLA Sarfaraz Alam, who joined the RJD.
Voting for the seat took place on Monday.
The JD-U was backed by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), while the RJD had the support of the Congress and Hindustani Awam Morcha (Secular) of former Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi.
Jokihat is a Muslim-dominated Assembly constituency, considered as a stronghold of former Union Minister and Shahnawaz Alam's father Mohammad Taslimuddin, who died last year leading to bypolls in Araria Lok Sabha seat.
This is for the second time this year the RJD contested polls in the absence of RJD chief Lalu Prasad, who was jailed after being convicted in fodder scam case.
At present, Lalu Prasad is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Mumbai following provisional bail.
The RJD, under the leadership of Tejashwi Yadav, former Deputy Chief Minister and younger son of Lalu Prasad, proved again that it has an edge over the JD-U of Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar.
Two months ago, the RJD had defeated JD-U in bypolls to Jahanbad assembly seat and bypolls to Araria Lok Sabha seat.
Sen. John McCain blasted President Donald Trump on Friday for approving the release of the highly controversial GOP-Nunes memo, saying "if we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him."
Scroll for more content...
McCain, who chairs the Senate Armed Forces Committee, called on Trump and other elected officials to stop looking at special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation through "the warped lens of politics."
"In 2016, the Russian government engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy," McCain said. "... While we have no evidence that these efforts affected the outcome of our election, I fear they succeeded in fueling political discord and dividing us from one another."
In a written statement released around the same time the memo was declassified, the Arizona Republican characterized the memo and its release as "partisan attacks" on the FBI and the Department of Justice.
The so-called attacks "serve no American interests," they added -- "no party's, no president's, only Putin's."
"Our nation's elected officials, including the President, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows," McCain said. "If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him."
The release of the memo -- spearheaded by Devin Nunes, R-California, chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee -- sent shockwaves through Washington on Friday as congressional Democrats and a smattering of Republicans decried it as a GOP-led effort to undermine the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia.
The memo alleges that the FBI abused its surveillance authority during an investigation into Carter Page, the President's former foreign policy adviser.
Following the memo's release, congressional Democrats called on the House Intelligence Committee to release their own party's memo on the matter, which was produced by California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on that committee.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Half a million euro in funding has been announced for improvements to road networks on 4 Galway islands.
The funding, allocated by Junior Gaeltacht Minister Sean Kyne, is part of an overall allocation of 868 thousand euro for islands off Galway, Mayo, Cork and Sligo.
Of that, over half – some 462 thousand euro – will go towards improvement works on Inis Mor, Inis Meain, Inis Oirr and Inishbofin.
The lion's share of the funding – 281 thousand euro – has been allocated towards improvement works along 16 roads on Inishbofin.
A further 182 thousand euro will go towards major upgrade works on two of the primary roads on Inis Mor.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp
* Says Nankai Management Service Co.,Ltd filed a lawsuit against co's unit Toshiba Tec Corp regarding system construction business dispute, claiming compensation of about 16.4 million yen
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/Je6JUd
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Andy Harvey will be announced Wednesday as Police Chief of the Palestine Police Department. (Source: City of Palestine)
Andy Harvey will be introduced to the community of Palestine Wednesday as the police department's new chief, according to a news release.
The announcement was made Monday by Palestine City Manager Mike Alexander. “I am excited to name Andy as our new police chief,” Alexander said. “He brings a wealth of experience to Palestine.”
Harvey has more than 21 years of experience with the Dallas Police Department, the United States Air Force Reserve, Air National Guard, and the Texas Army National Guard.
Harvey previously served the Dallas Police Department as Commander of the Media Relations Unit and was the primary spokesperson for the Chief of Police and the department, an Investigative Unit Commander, and Patrol Commander of various patrol divisions, according to a news release. Harvey also commanded the Personnel and Community Engagement Divisions and is a certified master instructor with the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement.
“I am truly honored to have been selected to serve the city of Palestine as their next police chief. I am eager to learn more about the city and lead the great officers of the Palestine Police Department,” Harvey said.
Harvey was selected from a field of four finalists through interviews, panels, and public events in Palestine.
After leading troops during Operation Iraqi Freedom and Hurricane Katrina, Harvey retired as a First Sergeant with the Texas Air National Guard, the release stated.
Harvey earned a bachelor's degree from from Midwestern State University and a master's degree from the University of North Texas, where they also serve as an adjunct professor.
Harvey is expected to assume their duties as Palestine's police chief on August 28.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
[India], Mar. 20 (ANI): The YSR Congress Party (YSRCP) on Tuesday termed the special category status as lifeline of Andhra Pradesh.
YSRCP president Jagan Mohan Reddy took Twitter and appealed to all the parties in the House to cooperate in this crucial discussion on No Confidence Motion, moved against the Central Government for not granting the special category status to Andhra Pradesh.
"SCS is AP's lifeline! We humbly appeal to all parties in the House to cooperate in this crucial discussion on No Confidence Motion, moved against the Central Government for not granting SCS to AP (1/2)," Reddy tweeted.
In another tweet, they requested other parties request for an un-disrupted discussion on the issue. "While we acknowledge issues raised by other parties, we request for an un-disrupted discussion on SCS, that was promised on the floor of the house as a precondition to bifurcate our State. YSRCP will continue its fight for the people of AP to ensure SCS is granted(2/2)," they said. Meanwhile, talking to ANI, YSRCP MP cc requested the Speaker to allow their no-confidence motion. "We request the Speaker to allow our no-confidence motion. As long as the budget session continues we will press for discussion to take place on no-confidence motion. Ruckus has been happening in the House for past 15 days but the Finance Bill was passed," Reddy said. Yesterday, the Opposition could not move the no-confidence motion as the Lower House was adjourned. The Opposition party in Andhra Pradesh has been protesting in the Parliament over the non-issuance of special category status to the state. (ANI)
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive coordinator Todd Haley spoke to the media after Wednesday's minicamp practice and was asked about the possibility that the team will try and manage the reps of running back Le'Veon Bell this season. Haley said “we'll have all those discussions” but the reality is there's no way to know right now if limiting Bell's touches is even an option.
The reason being the depth at running back is a total unknown right now. The team signed Knile Davis as a free agent and drafted James Conner but at this point, there is no way Haley is going to hand either of them the backup role before training camp.
If you ask them the same question in mid-July you might get a different answer, but for now, there's no reason to think right now any of the running backs behind Bell on the depth chart have a prayer of stealing touches.
The team could have given a new contract to DeAngelo Williams or brought in another established veteran with starting experience. I say that with all due respect to Davis who is more of a kick returner and spot player on offense.
When it comes to managing their reps, the best way to do that could be by throwing the football more. There are plenty of weapons for quarterback Ben Roethlisberger to get the football to, so the prudent move, if keeping Bell fresh and more importantly healthy is to use the pass to set up the run and not the other way around.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
BOILING SPRINGS, N.C. — Patrick Zeck's putback with 11.4 seconds left lifted Gardner-Webb to a 63-61 win over Charleston Southern on Saturday.
David Efianayi missed a short jumper but Zeck was there for the follow from the centre of the paint.
Charleston Southern's Christian Keeling hit a 3-pointer with 48 seconds left then Cortez Mitchell made a steal under the Buccaneers basket and laid the ball in for a 61-all tie after trailing by 14 in the second half.
Jaheam Cornwall came off the bench to make three 3-pointers and score 14 points, 11 in the first half when the Bulldogs took a 39-29 lead. Liam O'Reilly also scored 14 points while Efianayi added 13 and Zack and DJ Laster 10 each as Gardner-Webb (12-3, 7-5 Big South) went to 10-0 at home.
Wintery weather conditions means Northamptonshire's recycling centres will open late today.
The delays will be at the Brixworth, Daventry, Ecton and Towcester sites whilst staff carry out essential work to clear snow and grit their roads and walkways for public safety.
Services are running normally at Corby and Wellingborough HWRCs at this time.
All sites may have to be periodically closed at short notice throughout the day to clear snow and re-grit.
The centres are asking for the public to only visit these sites if it is essential to do so, and to check the Northamptonshire County Council website for further updates before travelling.
The sites at Sixfields, Kettering and Rushden do not open on Mondays.
March 31 Wilmar International Ltd:
* Re-designation of executive deputy chairperson to non-independent non-executive director
* Martua Sitorus will step down from their position as executive deputy chairperson and relinquish their role as executive director
* Sitorus will continue to serve on Wilmar board as a director and will be re-designated as a non-independent non-executive director Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
× Bicyclist dies after collision with garbage truck in Auburn
AUBURN, Wash. – A bicyclist died after a collision with a Waste Management truck in Auburn on Wednesday morning, Auburn police said.
The man was in their 50s, but police haven't yet released their identity.
The accident happened around 9:30 a.m. on 4th St. S.E., just east of F St.
Police said the truck was making a turn into an alley, and it appeared the cyclist came from behind the truck, tried to cut in front, and was hit.
“Our hearts are heavy with news of this tragic accident,” Jason Rose, VP for Waste Management-PNW/BC wrote in a statement. “We extend our deepest condolences to those affected, and their families. We are working with the Auburn Police and are grateful to the first responders assisting at the scene.”
Roads were closed in the area for the investigation. There was no immediate word on how long it would take.
Athletics 6, Padres 2
San Diego Oakland ab r h bi ab r h bi Jnkwski rf 5 1 3 0 Semien ss 3 1 1 0 Margot cf 4 1 1 0 Pscotty rf 3 1 0 0 Hosmer 1b 4 0 0 1 Lowrie 2b 3 1 2 3 Myers lf 4 0 1 1 K.Davis dh 4 0 1 1 Vllneva 3b 4 0 0 0 M.Olson 1b 3 0 0 0 Spngnbr 2b 3 0 2 0 Canha cf 3 1 1 1 Pirela dh 3 0 0 0 M.Chpmn 3b 3 0 0 0 Galvis ss 3 0 0 0 Lucroy c 3 0 1 0 Hedges c 3 0 1 0 Pinder lf 2 2 2 1 Asuaje ph 1 0 1 0 Totals 34 2 9 2 Totals 27 6 8 6
San Diego 000 020 000—2 Oakland 000 005 10x—6
DP_San Diego 5, Oakland 1. LOB_San Diego 9, Oakland 2. 2B_Myers (6), Lowrie (25). HR_Canha (11), Pinder (8). SB_Jankowski (13). CS_Margot (7).
IP H R ER BB SO San Diego Richard L,7-8 6 6 5 5 5 2 Cimber 1 1 1 1 0 0 Brewer 1 1 0 0 0 0 Oakland Bassitt 4 2-3 7 2 2 3 6 Pagan W,2-0 1 1-3 1 0 0 0 1 Buchter H,7 1 0 0 0 0 1 Trivino 1 0 0 0 1 0 Treinen 1 1 0 0 0 1
WP_Bassitt.
Umpires_Home, Tim Timmons; First, Rob Drake; Second, Chad Whitson; Third, Mike Winters.
T_2:39. A_29,925 (46,765).
[India], December 11 (ANI): Terming the North East region as a 'very potential area', the Union Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas Dharmendra Pradhan on Monday appreciated the working nature and the honesty of the people in the North East.
While speaking to reporters at the Headquarters of Directorate General of Assam Rifles (DGAR), Pradhan said, "The working nature of the North East people and their honesty are the two characteristics of the north east which create a natural advantage for reliable employment."
"The challenge is on the ways and means which needs to be scaled up for skilling eco-system in the North East," they said.
Pradhan further stated that, "with the signing of the MoU, approximately 1200 personnel who retire annually from Assam Rifles will stand to gain from the initiative. They also added that retired Assam Rifles personnel were a pool of highly disciplined and skilled individuals.
However, Pradhan expressed confidence that the mechanism will create a good eco-system.
Pradhan further informed that they have reviewed skill development efforts in all the North Eastern states earlier in the week and expressed confidence that with collective effort every state is doing well towards development. They also promised to setup a mechanism to improve the supply of Fuel and Petroleum products to meet the needs of the force which is deployed in far flung corners of North East.
Union Minister was present at a ceremony to sign Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Assam Rifles and National Skills Development Commission (NSDC) which is set to pave the way for retiring Assam Rifles personnel towards a second career based on prior learning and experience.
The ceremony was held in the presence of Pradhan, senior officials from Assam Rifles, officials from the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship and National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC).
Meanwhile, Lieutenant General Shokin Chauhan, AVSM, YSM, SM, VSM, Director General Assam Rifles said that the signing is just the start as felt the need to get the jawans skilled once they retire to get themselves rehabilitated for a second career.
"I am happy that the Union Minister came with the promise of setting up some institutions here by which we can train our family and our children. Our larger aim is that a larger number of people in the North East get trained along with us".
Chauhan said that the army was a skilled unit and they needed to be retrained to deal with the world once they retire. (ANI)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Democratic Rep. Kyrsten Sinema said Friday they are “seriously considering” a run for the Arizona Senate seat held by Republican Jeff Flake.
The three-term member of congress says she's heard from many in their state encouraging them to run. Flake narrowly won their first term in 2012 and is among the very few GOP incumbents who might be vulnerable in next year's midterm elections in a Senate map that favors Republicans.
“I've heard from many Arizonans encouraging me to run for the United States Senate. It is something I am seriously considering,” Sinema said. “When I make any decisions, Arizonans will be the first to know.”
Sinema, 41, earned a reputation as a liberal while serving in the Arizona legislature. But she's sought to cultivate a more moderate profile in the House, joining the Blue Dog Coalition of centrist Democrats. After a relatively narrow win in their first House race in 2012, Sinema has comfortably won re-election and has more than $3 million in campaign cash on hand.
 They are the first openly bisexual member of Congress.
Flake has been a high-profile critic of President Donald Trump and has written a book, “Conscience of a Conservative,” that details their unease about Trump and the Republican Party. A major trump donor, Robert Mercer, has donated $300,000 to a super PAC backing Flake's GOP primary opponent, Kelli Ward.
Flake did not endorse Trump last year and says their party is in denial about Trump and the dysfunction they have brought to the presidency.
This is first statue of a woman in London's Parliament Square and coincides with the celebration of the 100th anniversary of women winning the right to vote in Britain
Published 9:42 PM, April 24, 2018
LONDON, United Kingdom – The first statue of a woman in London's Parliament Square was unveiled on Tuesday, April 24 to celebrate the 100th anniversary of women winning the right to vote in Britain.
The statue of women's rights campaigner Millicent Fawcett will stand alongside those of 11 men, including Britain's wartime leader Winston Churchill, Indian independence icon Mahatma Gandhi and anti-apartheid figurehead Nelson Mandela.
Prime Minister Theresa May – Britain's second female premier after Margaret Thatcher – led the unveiling ceremony.
Were it not for Fawcett, "I would not be here today as prime minister, no female MPs would have taken their seats in parliament, none of us would have the rights we now enjoy," May said.
"The struggle to achieve votes for women was long and arduous," and Fawcett "devoted their life to the cause".
May said Fawcett faced decades of fierce opposition as they campaigned on women's rights throughout Britain and the wider world.
"It is right and proper that, today, they take their place at the heart of our democracy," May said, whilst warning that the fight for equality was "far from won".
The statue marks February's centenary of the Representation of the People Act, which extended the vote to around eight million women aged over 30.
It was not until 1928 that British women gained the same voting rights as men, but the 1918 act was a major step that put the kingdom ahead of some contemporaries such as France.
Courage
The campaign for a statue of a woman opposite the British parliament started with an online petition two years ago by feminist campaigner Caroline Criado Perez.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said: "Finally, Parliament Square is no longer a male-only zone for statues."
The statue was created by British artist Gillian Wearing, who won the 1997 Turner Prize for visual arts.  They are the first woman to produce a statue for Parliament Square.
The monument shows Fawcett holding a placard reading "Courage Calls To Courage Everywhere," in tribute to a speech they gave upon the death of Suffragette Emily Wilding Davidson at the 1913 Epsom Derby horse race.
Fawcett themselves was a Suffragist, part of a moderate movement that predated the more militant Suffragettes.
 They are best known for their campaigns to improve women's opportunities in higher education and was a co-founder of the women-only Newnham College at Cambridge University.
They were also president of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies between 1897 and 1901.
Fawcett died in 1929 aged 82.
The 11 pre-existing statues in the square are of former British prime ministers Churchill, David Lloyd George, Viscount Palmerston, the Earl of Derby, Benjamin Disraeli, Robert Peel and George Canning; South Africa's PM Jan Smuts and president Mandela; US president Abraham Lincoln, and Gandhi. – Rappler.com
In its partisan zeal to protect the ongoing witch hunt against President Trump, our Nixonian media went into hyper-drive last week to ensure that the unethical and un-American behavior of President Obama's FBI and Justice Department remained covered up from the public.
After this cynical effort failed with the release of the Nunes memo Friday, the media quickly switched tactics and is now working feverishly to muddy the waters about the horror show revealed in the memo.
To begin with, it is obvious that a hysterical talking point about declaring the release of the memo a “Constitutional Crisis” has been spread far and wide… Naturally, the “constitutional crisis” in question is not the wrongdoing committed by federal law enforcement. Instead, because we are now deep within the head of the media's fabricated reality where wrong is right and up is down, the “constitutional crisis” is that government wrongdoing was uncovered.
One way the media are hoping to shield the federal government from accountability for its indefensible lies, cover-ups, and civil rights violations is to muddy the waters; to distract us with nonsense so that we lose focus on the sins committed by an FBI and Department of Justice (DOJ) that abused its power and public trust in unprecedented ways.
Here are 16 things the media do not want you to know about the Nunes memo:
The so-called Russian Dossier, the creation of Fusion GPS and former British spy Christopher Steele, is a political document — namely, opposition research, created for the Democrat National Committee and Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. Using what it knew was opposition research paid for by the Clinton campaign, in October of 2016, the FBI and DOJ obtained a FISA warrant from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to install a wiretap to spy on Hillary Clinton's opponent — the Trump campaign, specifically Carter Page. This spying would last for a year. It should be noted that the FISA court was set up to stop foreign terrorists. The fact that the FBI and DOJ would use this court to not only wiretap an American but to wiretap a presidential campaign belies belief. Why Obama's FBI and DOJ used this court as opposed to a normal court is obvious. As you will see below, a normal court probably would have denied the wiretap. Worse still, in the summer of 2016, Obama's DOJ had already opened a counter-intelligence investigation into the Trump campaign. The fact that nothing from that months-old partisan investigation was used to obtain the Page wiretap is revealing. According to the Nunes memo, an “essential” part of the FISA wiretap application was the Steele dossier, which again is a partisan political document created for the Clinton campaign. So essential was this partisan dossier, Andrew McCabe, the disgraced former-Deputy Director of the FBI, admitted in December that “no surveillance warrant would have been sought” without the dossier. Not only did the FBI knowingly use a document from a partisan campaign to obtain a FISA warrant to spy on the competing campaign, the FBI knew the dossier was mostly “salacious and unverified.” We know this because disgraced former-FBI Director James Comey told us so in June of 2017. According to the Nunes memo, “Steele told [former FBI official Bruce] Ohr, they ‘was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president.'” Ohr, who was part of the FBI's anti-Trump Russian investigation, was not only friendly with Steele, Ohr's own wife worked with Steele at Fusion GPS doing opposition research (the dossier) against Trump for the Clinton campaign. Despite a) knowing the dossier was opposition research paid for by the Clinton campaign b) knowing the dossier was “salacious and unverified” c) knowing Steele was desperate to destroy Trump d) the breathtaking conflict of interest in having an investigator's own wife working on the dossier, the FBI still went to the FISA court to obtain permission to spy on Hillary Clinton's opponent. In order to obtain a warrant to spy on the Trump campaign, all of the conflicts of interest above were withheld from the FISA court — an indefensible (and possibly illegal) lie of omission. Even worse, in order to legitimize a warrant request based on a piece of partisan opposition research they knew was “salacious and unverified,” the FBI and DOJ used a media report to bolster the findings in the phony dossier. The FBI and DOJ told the court that the media report was independent verification of the dossier. But this was not true, and, according to the Nunes memo, the FBI and DOJ knew this was not true. The truth is that the phony dossier was the source of this media report. Also hidden from the FISA court was the fact that the FBI obtained Steele as a source but had to fire them in October of 2016 when, in a bid to use their phony dossier to derail the Trump campaign, they leaked their information to the far-left Mother Jones. Although the FBI and DOJ were willing participants in pushing a “salacious and unverified” narrative against a presidential candidate (primarily through media leaks), this was all hidden from congressional investigators. To begin with, for months, while under oath, Comey said they did not know where the dossier came from — meaning from the Clinton campaign. The Wall Street Journal explains:
We also know the FBI wasn't straight with Congress, as it hid most of these facts from investigators in a briefing on the dossier in January 2017. The FBI did not tell Congress about Mr. Steele's connection to the Clinton campaign, and the House had to issue subpoenas for Fusion bank records to discover the truth. Nor did the FBI tell investigators that it continued receiving information from Mr. Steele and Fusion even after it had terminated him. The memo says the bureau's intermediary was Justice Department official Bruce Ohr, whose wife, incredibly, worked for Fusion.
All of this dishonesty occurred under Comey, the man our media now hold up as a living saint, a man so desperate to destroy Trump, they not only oversaw those committing the above abuses, they leaked classified information to the news media in order to see a Special Prosecutor appointed against Trump, which their pal, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, immediately did.
And finally…
16. Much of the “salacious and unverified” material in the dossier came from the Russians. In other words, those disgusting dossier lies about Trump's personal behavior came from Russian operatives. So there is no question that it was the Clinton campaign, Democrats, Steele, the FBI, and DOJ who colluded with the Russians to rig a presidential election.
Yes, there was collusion with the Russians, and those in our government currently investigating Trump in the hopes of overturning a presidential election are the colluders.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
A Berkeley, California, hot dog stand fired an employee in response to an online campaign to identify and maliciously publish private information – or “dox” – participants in Saturday's “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. The crowdsourcing effort to “name and shame,” however, has already misstepped, incorrectly identifying an Arkansas professor 1,100 miles away from the men carrying torches as a racist.
Wrongly named by internet vigilantes, Kyle Quinn was “quickly flooded with vulgar messages on Twitter and Instagram,” reported the New York Times. “Countless people they had never met demanded they lose their job, accused them of racism and posted their home address on social networks.”
advertisement
For someone whose only sin was a passing resemblance to someone else — the actual man in the Charlottesville photo has not been conclusively identified — Mr. Quinn bore the direct consequences of the reckless spread of misinformation in breaking news, a common ritual in modern news events.
As for the hot dog stand employee — whom Breitbart News has decided not to name as they too may have been wrongly identified and does not appear to have been involved in any violence — was outed after their picture was circulated on Twitter. They were a cook at Berkeley's Top Dog hot dog restaurant.
A poster taped in a window of the establishment read:
Effective Saturday 12th August, [Employee's Name] no longer works at Top Dog. The actions of those in Charlottesville are not supported by Top Dog. We believe in individual freedom and voluntary association for everyone.
The Twitter account @YesYoureRacist led the charge to dox rally attendees, posting pictures of white nationalist participants online and encouraging others to help identify them.
If you recognize any of the Nazis marching in #Charlottesville, send me their names/profiles and I'll make them famous #GoodNightAltRight pic.twitter.com/2tA9xliFVU — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
The account celebrated the firing of its first Charlottesville doxing victim on Sunday.
The owner of the Twitter account, which has been active since 2012, was themselves doxed, reportedly by users of the website “4chan,” Sunday. Identified as Logan Smith, they are an employee at Progress North Carolina Action and a HuffPost contributor.
Smith joined CNN's Brooke Baldwin Monday, confirming their identity and mission behind the @YesYoureRacist account.
When asked why they were so passionate about calling people out, Smith said that, when they saw the images coming out of Charlottesville, the “angry men with torches,” they thought “they're not hiding anymore. They're not wearing their hoods anymore. If they are really so proud of their white supremacist belief, then I think their communities should know who these people are.”
Smith went on to explain that white people, in particular, must take responsibility for calling out bigotry:
I think that everyone has a responsibility to stand up against bigotry. I'm probably not the person you would expect to be running an anti-racist Twitter account, but white people, in particular, have a responsibility to stand up against white supremacy, because if we don't, if we don't challenge bigotry whenever we see it, then we are being silently complicit in it.
Mr. Smith apparently does not believe a left-wing, nonprofit worker who writes for HuffPost is who people think would be behind an account like this.
Asked whether any of their targets had been outed yet, Smith confirmed that indeed several had, including “one young man from Nevada … pictured with an incredibly angry expression.” After tracking them down and finding that they were pictured once with Nevada Senator Dean Heller, Smith countered the argument that the rally's participants are fringe activists, saying, “clearly [they're] not.”
Progress NC Action, Smith's employer, is a state affiliate of Progress Now, a 501(c)(4) advocacy group dedicated to “promot[ing] progressive ideas and causes.”
Breitbart News asked HuffPost, which has run several pieces condemning the practice of doxing when left-wing “social justice warriors” are the victims, whether it would continue publishing Smith's work. At the time of publication, HuffPost had not responded to our inquiry about Smith's future writing for the website.
While workplace retaliation is not new, the rise of technology and social media has made it riskier for individuals to participate in events not aligned with their employer's political views. While Breitbart News does not condone the motivations behind last weekend's rally, it was scheduled as a lawfully permitted free speech event, protected under the U.S. Constitution's First Amendment.
As seen with the recent Google manifesto and subsequent firing of James Damore, differences in ideology have become increasingly taboo in the workplace.
This intolerance, however, seems to swing predominately one way, with corporations caving more and more to pressure from the Left.
Walmart has gone so far as to sell clothing bearing the slogans of Black Lives Matter, a movement of which supporters shot and killed five police officers in Dallas last year and which is reported to have been involved in the violence that plagued Charlottesville Saturday.
Other than the hot dog stand employee, no other participant in this weekend's protest has yet been reported to have been fired. Baldwin, however, congratulated Smith and wished them more scalps with their “name and shame” effort. “Good on you, Logan Smith. Keep doing it.”
Amanda House is Breitbart News' Deputy Political Editor. You can follow them on Twitter at @AmandaLeeHouse.
This time it looks official.
John Terry will leave Chelsea at the end of the season, ending a 22 year association with the Blues.
It had been expected that the captain would depart Stamford Bridge at the end of last season, before being offered a one year contract extension by Antonio Conte.
But he's played just 10 times this season in all competitions, before today's announcement that they will leave the club.
In a lengthy joint-statement from Terry and the club, they say that they have no plans to retire just yet.
"After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club. From coaches, team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years, I can't thank you enough. There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks.
"I will decide on my future in due course, but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season.
John Terry – Chelsea career
578 times captain
713 apps, 3rd most for club
66 goals, top scoring defender
14 trophies
4 PL starts in 16-17 pic.twitter.com/SKuOJEFeew — Sky Sports Statto (@SkySportsStatto) April 17, 2017
"The club and I have always had a fantastic relationship, which will continue beyond my playing days. We had some really positive talks but with everything taken into careful consideration I have decided it's the right time for me to leave. I've always been conscious that I depart at the right time, in the right way, and I feel that the end of this season is the right time for the club and I. I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me. I'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge. I will of course always be a Blue and am desperate to end my final season as a Chelsea player with more silverware.
"Finally, words cannot describe the love I have for our football club and our amazing Chelsea fans. I would like to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart for the unbelievable support you've shown me over the years. You mean the world to me and every trophy we've won during my time at the club we've won together. I will never forget the incredible journey we've been on. Thank you so much for everything."
Government agents seize the contraband in a warehouse in Valenzuela City 3 days after it left the Manila International Container Port
Published 7:36 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Bureau of Customs (BOC) is in hot water after P6.4 billion ($125.4 million)* worth of shabu that was smuggled into the country got past what should have been tight screening by the bureau in May 2017.
The controversy has been the subject of marathon congressional hearings, which have so far highlighted the alleged involvement of several BOC officials in smuggling, based on statements by broker Mark Ruben Taguba.
While the billions-worth of shabu was eventually discovered in a warehouse and seized by authorities, the public has yet to know how the shipment containing a huge amount of illegal drugs was able to get past the Customs monitor.
Rappler tracks the shipment's movement – from arriving in the Philippine port to when it was eventually seized in Valenzuela City – based on what has been said during the Senate and House hearings.
MAY 16, 2017
Guang Ping Voyage No. 1719S, the vessel carrying the container with shabu, arrives at the Manila International Container Port (MICP) in Tondo, Manila.
MAY 17
Teejay Marcellana, a licensed Customs broker, lodges the shipment – claimed to contain kitchenware – under Entry Number C-129547 in the BOC's Electronic-To-Mobile (E2M) Import Assessment System.
MAY 18
The importer, EMT Trading, owned by a certain Eirene Tatad, pays the taxes and duties amounting to P40,038 ($785). Tatad, during the Senate hearing on July 31, claims they were not aware at that time that the shipment contained illegal drugs.
BOC, through its Online Releasing System (OLRS), later approves the release of the container to the green lane, also called the express lane. Shipments that pass through this lane are not put through the X-ray.
This move is against BOC rules, which prohibits first-time importers and shipments from China from going through the green lane.
MAY 23
The truck carrying the container filled with shabu leaves the MICP's International Container Terminal Services (ICTSI). With plate number AAL 3123, the vehicle is registered under Golden Strike Logistics Incorporated.
MAY 25
Chinese business person Richard Tan (Chen Ju Long) – as they would later claim during the congressional hearings – calls the Bureau of Customs around 11 pm about the illegal shipment after they receive information from the China Customs Ministry in Xiamen.
The details are allegedly from an intelligence report by Zhang Xiaohui, the director of China's International Enforcement Cooperation Division of the Anti-Smuggling Bureau.
While BOC paints Tan as an informant, Customs broker Mark Taguba identifies them as the mastermind. They say Tan is the real importer of the illegal drugs, adding that the business person was the one who hired them to “fix the shipment” via a middleman named Kenneth Dong.
Dong, according to a Cebu Daily News report, is also being investigated by the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency-Central Visayas as a "person of interest" over alleged involvement in the trafficking of illegal drugs.
MAY 26
A little over 3 hours after receiving the information and organizing a team, Customs Intelligence and Investigation Service (CIIS) Director Neil Estrella meets with Tan and an interpreter inside a car in Valenzuela City.
At 2:30 am, the 3 individuals and the CIIS team go inside the Tan-owned Hong Fei Logistics Warehouse located in Paseo de Blas, Valenzuela City, where they discover 5 cylinders containing shabu.
The total seized illegal drugs early morning of May 26 amount to 604 kilos of shabu worth at least P6.4 billion.
But without the presence of Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) representatives during the initial raid, which goes against protocols, the smuggled drugs can be considered inadmissible as evidence in court.
PDEA is only called in when Customs agents are about to conduct a "controlled delivery operation" in Barangay Ugong, Valenzuela City. Fidel Anoche Dee, the consignee, receives the container.
Dee is asked to open one crate in the presence of barangay officials, PDEA, BOC, and the media (READ: Customs seizes P6.4-B worth of shabu in Valenzuela)
Conspiracy within BOC?
Senators see “connivance” between Customs officials and Chinese personalities regarding the smuggled shabu.
But amid the controversy, President Rodrigo Duterte remains confident in BOC Commissioner Nicanor Faeldon.
"The Chief Executive reiterated their trust and confidence in Customs Commissioner Faeldon and asked them to focus on their job of serving the nation in their capacity as head of Customs," said Malacañang in a statement sent on August 2. (READ: #AnimatED: Bilyunang shabu ang nakapuslit, Presidente ay di galit?)
Duterte has even asked Congress to allocate an additional P4.2 billion ($82.3 million) on top of its P3.6-billion ($70.5 million) proposed budget for 2018 to help BOC boost its workforce. – Rappler.com
*$1 = P50
Vodacom launches SMS emergency service for the deaf
Vodacom has launched what it believes to be South Africa's first SMS emergency service for deaf, hearing- and speech-impaired customers.
The Vodacom 082 112 SMS Emergency Service is free for Vodacom Prepaid, Contract and Top Up customers who are deaf, hearing and speech impaired.
Previously deaf and hearing impaired persons were unable to contact an emergency service centre as it could only be accessed via voice calls.
The new Vodacom 082 112 SMS emergency service now provides deaf and hearing-impaired customers with the option to request emergency services such as police, fire and ambulance services by sending an SMS to 082 112.
In order to use this new service, customers can register their details by sending an SMS to 082 112.
Karen Smit, Vodacom principal specialist for specific needs, comments: “We are confident that this initiative will assist in promoting the ability to communicate for deaf and hearing-impaired customers through digital inclusion as they can now request help should they experience an emergency situation.”
Bruins re-sign forward Sean Kuraly to 3-year deal
BOSTON (AP) — The Boston Bruins have re-signed forward Sean Kuraly to a three-year deal.
The contract has an annual cap hit of $1.275 million, the team said.
Kuraly scored six goals last season, their first full season in the NHL. They had two goals and a pair of assists in the playoffs.
Also Tuesday, the Bruins signed forward Anton Bildh to a two-way contract that would pay them $650,000 in the NHL. They had 11 goals and 15 assists with Providence of the AHL last season.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
TACOMA, Wash. — Retired Army surgeon Jim Sebesta of Tacoma was at the concert in Las Vegas last Sunday night when a gunman opened fire into the crowd from high above in a room at the Mandalay Bay Hotel.
At first, Sebesta said, he, like a lot of people there thought the sound was from fireworks. But when they saw a muzzle flash from the shooter's hotel room, they knew what was happening.
He, their wife and some friends hunkered down until the shooting stopped.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Sebesta told them to get to safety. Then they ran into harm's way to help the wounded.
"There was no way that I could not go down and help them," they said of the wounded.
They describe making trip after trip into the line of fire to help get the injured out. And they recall having to tell people that the victims they were trying to save had already died.
The gunman, 64-year-old retired accountant Stephen Paddock of Mesquite, Nev., shot and killed 58 people at the concert and injured hundreds from their perch on the 32nd floor before taking their own life as police were about to break into their hotel room.
Even though Sebesta had been in combat, they said this was different.
"I've been shot at, I've been rocketed, I've done all that. This was way different. For me, war is war and whether you believe in it or not, there was a reason there. This has affected me a lot more, because it took me a long time to believe someone was even doing this."
Investigators in Las Vegas have yet to determine Paddock's motive for the mass shooting -- the deadliest in U.S. history.
Sebesta said that since the shooting, some days have been harder for them than others, but he's taking it one day at a time.
BARCELONA Cristiano Ronaldo hogged the headlines after their hat-trick against Atletico Madrid put Real Madrid on the verge of the Champions League final, although captain Sergio Ramos believes an effervescent squad was a crucial factor behind their success.
Real shook off the absence of record signing Gareth Bale and an injury to Dani Carvajal in the first half to crush Diego Simeone's usually resilient side, scoring as many goals on Tuesday as Atleti had conceded in their previous seven games.
Real's least experienced defender Nacho Fernandez was called on to deputise for Carvajal in the unfamiliar right-back role while the display of Isco was viewed by many in the Spanish media as an upgrade on Bale, and 21-year-old Marco Asensio caused Atleti numerous problems down the left when they came on.
"The squad is the key to our success, having substitutes that always make their presence felt and play as well as those of us who play more often," Ramos told reporters.
"This is the path we need to follow, where everyone is committed and ready to do their part. It's difficult at Madrid to keep everyone happy because everyone is so good but those demands and the level of competition makes everyone eager to play and make the difference."
Barring a remarkable turnaround in next Wednesday's semi-final second leg at the Vicente Calderon, Real will reach a third Champions League final in four years, while they are on course to win a first domestic league title since 2012.
"It was one of those games where everything went well, it was an impeccable performance," said Ramos.
"We kept a clean sheet and as well as Cristiano's goals, which will grab the front pages, you have to highlight the mentality of the group, our efforts, our willingness to press Atletico high in their own half."
Atletico also had injury problems going into the game and were missing both of their right backs in Juanfran and Sime Vrsaljko as well as Jose Gimenez.
Yet Simeone's side looked flustered, while there was a remarkable freshness to Madrid, which Ramos said was down to Zinedine Zidane's rotation policy.
The Frenchman, who is on track to become the first coach to successfully defend the European Cup since AC Milan's Arrigo Sacchi in 1990, has carefully managed their squad throughout the season.
No-one has been exempt from sitting out the occasional game, even Ronaldo, who has started 26 of 34 league fixtures, and resting the prolific Portuguese paid dividends as they added to their treble against Bayern Munich in the quarter-final second leg with another hat-trick.
"Zidane has been very intelligent in managing the minutes everyone plays," added Ramos.
"The players who normally play the most are arriving at the most important moments of the season feeling fresher and more focused."
(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
MORRISTOWN (WATE) – Phone scammers usually try to target vulnerable groups, like retirees or people in debt. Another group heavily targeted is people in the military, both retired and those on active duty.
Fraudsters will call to “offer help” with paperwork for pensions or benefits, but what they're really after is to steal personal information, or identity theft, to enrich themselves.
It was early AprIl when Becky Kopper received a strange phone message that had them puzzled.
“This is Benny Vargas from Marine Corps, calling in regards to your reserve retirement. Would you please give me a call…” said the message.
While the caller's name was hard to understand, the intent of their call was unmistakable. They had important information about Gil Kopper's retirement. Gil Kopper retired from the Marines 28 years ago. Becky Kopper gave the phone to their husband, who listened to the guy for around 10 minutes.
“The way I heard it from them is that I have a whole bunch of money coming to me,” said Gil Kopper adding that the called talked about back pay and a military refund, but they had never heard of either.
“He was asking us for information and not giving us any information,” said Becky Kopper.
“I said I'm retired active duty,” Gil Kopper said.
Despite what Gil Kopper said, the trickster insisted on trying to squeeze personal information from him. They retired as a Master Sergeant and served multiple tours in Vietnam before leaving the Marines after a distinguished career. Using their best “command voice,” they got fed up with the scammer.
“Apparently they didn't like my voice because I was harsh. I told them flat out, ‘I'm not giving you any information.' They said, ‘I need it.' I said, ‘Sir, if you need it you can go back to headquarters and find out all the information you need,'” said Gil Kopper.
When WATE 6 On Your Side called the number left on the Koppers' caller ID, only a voice mailbox was available and our message was never returned.
While the Koppers didn't fall for the scam, they worry that others might.
“Some people in worse financial positions than us is going to say, ‘Money, money money,' to pay bills, buy food, all the necessities of life. And they'll go for it,” said Becky Kopper.
Numbers compiled by the Consumer Sentinel Network show that military retirees and veterans are targeted and the most vulnerable to identity theft scams. Compromised government benefits made up over 51 percent of the complaints related to identity theft. The best way to prevent fraud is to report any suspected scams to local authorities or the government agency that claimed to be calling you directly.
The best advice is if a caller requests personal information, you should say no and hang up.
March 30 Pluristem Therapeutics Inc
* Pluristem and Sosei CVC advancing towards finalizing joint venture for the commercialization of plx-pad in Japan
* Pluristem - Pluristem and Sosei CVC currently anticipate definitive agreements are to be finalized in coming months, rather than by March 31 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
New year, old friends!
Blake Lively celebrated the start of 2017 with a little help from their Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants costars. The actor took to Instagram to share a cute snapshot with Amber Tamblyn and America Ferrera.
While Lively and Tamblyn appeared to ring in the new year together, they made sure to get their pal in on the fun, Facetiming Ferrera during the late-night festivities.
“This year has taught us a lot. But it's reminded us to practice something we've always known. ‘Love your pals. Love yourself,' ” they captioned the above shot. “Happy 2017.”
All that's missing from this photo? The fourth member of the fan-beloved quartet, Alexis Bledel.
The group have been best friends since starring in the 2005 film in addition to the 2008 sequel, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2.
There's been plenty talks of a possible third installment, and Lively further teased fans about an upcoming film recently. “There's a strong chance there might be a third. The four of us are still best friends. To be able to create something together again has always been a dream of ours,” they told Jess Cagle, Editorial Director of PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly in June.
And Lively gave birth to their second daughter in September, while Tamblyn is pregnant with their first.
“So proud of my dear friend, and new mama to be, @amberrosetamblyn,” Lively captioned a photo of themselves holding Tamblyn's growing bump. “Whatever your beliefs, one thing is certain, the world must be a better, safer place for women and girls.”
A plane on its way from Skagway to Juneau made an emergency water landing Monday morning. Everyone on board the aircraft swam safely to shore.
Haines resident Luck Dunbar was one of them.
“Well there you are, you're sitting there thinking ‘This is it. This is it. Here we go,'” Luck Dunbar recounted.
Dunbar boarded the Alaska Seaplanes flight around 5:30 a.m. Monday. The plane flew from Haines to Skagway to pick up three more passengers. Then, it headed for Juneau.
Dunbar is a commercial fisherman who was on their way to Sitka to get their boat. Once on board the flight, they took a nap. They woke up to what they describe as the engine making an unusual noise.
Soon after, they said the plane started to descend early. They asked the pilot what was going on.
“He pointed over by Coghlan Island and they said, ‘I think we're going to lay them down over here,'” Dunbar said.
According to the Alaska State Troopers, the pilot was Haines resident Joshua Poirier.
Poirier declared an emergency following an engine failure. That's according to a press release form Seaplanes General Manager Carl Ramseth.
The troopers said Poirier made an emergency landing in the ocean, about 150 feet from Coghlan Island.
Dunbar said after hitting the water, they were able to keep the plane upright.
“Josh, the pilot, did an amazing job,” Dunbar said. “He kept the nose up. We hit the water as slow as that plane could fly. Still keeping the nose up. By the time the nose hit we had lost enough momentum where we didn't flip the plane.”
Then, they exited the aircraft.
“I opened the door without a problem,” Dunbar said. “Opened it up wide, reached down to unbuckle. There was water going up my arm pretty quick. I got unbuckled. I looked back, everyone was scrambling, doing their thing to get out of the plane. The back door opened. The pilot opened their door, I opened my door. Everybody scrambled, got out of the plane.”
All four passengers and Poirier swam to shore.
“We swam and swam and swam,” Dunbar said. “Not going to lie, by the time I got to the beach I was pretty exhausted. I had too many layers on. I was feeling pretty heavy, feeling pretty blessed to just relax and have my feet touch the sand of the beach of Coghlan Island.”
According to the troopers, an Alaska Seaplanes aircraft equipped with floats responded to the scene and retrieved the four passengers. Poirier stayed on the beach and was later picked up by Coastal Helicopters.
All of the passengers and the pilot were assessed by Capitol City Fire/Rescue and were released with no injuries.
Troopers said the plane that went down was a Cessna T207 on wheels. Its last airworthiness certificate was issued by the FAA in September 2015. It is set to expire in about a year. The National Transportation Safety Board and Alaska Seaplanes are working together to determine the cause of the accident.
Ramseth commended Poirier's actions in the incident.
Dunbar thanked the airline, and credits Poirier for the success of the rescue.
“He did an amazing job,” Dunbar said. “He instructed us on exactly what to do at the proper time. We wouldn't be here if it wasn't for Josh.”
Alaska Seaplanes is based in Juneau and operates daily flights to communities in Southeast Alaska. Seaplanes gained a monopoly on its market after competitor Wings of Alaska shut down in March.
Dunbar said this incident has not deterred them from flying.
“I'll be flying happily for the rest of my life knowing that can't happen twice, right?” they said.
In fact, Dunbar got on another Seaplanes flight to finish their trip to Sitka the same day.
Editor's note: This story has been updated and expanded with comment from passenger Luck Dunbar.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
JEFFERSON CITY (WATE) – A woman in Jefferson City said no to a pool contractor who demanded they be paid in full before the job was completed. It turned out it was a good thing they held them ground.
The installer has a history with police in southwestern Florida. Tracee Fitzpatrick thought they had done their homework when they purchased a fiberglass pool earlier this summer. They had no idea what would happen over the following six weeks.
Fitzpatrick should be swimming in their new pool by now. In late June, the backyard to Fitzpatrick's home was excavated and a big hole dug as the 11-by-21 foot pool was lowered into place. It's a fiberglass pool, the Opal model, sold by Barrier Reef out of South Carolina. A local dealer set it up.
“He wanted a $7,500 deposit before they started anything, which we did,” they said.
Fitzpatrick said the contract then called for another $8,250, which they paid immediately after the pool was delivered and the set up started.
Lucas Hornstein, a dealer for Barrier Reef, is a local pool contractor. Fitzpatrick said Hornstein told them the job would take a maximum of 10 days if the weather was good. It wasn't long after the pumps were installed, the electrical outlets and filters hooked up, and lines from the pool set up when Luke Hornstein demanded their final draw – the payment in full.
“I was only holding back $8,500. I was scared to give them anymore. I demanded, ‘You need to finish the pool.' That's the way it's listed on the closeout, the final payment. It didn't call for another draw,” Fitzpatrick said.
Fitzpatrick demanded that Hornstein honor the contract. Instead, they quit.
Fitzpatrick googled their name and came up with this police mug shot of Lucas Hornstein following their arrest in Florida. Work on the pool stopped weeks ago. Fitzpatrick exchanged several messages with Hornstein that contained graphic content.
A few weeks ago, electrical subcontractors showed up wanting $2,000.
“Then I'm met with people at my door, such as the electrical that was done. They wrote a bad check to the electrical company,” they said.
A disclaimer by the pool company says they're not responsible for the actions of their dealers.
“I think its their responsibility to make sure they're bonded, insured and do not have a criminal record,” said Fitzpatrick.
Hornstein was not immediately available on the phone, so WATE 6 On Your Side left a message. They later returned it with another message: “This is Lucas Hornstein. Got your message about Mrs. Fitzpatrick. I don't have any ill feelings towards them or the decisions they made. I don't understand really what had happened. I wouldn't mind trying to help finish the job. I'd be more than happy to speak with you.”
Since that call, Hornstein has not returned any additional calls nor spoken with Fitzpatrick. However, he's changed their business name from Smoky Mountain Pools to Sunny Pools and their claims shows he's still a dealer with Barrier Reef pools.
The South Carolina company said “it is not common for its dealers to ask for payment in full until the pool is finished.” While the company said it “does not do police background checks on its potential dealers, Hornstein's bank and work references were satisfactory.”
Barrier Reef said it “prides itself in offering a quality product though its dealer base” and has “terminated Mr. Hornstein as an approved dealer” for the company.
Now, there's a new issue at Fitzpatrick's home. Erosion from recent rain has caused the pool to shift.
“You can see the original dig hole that was too large for the pool. And now when my pool was originally level, it has now sunk about 2 and a half inches,” they said.
The pool may have to be removed. Fitzpatrick said Barrier Reef is assisting them but finishing the job will take time.
“I won't have a pool until October,” they said.
Barrier Reef said it will do everything possible to see that Fitzpatrick is completely satisfied with their pool. They have also filed a civil suit against Hornstein, which is expected to be heard in court later this month.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SANTA BARBARA, Calif. — Leland King II had 25 points and a career-high 17 rebounds to help UC Santa Barbara remain tied atop the Big West Conference with a 75-51 win over CSU Northridge on Saturday night.
The victory improved the Gauchos' home record to 11-0, their best ever start to a season. Their overall record of 18-5 is their best overall start since the 1988-89 team did the same. In conference they are tied with UC Davis at 7-2.
UCSB first pulled away with an 8-2 run to end the first half with a 32-25 lead. The Gauchos then kept CSU Northridge (5-18, 2-7) at bay until going on a 19-1 run to lead 68-44.
Max Heidegger added four 3-pointers and 14 points, Marcus Jackson scored 12 and Ami Lakoju 10 for UC Santa Barbara.
Melissa A. Simmons, 35, of Moville, Iowa, formerly of Danbury, Iowa, passed away Monday, February 6, 2017 at the University of Iowa Hospital of Iowa City, Iowa, with their family by their side.
A Mass of Christian Burial was held at 11:00 a.m. on Monday, February 13, 2017 at St. Mary's Catholic Church of Danbury, Iowa. Father Dan Greving officiated, with interment following in the Liston Township Cemetery of Danbury, Iowa.
The Armstrong – Van Houten Funeral Home of Mapleton, Iowa is in charge of the funeral arrangements. Condolences may be sent online to www.armstrongfuneral.com
Melissa Ann Simmons was born on April 8, 1981 to Scott and Shari Simmons at the Onawa Hospital of Onawa, Iowa. They graduated from Maple Valley High School with the class of 2000.
Melissa continued their education at Western Iowa Tech Community College in Sioux City, Iowa, where they enrolled in the Early Childhood Program. They later went back and enrolled into the Vet Technician Program, graduating in the summer of 2016.
They were employed at the Dollar General Store in Moville, Iowa. They also volunteered their time to the Humane Society in Sioux City, Iowa when needed.
They loved spending time with their family — especially with their niece, Elise and their nephew, Liam. They were everything to them They also loved spending time with my friends.
Those left to cherish their memories are their devoted parents, Scott and Shari Simmons of Danbury, Iowa; their brothers, Ricky of Danbury, Iowa and Allen of Moville, Iowa; their niece Elise and nephew Liam Simmons; their grandparents, Tom and Edna Phillips of Ida Grove, Iowa and Leona Simmons of Danbury, Iowa; and many aunts, uncles, cousins, and friends.
Melissa was preceded in death by their grandpa, Carl Simmons, and their cousins Michael Moser and Austin Krager.
CTV Atlantic
Police are investigating after several shots were fired near a home in Grand Barachois, N.B., Thursday afternoon.
Southeast District RCMP say shortly after 3 p.m., officers were called to a home on Route 133 after the homeowner reported hearing gunshots.
Officers arrived to find that several shots had been fired, including one that struck the house.
A nearby vehicle was also damaged.
Anyone with information on the incident is asked to contact Shediac RCMP or Crime Stoppers.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — Leaders of a plan to erect industrial-sized tents to house San Diego's burgeoning homeless population announced Monday that more than 200 people have endorsed the proposal, including many civic leaders.
Peter Seidler, part of the Padres ownership team, and restaurateur Dan Shea describe their plan as a bridge to the "Housing First'' model being adopted across the country to address the homelessness problem.
In Housing First, the homeless not only get off the streets but are also provided necessary social services like substance abuse treatment, health care and job counseling.
Seidler and Shea first announced their plan last month. Among those announcing their backing of the proposal were philanthropist Malin Burnham, San Diego Regional Economic Development Corp. President and CEO Mark Cafferty, developer Doug Manchester and Kris Michell, who heads the Downtown San Diego Partnership.
Rep. Scott Peters, D-San Diego, and county Supervisor Ron Roberts also signed on to the plan.
In January's annual tally of the area's transient population, 5,619 homeless individuals were counted in the city of San Diego, a 10.3 percent increase from last year. Of those, 3,231 were living on the streets.
City and county officials have responded recently with a series of proposals on how to address both homelessness and a lack of affordable housing.
The city of San Diego funded a cold-weather shelter in a tented structure in Barrio Logan for around 30 years. It was shut down for the last time two years ago in favor of a permanent facility run by Father Joe's Villages.
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Regional Police Chief Jean Michel Blais announced Wednesday that they plan to retire after more than five years in the post.
The police force said in a news release that Blais will step down by March 31, 2019 and that they've started a recruitment process. Blais will be replaced after a change of command ceremony is held.
“We look forward to a smooth transition and a thorough selection process for the next Chief,” said Halifax Regional Coun. Steve Craig, Chair of the Board of Police Commissioners (BoPC).
Blais took over as chief on Oct. 11, 2012, after spending 25 years with the RCMP.
“Leading the dedicated Halifax Regional Police team and serving our community as Chief of Police have been two of the greatest privileges of my professional life. The decision to retire is not one I made lightly,” Blais said in a news release.
“Our employees' dedication to service and commitment to our communities has been a constant source of inspiration to me in this role. We have made great progress together as a team.”
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - If money decided the title, City would already be crowned champions after splashing more than 200 million pounds ($260.22 million) on reinforcements this summer.
Even though their opponents, Brighton & Hove Albion, had broken their own transfer record three times this window, the Seagulls' outlay was roughly one-tenth that of City -- forcing them to mind the gap.
What Pep Guardiola has really bought themselves is options, with three debutants in the starting XI and a further 206 million pounds' worth of talent on the bench.
After a frustrating first half, which highlighted City's failures up front from last season, change was always going to come, and the breakthrough arrived within minutes of the introduction of Leroy Sané in the 68th minute.
The scorer was all too familiar, with Sergio Aguero capitalising on a delightful pass from David Silva.
Before the game Guardiola spoke cryptically about not always playing Aguero and Jesus up front but on Saturday they gave Brighton the full double blast, which paid off -- eventually.
When and how to employ the pair may define Guardiola's season.
Afterwards the manager was predictably delighted with all the riches at their disposal and promised that City will "improve the way we attack" this season.
Their fullbacks will be crucial to that game plan, with former Tottenham defender Kyle Walker providing the pace out wide so obviously missing last season.
Danilo, a right-footed left back, was less impressive but they are likely to play second fiddle to Benjamin Mendy once the Frenchman recovers from the thigh strain that kept them out on Saturday.
"I was very happy with the new players. I want to say thank you to the club," Guardiola said. "We have huge players with lots of talent. Big congratulations to all the people in Manchester City -- we are a strong club."
Arguably, no manager is under greater pressure this season than the Spaniard, who after one trophyless campaign knows they must deliver something special.
TWITTER SPAT
Dressed rather like an American college student in beige trousers, a black top and white pumps, they cut a relaxed figure on the touchline, knowing, perhaps, that there would be tougher tests ahead.
Their biggest problem may be keeping everyone happy as they tweak their teamsheet. With so much talent at their disposal, City's players know they have limited time to impress.
"I want to continue with what we did in the last three games of pre-season," said Guardiola. "We were stable but we have to try to improve. The most important thing was to win the first game."
The only sour note for City was a tweet from Mendy, saying: "Bullet header" in reference to Lewis Dunk's own goal. TV pundits criticised it as "disrespectful".
Perhaps Guardiola will have to find the Frenchman something more constructive to do next week. ($1 = 0.7686 pounds) (Reporting by Neil Robinson,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
Complete access to news articles on azcapitoltimes.com is available to Arizona Capitol Times' subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab below. Others may join our audience of successful Arizonans with a subscription today
By Abby Hassler
Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong has always been outspoken about their political beliefs. Following the tragedy in Charlottesville, Virgina, over the weekend, Armstrong felt the need to speak out against the white supremacists who caused much of the violence.
Related: Billie Joe Armstrong Wins #TBT with Childhood Studio Photo
“My heart feels heavy. I feel like what happened in Charlottesville goes beyond the point of anger,” Armstrong wrote on Facebook. “It makes me sad and desperate. shocked. I f—— hate racism more than anything.”
“The spirit of Green Day has always been about rising above oppression. and sticking up for what you believe in and singing it at the top of your lungs,” Armstrong continued. “We grew up fearing nuclear holocaust because of the cold war. those days are feeling way too relevant these days. these issues are our ugly past.. and now it's coming to haunt us. always resist these doomsday politicians. and in the words of our punk forefathers .. Nazi punks f— off.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Virginia lawmakers voted to expand Medicaid coverage to low income Virginians under the Affordable Care Act. The expansion vote was a part of the two-year state budget set to take effect July 1. More than 300,000 uninsured Virginians, who do not qualify for ACA subsides, will be granted access to the Medicaid program.
State Senator Emmett Hanger (R - Augusta) helped push through a budget that included Medicaid expansion after the House of Delegates previously passed a similar budget bill.
Virginia Republicans had long opposed accepting federal funding to expand the Medicaid program over fears that the federal government would repeal the program and leave Virginia on the hook for paying the cost of expansion.
A majority of Republican Senators still opposed expanding Medicaid, arguing that expanding the program would drive up health care costs for every Virginian and wreck the financial future of the Commonwealth.
Senate Republicans said Sen. Hanger's budget bill was not fiscally conservative.
In the end, a handful of Republican Senators joined every Senate Democrat to vote in favor of expanding Medicaid.
The budget bill included a work requirement for able bodied adults that will receive Medicaid coverage in Virginia.
Health care advocacy groups praised the move and said low income Virginians who cannot afford health care coverage will finally receive access to care without jeopardizing their financial future.
The House of Delegates, which has previously voted in favor of expanding Medicaid as a part of the budget, and Governor Northam have to finalize the budget bill.
Northam released a statement Wednesday following the Virginia Senate's passage of the new budget.
“Today a bipartisan group of leaders in the Virginia Senate voted to make history and make people's lives better,” Northam wrote. “The budget the Senate passed today expands health care to Virginians, invests in core economic priorities and strengthens the cash reserves we need for a rainy day. By passing this budget, the Senate made a clear statement that Virginia is a place where leaders still work together to get things done for the people who send us here.”
“Going forward, my team and I will review this budget when it reaches my desk to ensure that there are no technical issues or unintended problems that may warrant an amendment and act upon it as quickly as possible,” they added.
Wednesday's vote came after Sen Hanger (R-Augusta) and Delegate Chris Jones (R-Suffolk), state budget negotiators, hammered out amendments to the House budget plan they believed would pass both chambers.
The amendments include a provider assessment fee on state hospitals that will generate revenue to pay for Virginia's share of the cost of expanding Medicaid.
"This document, and all that it does for Virginia, speaks for itself as a conservative, responsible blueprint that replenishes our cash reserves to protect our AAA bond rating, invests in teachers, state employees, sheriff's deputies, expands healthcare access for low-income Virginians, expands on Early Childhood Education by increasing the Virginia Preschool Initiative's per pupil funding and provides financial incentives for provisionally licensed teachers to become fully licensed, and builds on the General Assembly's multi-year effort to encourage sustained economic growth," Jones wrote in a letter House members outlining the amendment package.
The Richmond-Times Dispatch first reported the agreement.
The House of Delegates had already passed a budget package that included a plan to expand Virginia's Medicaid program to low-income Virginians who make up to 138 percent of the federal poverty level. The House plan included a work/training requirement for able bodied adults 18-55 who receive Medicaid coverage in Virginia.
Senate Majority Leader Tommy Norment (R-Williamsburg) had pushed for passage of a "clean budget" that did not include federal funding to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act (ACA).
After the passage Wednesday, Norment released a statement calling the deal "disappointing."
“Today, the General Assembly approved a budget that abandons Virginia's long-standing reputation for fiscal responsibility,” said Norment. “This budget marks a stark departure, both from the conservative fiscal policies observed by the Commonwealth for generations and in the manner in which it was approved by the General Assembly.”
The Senate Majority Leader said the deal will not discourage them from continuing to fight for a fiscally responsible budget.
“We will be ready to resume that fight when we convene for the next regular session in January 2019,” they added.
The Virginia Hospital and Healthcare Association also released a statement Wednesday calling the expansion of Medicaid coverage “an important step” on behalf of many Virginians.
“Today, the Commonwealth took an important step on behalf of many Virginians. In completing its work on the state budget, the General Assembly is fulfilling its duty to fund a wide range of essential public services on which millions of citizens rely," said VHHA President and CEO Sean T. Connaughton. "The budget's inclusion of a bipartisan compromise plan to draw down available federal funds to help hundreds of thousands of hard-working, uninsured Virginians gain health care coverage will promote public health improvements, job growth, economic vitality, and strengthen our health delivery system. Reaching this point has taken years of hard work and considerable effort by many elected leaders, stakeholders, advocates, and everyday Virginians who each made valuable contributions in support of increased coverage. Members of Virginia's hospital community extend sincere thanks to all those who have been instrumental in this effort. In particular, we offer our gratitude to House of Delegates Speaker Kirk Cox, House Appropriations Committee Chairman Chris Jones, Senate Finance Committee Co-Chairman Emmett Hanger, Governor Ralph Northam, Senate Minority Leader Dick Saslaw, Senator Frank Wagner, Senator Ben Chafin, Senator Jill Vogel, House Minority Leader David Toscano, and the dozens of other individual Senators and Delegates from both parties who supported the compromise budget. Just as the hospital community has been a consistent partner with the state to achieve a compromise coverage plan, our members pledge continued support to the Commonwealth as we work together to implement coverage expansion here as part of the ongoing work to make Virginia the healthiest state in the nation.”
Jack Parsons and a group dubbed the “Suicide Squad” built America's rocket program in the hills of Pasadena, but Parsons' double life as an occultist relegated their legacy to the footnotes of history books for decades.
The co-founder of what would become NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory worked with English occultist Aleister Crowley performing mystic rituals to summon a goddess, Babalon, to give birth to the Antichrist.
Parsons died in an explosion at their Orange Grove Avenue workshop in Pasadena in 1952, nearly a decade before the first humans rocketed into outer space. Their secret life made national headlines after their death.
“It was really the imaginative leap that they took that made rocketry in the U.S. plausible,” said George Pendle, author of “Strange Angel,” a 2006 biography of Parsons' life. “He was willing to believe in the most far out stuff, whether it was magic or rocketry, they didn't mind, it was almost the same thing.”
Television network CBS announced last week they would pick up “Strange Angel” as a series for their streaming service, CBS All Access. The show would follow “the mysterious-yet-brilliant double life of Jack Parsons in Los Angeles during the 1940s,” according to the company.
Famed science fiction director Ridley Scott will serve as executive producer on “Strange Angel.” David Lowery of a “A Ghost Story” will direct from a script written by Mark Heyman, screenwriter for “Black Swan.”
The show, offered exclusively on the streaming service, does not have a premiere date yet, according to CBS.
Scott's production company, Scott Free, has shopped “Strange Angel” around for years. AMC previously optioned the book, then decided not to move forward with the series.
“Strange Angel” is the first drama to tackle Parsons' life.
Pendle couldn't discuss specifics about the show, but they said Parsons makes for an intriguing character who “isn't like any scientist most people have heard of.”
President Donald Trump declared Tuesday that if it weren't for their efforts in seeking a denuclearized Korea peninsula, the United States would be at war with North Korea by now.
“Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well!” Trump opened the post.
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 3, 2018
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders made similar comments during Monday's press briefing when asked about reports that North Korea is attempting to deceive the U.S. and maintaining a nuclear program. “We aren't going to confirm or deny any intelligence reports. What I can tell you is that we're continuing to make progress,” they said. “Ambassador Kim had a meeting just yesterday with members of the North Korean delegation. And Secretary Pompeo, as I just mentioned, will be headed to North Korea later this week.”
Trump's statement reaffirmed the conversations between the U.S. and North Korea, “Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well!”
“In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months,” the President said of progress on the relationship between the two nations and a decline on North Korea's outward military aggression. “All of Asia is thrilled.”
“Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!” said President Trump.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
NAIROBI Gunmen wounded Italian-born conservationist Kuki Gallmann at their conservation park on Sunday in the latest of a string of attacks during land invasions in drought-stricken northern Kenya.
The 73-year-old author of the memoir "I Dreamed of Africa" was shot in the stomach after the vehicle they were driving in was ambushed by a group of gunmen, a family friend said.
Gallmann, who was played by Kim Basinger in the 2000 film of the book, was going to inspect fresh damage to their property after invaders burned down a retreat there on Saturday. A luxury hotel there had already been burnt down last month.
They were ambushed when they were forced to stop by a tree laid across the track, the friend said. The gunmen shot her, but Gallmann was saved when rangers from the Kenya Wildlife Service intervened and fought off the attackers.
Gallmann was first flown to a hospital in the nearby town of Nanyuki to be stabilised. British military medics accompanied them on another helicopter to receive surgery at a hospital in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, the friend said.
Them daughter -- who themselves was shot at in an incident in March -- said that their mother was able to speak, the friend said.
The Gallmann family own the 100,000-acre (400 square km) Laikipia Nature Conservancy and employ 250 Kenyans on the luxury lodges, ranch, and other businesses on the land.
They also run the Gallmann Africa Conservancy and Gallmann Memorial Foundation, conservation groups focussing on bringing people and wildlife together sustainably.
A wave of violence has hit Kenya's drought-stricken Laikipia region in recent months as armed cattle-herders searching for scarce grazing land have driven tens of thousands of cattle onto private farms and ranches from poor quality communal land.
Many residents of the area accuse local politicians of inciting the violence ahead of the August elections. They say the men are trying to drive out voters who might oppose them and win votes by promising supporters access to private land.
At least 14 civilians have been killed, including local resident Duncan Murimi, who was shot in the stomach by militias and who died three days ago on a neighbouring property. Another Kenyan man was killed a few days before them in the same area.
Four police have also been killed in the last six weeks, Kenyan media has reported. Police spokespersons did not return calls seeking comment.
Martin Evans, head of the Laikipia Farmers' Association, condemned the attack on Gallmann and said "dozens of people have been killed or wounded and subjected to robbery and vandalism of their property. Kuki is a world famous author and conservationist -- but the LFA urges sympathy for all."
Raila Odinga, the country's veteran opposition leader, also condemned the attack and said "we have watched in bewilderment as hooligans take advantage of the drought to subject these ranchers to unwarranted attacks ... the government is clearly unable or unwilling to bring these attacks to a stop."
Last month, Tristan Voorspuy, a British military veteran who ran a safari company in Kenya, was shot dead at a private ranch in Laikipia.
They had gone to the ranch to inspect the remains of a friend's home that had been burnt down.
(editing by Elias Biryabarema/; Jeremy Gaunt)
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
There's a good chance that Vikings defensive end Brian Robison, who has 56 career sacks (all with Minnesota), will lose their starting defensive end spot to 22-year-old Danielle Hunter in 2017.
That's not a huge surprise considering Hunter had 12.5 sacks last season.
For Robison, he's already admitted that he's okay with Hunter taking over as starter. And when they were told Hunter looks up to Robison as a mentor, the former Longhorn sounded like a true professional.
“It means a lot to me. I have always prided on myself as far as doing the little things right, always trying to go out and better myself, make sure I am taking the right steps, make sure I am in the right place all of the time,” Robison said Wednesday. “I have always been a guy, obviously everyone knows I am a vocal guy, but I always try to be a guy that leads by example by doing things right. When you have a guy like Danielle and obviously is on track . . . Hopefully they can stay healthy and do the things they need to do because they have a bright future, but to have a guy like that, that looks up to you and has told me many times that they really wants to emulate some stuff that I do, it means a lot.”
Robison is one of the good guys and the Vikings are lucky to have him.
TORONTO — Independent electrical power services company Spark Power Corp. has acquired Bullfrog Power, a green energy provider.
Canaccord Genuity Acquisition Corp., which announced a proposed merger with Spark Power last month, announced the deal Wednesday. Financial terms of the agreement were not immediately available.
Spark Power co-CEO Andrew Clark says the combination of the companies gives Spark an integrated capability and depth of expertise to deliver affordable and sustainable power solutions.
The companies are expected continue to operate under their respective brands.
The Kremlin said that a meeting between Jared Kushner, U.S. President Donald Trump's son-in-law, and Russian state development bank Vnesheconombank was a routine business encounter.
"Tens of meetings were held and one of these meetings was with Kushner's company and with him. It is routine business," said Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov in a conference call with reporters.
(Reporting by Maria Tsvetkova; Writing by Kevin O'Flynn; Editing by Christian Lowe)
The Del Mar Thoroughbred Club announced the initial line-up for its 2018 summer events schedule, which includes things like the Craft Beer Fest, Michelada Fest, Del Mar's Turf & Surf BBQ Championship and an outdoor concert series featuring performances by artists such as Steel Pulse, Aloe Blacc, Psychedelic Furs, Ice Cube, Café Tacvba and more.
Del Mar officially opens on Wednesday, July 18, with its thoroughbred races and over-the-top fashion event and runs through Labor Day on Monday, Sept. 3.
Concerts take place on most Friday and Saturday evenings in the seaside concert area at the west end of the grandstand shortly after the final horse race of the day. The line-up is as follows, with additional performances to be announced in the coming month.
Friday, July 20: Psychedelic Furs
Saturday, July 21: Iration
Friday, July 27: Steel Pulse
Friday, Aug. 3: Matisyahu
Friday, Aug. 10: Aloe Blacc
Saturday, Aug. 11: Reggae Fest with Ziggy Marley
Friday, Aug. 17: Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats
Friday, Aug. 24: Tribal Seeds
Friday, Aug. 31: Café Tacvba
Sunday, Sept. 2: Ice Cube
Del Mar Racetrack is located at 2260 Jimmy Durante Blvd., Del Mar. All of the concerts are for those 18-and-over and are free with the purchase of $6 standard racetrack admission. Those wanting a more VIP experience can upgrade their ticket in the South Terrace for $50 for a premium view of the show, private restrooms and a private cash bar. Tickets can be purchased at dmtc.com.
Capital-Gazette employees to march in July 4th parade
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) — Staff from the Maryland newspaper where five employees were shot to death plan to walk in the Fourth of July parade in Annapolis.
Mayor Gavin Buckley says the city invited journalists from The Capital newspaper to participate in the parade Wednesday evening. They say the city has received confirmation that some will be in the parade.
The mayor says they believe it's symbolic for the town, in terms of healing from the tragedy.
Buckley also says former employees of the paper are returning to show support and that anyone connected to the paper is welcome to walk in the parade to feel that "the city has their back."
The newspaper staffers will have a place of honor near the front of the parade.
OWING MILLS, Md. – Every year when Santa comes to town children and their parents line-up to meet the jolly big man – but one Maryland toddler wasn't having it.
Kerry Spencer taught their son the sign for “help” in sign language – and during their photo with Santa they made the sign.
“We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for ‘help.' You're welcome,” Spencer wrote.
We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for "help." You're welcome. pic.twitter.com/i6NkxBf4KP — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 5, 2017
Spencer tweeted out the hilarious photo on Tuesday and it has since gone viral.
They went on to clear up the specific sign language variant they were taught.
“In baby sign you go with what they do. We showed them the ASL version and this is what they did,” they wrote on Twitter.
In baby sign you go with what they do. We showed them the ASL version and this is what they did. — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 6, 2017
And to all the commenters saying they did it wrong, they were one! Give the poor guy a break! 😂 (This is the actual sign:) pic.twitter.com/0pgfRmbdk7 — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 8, 2017
No word on if the little boy was able to let Saint Nick know what they wanted for Christmas before their parents rescued him.
Galway County Council and Irish Water wish to advise that due to essential maintenance in the Cathedral grounds in Tuam on the night of Thursday 16th February , there may be disruption to the water supply in parts of Tuam town from 11pm until 4am the following morning, Friday 17 th.
The areas affected by these works are:
Dublin Road,
Parkmore West,
Racecourse Road,
Athenry Road,
Tubberjarlath,
Hugh Hession and Glebe Estates,
Galway County Council working in partnership with Irish Water wish to apologise in advance for any inconvenience caused by this essential maintenance.
By Michael Angelo S. Murillo, Senior Reporter
THE defending Philippine Basketball Association Commissioner's Cup champions San Miguel Beermen are finishing strong in the ongoing tournament after defeating the Blackwater Elite, 115-106, on Wednesday night at the Mall of Asia Arena for their third straight victory.
Had a slow start to the game against the Elite, the Beermen stayed the course and when they finally found their groove, channelled the unstoppable the rest of the way.
Blackwater got off to a fast start, racing to an 11-0 lead in the first two minutes of the opening canto.
But San Miguel would not stay behind too far after, going on a 21-14 run in the next six minutes to trim Blackwater's lead to just three points, 26-23.
The Elite though eventually held the fort, 34-28, in the first 12 minutes of the contest.
The Beermen would continue to fight their way back in the second period.
They tied the count at 47-all at the 3:07 mark of the quarter following a triple from Marcio Lassiter before sprinting to a 57-49 advantage for the remainder of the first half.
Blackwater tried to regain some ground to start the third period only to find a San Miguel crew ready for it.
San Miguel extended its lead to 16 points, 69-53, with 8:41 to go as newly acquired big man Kelly Nabong found their touch.
Import Henry Walker kept the Elite within striking distance after but the Beermen would go on to hold sway, 84-70, heading into the final frame.
Recognizing that they had the Elite on the ropes, the Beermen went for the early finish to start the fourth period.
San Miguel stretched its lead to 22 points, 94-72, at the 9:45 mark.
But Blackwater would go on a mini-run in the next minute and a half, led by off-the-bench players Chris Javier and Ael Banal, slicing their deficit to 14 points, 95-81.
The Beermen recoiled thereafter, building up their biggest lead of 24 markers, 107-83, with five and a half minutes remaining in the game.
The Elite made the score more respectable in the wind-up, cutting the Beermen's lead to nine points as the final buzzer sounded, 115-106.
Arwind Santos top-scored for the Beermen with 23 points to go along with 15 rebounds.
Mr. Lassiter had 18 points with Alex Cabagnot and import Renaldo Balkman adding 12 points apiece.
Mr. Walker led Blackwater with 26 points and 12 rebounds while Mike DiGregorio finished with 19 points.
“We know we have to play our best in our remaining games because our standing is not really that good,” said Mr. Santos, whose team improved to 6-4 with a game left in the elimination round.
“We have to continue doing this in the next game to put us in a better position heading into the playoffs,” they added.
San Miguel finishes its elimination-round assignments on Saturday, June 7, against the Magnolia Hotshots Pambasang Manok.
Blackwater, meanwhile, played its last game of the tournament, finishing its campaign with a forgettable 1-10 record.
* KOSPI likely to peak at record high early April -analyst * Samsung Elec Q1 earnings in focus SEOUL, March 28 South Korean shares edged up on Tuesday on expectations that local companies' will post strong first-quarter earnings, especially tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd . The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was up 0.2 percent at 2,160.79 points as of 0208 GMT. "The index may touch a record high on the day of Samsung Elec's earnings release, and later correct itself in the following sessions," said Lee Jae-man, a stock analyst at Hana Financial Investment Co Ltd. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's March-quarter earnings release is slated for April 7. The company's shares gained nearly 1 percent in morning trade. Foreign investors were set to be net buyers, purchasing 39.3 billion Korean won ($35.33 million) worth of KOSPI shares. Steelmaker Posco rose nearly 1 percent while Naver Corp dropped 3.1 percent. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 446 to 336. The South Korean won moved narrowly and was quoted at 1,112.5 to the dollar, barely changed from Monday's close of 1,112.8. June futures on three-year treasury bonds shed 0.01 point to 109.51. 0208 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,112.5 1,112.8 Yen/won 10.0506/97 10.0308 *KTB futures 109.51 109.52 KOSPI 2,160.79 2,155.66 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Kim Coghill)
RICHMOND, Va. – The victims of childhood abuse can carry that burden for a lifetime. As a child advocate and child abuse survivor, Young Adult Author Steve Simpson understands the pressure put on children of abuse and has written a series of four YA adventure novels, one of which is titled ‘Who Am I?'. These action packed books highlight topics plaguing children today and modestly tucked inside each novel is Steve's ‘Teenage and Young Adult Survival Handbook', which offers guidance to children quietly suffering from abuse at home or school. For more information or to purchase the books please visit:
http://www.powerpublishingcorp.com &
https://www.facebook.com/authorstevesimpson/
Brazil's President Michel Temer listens to questions from the media during LAAD, the biggest military industry expo in Latin America in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Pilar Olivares
BRASILIA Brazil's President Michel Temer would veto clauses of a bill that would force Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] drivers to register with city authorities and turn the ride-hailing app into another form of conventional taxi service, a presidential aide said on Wednesday.
The president favors striking down the controversial articles of legislation passed by the lower house of Congress on Tuesday if they were not removed by the Senate before it was sent for their signature, said the aide, who was not authorized to speak on the matter.
Drivers, users and even the speaker of the lower chamber spoke out against the bill that gives cities more power over online ride-hailing services, particularly by classifying them as public transport - not a private service.
The changes would undermine the business model of Uber's online ride service in its second largest market by exposing the company to local taxation and raising costs.
In a statement Wednesday, Uber said the bill "applies antiquated rules to new technology" and would turn Uber into a traditional cab service.
The bill, which passed their chamber on Tuesday, is a "step back," Speaker Rodrigo Maia said, because consumers have shown there is demand for the Uber service and taxis alike. They said they would urge Temer to veto the bill if it reached them unchanged.
"We need to have a balanced bill that preserves the taxis, preserves Uber and respects the interests of Brazilians who want both systems to co-exist," they told reporters.
The bill is the latest challenge to Uber in Brazil, its second-largest market worldwide. The U.S. company has already lost battles in four cities where authorities successfully regulated or taxed the service and faced everything from blockades to physical assaults by taxi drivers, who accuse it of unfair competition.
If classified as a public transport service, instead of a technology company, Uber drivers would have to obtain permits from city authorities, who could levy taxes and require insurance and pension benefits for drivers, pushing up costs.
The company could also have to report the number of drivers it uses, a figure it does not normally disclose, for social security and other possible tax obligations.
Cities could also require vehicles to have special plates, like taxis, or even oblige drivers to install taximeters, an obligation that led Uber to decide to shut down services in Denmark on April 18 if a rule there is not changed.
Uber started in Brazil in 2014 and now operates in 50 cities. In the last three months, 13 million people used Uber, a spokesperson said.
Adding to Uber's woes, Spanish rival Cabify on Tuesday announced a $200 million investment in Brazil.
Cabify also criticized the ride-hailing bill, saying in a statement it would "make the model inviable."
Tony de Souza Ribeiro, an Uber driver in Brasilia, agrees.
In addition to gasoline, maintenance and the 25 percent cut of revenues that Uber charges, a city license cost of 60,000 reais ($19,000) would drive them off the streets, they said.
"I think Uber will not be able to survive in Brazil. It will come to an end if this goes through," Ribeiro said.
(Reporting by Anthony Boadle; Editing by Grant McCool and Lisa Shumaker)
Football Soccer - Real Madrid v Bayern Munich - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final Second Leg - Estadio Santiago Bernabeu, Madrid, Spain - 18/4/17 Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates after the game with the match ball after scoring a hat trick Reuters / Sergio Perez...
After sealing their place in the Champions League semi-final, Real Madrid can take a huge step towards claiming a first La Liga title in five years when they host great rivals Barcelona in El Clasico on Sunday.
An injury-time Sergio Ramos equaliser ensured Madrid maintained a six-point cushion over Luis Enrique's side when the sides met earlier this season, and with Los Blancos currently three points ahead with a game in hand, victory would leave Barça trailing by the same margin with only five to play.
Real are unbeaten since February, winning 10 of their last 12 games. In contrast, Barcelona have won just two of their previous five in all competitions and were dumped out of Europe in midweek.
The Catalans' task is made all the more difficult given forward Neymar's suspension. But Barça coach Luis Enrique insisted after their 3-0 aggregate defeat by Juventus that their side would be ready to bounce straight back up.
"It will be difficult to lift my players up after this, but it will be easy to motivate them. We have the best stimulus that any Barcelona fan could ask for which is that we play against our eternal rival. There's no better place to go than the Bernabeu.
"We have the chance to get back in the fight for La Liga in a six-pointer against the side top of the league. I love being involved at a club as ambitious as this."
Madrid will be looking to a rejuvenated Cristiano Ronaldo, who has scored five in their last two appearances and netted their 100th Champion League goal with a hat-trick against Bayern Munich on Wednesday.
The Portuguese scored the goal that essentially sealed Madrid's last La Liga crown in 2012's 2-1 victory over the Catalans and will be looking to repeat the feat for Zinedine Zidane's men this weekend.
"I don't know if there's a category for him. What you see Cristiano doing is really impressive. The goals, the way they finish them, in such key, important moments," said Zidane of the No. 7.
"He always knows when there's an important occasion, he's going to be there. It is out of any sort of category. There are few players who can to do what Ronaldo has done and we all know that."
Madrid will be without defenders Pepe and Raphael Varane for the game, while Dani Carvajal, Toni Kroos and Gareth Bale all have question marks over their fitness heading into the game.
Elsewhere, Atletico Madrid will look to further tighten their grip on third place as they travel to Espanyol on Saturday, while the weekend's action culminates on Monday with a Basque derby as Eibar host Athletic Bilbao.
(Reporting by Joseph Cassinelli, Editing by Angus MacSwan)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. --The GRTC Board of Directors voted to relocate a bus stop after a press conference, petition, and vehement opposition from residents along Davis Avenue and Grace Street.
The stop was an end of the line for the newly proposed bus routes 50, 76 and 77. Buses would have traveled south on Davis and west on Grace as they turned around.
Residents at the William Byrd Senior Apartments, management at the William Byrd Barber Shop, and members of the West Grace Street Association voiced opposition to the stop. At a press conference they cited health and safety, parking, trash, graffiti, and devaluing of property values as reasons the stop should be relocated.
Around 60 buses would have traveled through daily.
GRTC said they began evaluating alternatives after they received negative feedback.
Bus Stop # 3651 at Davis Ave. and Broad Street will be moved to another location, pending approval from the Science Museum of Virginia, who owns the property.
The proposed terminus for routes 50, 76, and 77 are now east on Broad, North on DMV drive and west into the former Worker's Compensation building parking lot.
GRTC concluded that the changes were minor and stayed within acceptable change limits, and there was no inequitable distribution of service.
There are currently no fare changes proposed with the new alternative.
The changes, if approved, would take effect when the new routes become operational on Sunday, June 24, therefore never operating as a terminus at Broad and Davis.
David Streever, a homeowner in the 2500 block of Grace Street, said they were one of the few on the block who supported the proposed route.
"I am disappointed that GRTC caved on this," Streever said. "The bus network serves over 1 million rides a year, and overblown fears of safe, low-emission buses will negatively impact the Richmonders who rely on the network."
They said they don't notice buses going by when they are at restaurants on Broad Street, and said "I don't think I'd notice them on Grace Street either."
Streever said they stopped attending West Grace Street Association (WGSA) meetings when they became obsessed with GRTC and "stopping it at all costs."
Elsa Woodaman, WGSA president, called for GRTC to utilize areas north of Broad St., that are less residential.
Woodaman had questioned who would take responsibility for street repair, bus station upkeep, ensuing graffiti and trash if GRTC kept the proposed route along Grace.
“A loud, unpleasant, and dangerous environment will prove hostile to our residential community and will devalue our old and historic homes, our neighborhood and frankly our quality of life,” Woodaman said at the press conference in May.
“We also recognize that allowing this invasion of our neighborhood will open up the door for GRTC to do the same to other historic neighborhoods in this city and we just should not accept that,” they added.
New Jersey has an unwanted new resident that appears to be making its stay permanent.
The New Jersey Department of Agriculture said in a press release, Friday, that the Haemaphysalis longicornis, a tick native to countries like China, Korea and Japan that is also known as Longhorned tick or the bush tick, has survived the winter and “has possibly become established in the state.”
The mysterious pest was first discovered last summer when a farmer visited health services in Hunterdon County covered in thousands of ticks after shearing a 12-year-old Icelandic sheep named Hannah, according to NJ.com.
James L. Occi, research microbiologist and a PhD student at Rutgers University's Center for Vector Biology, tells PEOPLE that researchers are unsure how the tick — which previously was not believed to exist in the United States — entered the country. NJ.com reported that the sheep found carrying the ticks rarely left Hunterdon County.
A deer tick nymph (left) and a Haemaphysalis longicornis nymph (right) James Occi
“We have no idea how it got here,” Occi tells PEOPLE. “Possibly on someone traveling internationally with a pet or pets.”
Andrea Egizi of the Monmouth County Mosquito Control Lab did the preliminary identification of the foreign tick, while Tadhgh Rainey of the Hunterdon County Health Department collected samples from the farmer, Occi says.
Although the specimens have tested negative for “typical New Jersey tick-borne pathogens,” Occi says it's unclear what residents can expect from the infestation.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
And while they may not be a threat to humans, the tick species could bring harm to livestock and wildlife.
The New Jersey Department of Agriculture said “nymphs of the Longhorned tick are very small (resembling tiny spiders) and can easily go unnoticed on animals and people. This tick is known to infest deer and a wide range of other hosts. Therefore, it has the potential to infect multiple North American wildlife species.”
The department will continue to monitor animals for the tick throughout the year.
Health and wildlife officials are working to eliminate this pest from the index premises and ensure it does not spread to other areas.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
The rain has drifted out of the valley and settled over Tahiti Iti, where it's predicted to remain for the next week, along with 30 knots of tradewind, the whole pretty picture going to shit. This end of the island will be rained back to the Stone Age, while Tahiti Nui – the northern half of Tahiti – will remain cloudless. Half of the contest crew is already there, sitting poolside at the Intercontinental, not a care in the world, mai tai in hand, waiting for their flights out.
But for the rest of us squibs, we hunker down in the rain and finish this thing, finish it within three days. It's been the fastest a Tour event has ever run, in the location least suited to doing things fast.
Yesterday morning felt flat. It might have been the rain. It might have been the 20 heats run the day before. It might have been the declining swell. It might have been the fact your correspondent walked home at 3:00 AM. More than anything, however, it felt flat because the day was starting with Round Four. No losers. Can I borrow a feeling? Apparently, Ace was heartbroken at losing their no-loser heat, although I'm not sure they were heartbroken in the sense of a lost love or a dead puppy. The highlight of the round was Wilko torching stablemate Medina with an interference, only for them to both turn around and see Brother Andino on the winning wave. There was a sign right there of where this day was going.
I walked up to the point and Gabby Medina ran past for their quarter with Owen Wright. Okay, now we had something. This was a final. With the swell having notched even further to the south, the deck was stacked in their favor. Teahupoo had lost whatever teeth it had and had turned into a pointbreak. Gabby's forehand dagger (thanks, Joe) would slice and dice. They wouldn't even need tubes. Gabby, of course, paddled straight out and backdoored the west peak for a perfect 10-point tube.
I gave Jordy little hope against John John in a quarterfinal that would decide the Tour leader post-Tahiti. Jordy had made a decent fist of their Tahiti campaign, actually looking comfortable out there for the first time in, well, forever. But, well…John. This place is John's sandbox, and the only reason he'd never won this contest before was now sitting back in California in a moonboot. But a slow ocean always works against Florence, who, if they get one nine, they get five. John lost the heat more than Jordy won it – the heat totals stand to that – but Jordy's whole Tahiti campaign was a win. He'd lose in the semis to Julian Wilson, but he's set themselves up for a serious title run.
On the drive in from Faa'a Airport last week, Luke Egan and I discussed in the car the idea of tossing a coin at the start of a heat to avoid the shitfight of hassling for the first wave. What happened with Toledo and Igarashi, that kinda thing. The coin was one suggestion, the other being the idea of starting with both surfers having priority, meaning you'd still get the jockeying, but if you paddled for a wave, you'd lose priority. Luke thought that seemed fair enough, but I argued the other way. I wanted the hassling. I wanted the shitfight. Where's Filipe? Bring me Gabby! It's man-on-man, right? All collisions and friction and hard edges have been systematically ground off the sport, and yeah, priority during a heat makes sense, but yesterday, we saw how this one surviving vestige of an old combative system can bring the feeling.
I wasn't sure if it was Gabby hassling Brother Andino or the other way around, but it was a great five minutes of sport. Ugly, but great, and it brought an otherwise batshit-boring day to life.
There are two schools of thought when it comes to surfing against Gabby. You paddle out knowing they will paddle you to Samoa to get the first wave of the heat, so do you go with them or ignore them completely? I'd argue for working Gabby over, because I reckon their own game backfires. I know 31 guys who will disagree, but Gabe is actually not good at hassling…hassling for tactical benefit, anyway. He's lost a bunch of heats this year because of it (just as Filipe has) and yesterday, they almost lost the Final with just a minute gone. If Julian Wilson had managed to scratch onto the wave on Gabe's inside, the Final would have been over because of a brain fart.
The draw was perfect. Julian versus Gabby, their past two finals having been decided controversially, the history simmering, and you knew that Julian wouldn't take any shit from Gabby. It flared within seconds, the pair paddling over each other and Julian seeming to shove them out of the way before Gabby got the first wave, lucky to not get their ass handed an interference.
Gabby had been the best surfer over the stretch of the day, and with a nine and an eight, seemed to have the Final on ice. But then Julian went nine, then a better nine, and in the space of three minutes had gotten the lead. Gabe circled them and they exchanged words. The conceding handshake 30 seconds out crackled electricity, before Gabe shot off to try and find a winning wave. Is that the equivalent of tapping out then still fighting?
And then the presentation in the boat? If it was designed for maximum awkwardness and lack of atmosphere then it worked perfectly. At last year's presentation, Cedric, the Tahitian announcer, got zapped by an unearthed radio mike, fingers of electricity shooting them in the teeth and sending them to the hospital. Maybe they thought it was safer in the boat? Or maybe they figured that putting the two side-by-side in close proximity would spark some fireworks in the same way putting Kelly and Andy together in a confined space in 2003 would have done?
Have Jules and Gabby become our new Kelly and Andy? Is this the great rivalry we have been seeking? That's three finals now, and all of them have boiled over afterwards in some way…both on site and online. I reckon Charlie Medina was going boat-to-boat in the channel looking for some plastic furniture to throw after this one, and you can bet Julian and Gabe will be the online controversy du jour until some conspiratorial judging episode replaces it.
I applaud both Jules and Gabby, for it's clear that for both of them, winning matters. Does this mark a great turning point in the sport where, once again, a little friction is a good thing? Where heats are no longer fun? Where heats are not just important, not just life-and-death important…but far more important even than that?
By Nithin ThomasPrasad
BENGALURU (Reuters) - Gold edged up on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, supported by softer U.S. economic data and a fall in Asian shares following a report that President Donald Trump was being probed for possible obstruction of justice.
Weaker U.S. retail and inflation data overshadowed a rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve on Wednesday, raising doubts about the improvement in the economy and pressurizing the dollar.
"Although the Fed is saying the data is transitory, the market is struggling to align with this view," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA.
"Thus we are seeing the U.S. dollar under pressure which has been positive for gold in the short-term." Spot gold was up 0.3 percent at $1,264.76 per ounce by 0422 GMT. It hit a low of $1,256.65 in the previous session, its weakest since May 26. U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.7 percent to $1,266.50 an ounce. "We are looking for gold to hold support around USD $1,260, with expectations that the recent soft U.S. data and ongoing geopolitical concerns should be supportive," MKS PAMP trader Sam Laughlin said in a note. Risk sentiment was hit after Washington Post reported that Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice. As long as uneasiness around the Trump government among speculators and investors exists, gold will hold up pretty well, said Yuichi Ikemizu, Tokyo branch manager at ICBC Standard Bank. Gold considered a safe haven during times of political and financial uncertainty. "Spot gold was also supported by short-term interest in physical gold in Asia, especially from Shanghai this morning," Halley said. In the wider markets, U.S. stock futures and Asian shares slid on Thursday with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dropping 0.7 percent. The dollar index was little changed against a basket of currencies on Thursday after having slid to its lowest since November on Wednesday. Among other precious metals, silver rose 0.5 percent to $16.96 an ounce after it snapped a five-session losing streak and settled higher on Wednesday. Palladium was near flat at $863.03 an ounce, while platinum fell 0.2 percent to $933.90. (Additional reporting by Vijaykumar Vedala in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Pullin and Vyas Mohan)
[India], June 15 (ANI): Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandra Babu Naidu landed in controversy, after they posted a picture with a rescued victim of alleged sexual abuse and their family online through their social media account, thus violating the law which prohibits the identification of a minor victim.
On April 21, the young girl, a native of Guntur, was abducted by a 45-year old Nageshwar Rao and taken to Kashmir. After obtaining reports of this, the police conducted a rescue operation to gain access to her, and subsequently succeeded in bringing them back home in 45 days.
The police then filed a case against the accused under Section 376 (Rape), 376 (i), (m) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), and sections under POCSO and Nirbhaya Act. After the rescue operation, the family, along with the survivor, met Chief Minister Chandra Babu Naidu. Commemorating this, Naidu, through their social media account, posted a picture with the teenager and their kin, which was later deleted. However, the damage had already been done by then, since the girl's identity was revealed in public, violating the norms of the IPC. According to Section 23 (2) of the POCSO Act, 'No reports in any media shall disclose, the identity of a child including their name, address, photograph, family details, school, neighbourhood or any other particulars which may lead to disclosure of identity of the child'. The only exception is if a Special Court, competent to try the case under the Act, may permit such disclosure.' Section 74 of the Juvenile Justice (care and protection of children) Act, 2015 says, 'No report in any newspaper, magazine, news-sheet or audio-visual media or other forms of communication regarding any inquiry or investigation or judicial procedure, shall disclose the name, address or school or any other particular, which may lead to the identification of a child in conflict with law.' (ANI)
[India], May 31 (ANI): In an endeavour to curb the menace of illegal sand mining in the state, the Andhra Pradesh Government will be introducing GPS tracking system by July end this year.
State minister R Sujayakrishna Ranga Rao while addressing a press conference, said, "Andhra Pradesh government is about to bring GPS tracking system by the end of July 2018 to prevent illegal transport of sand in the state. The government is taking stern actions to avoid interstate illegal transport of sand. After the Government of Andhra Pradesh has implemented free sand policy, reports of the sand mafia are on rife."
The minister said that there are 150 notified sand reaches in the state and that 54 check posts have been established to prevent illegal transport of sand. Ranga Rao further said that geo referral policy is being brought for all major minerals in the state and the permissions for mining activities are being given through auction in an e-permit model. (ANI)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
SINGAPORE/MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Far from entering the death throes predicted by some environmentalists and analysts, thermal coal miners are enjoying their best returns in years as strong Asian demand and tight supplies send prices soaring.
Chinese thermal coal futures hit a record of 687 yuan ($108.49) this week, up five-fold from their 2016 lows. Coal cargo prices from Australia's Newcastle terminal, meanwhile, have roughly doubled since 2016 lows to over $100 per tonne, not far off 2011/2012 levels.
“The coal price improvement has thrown into stark relief the robustness of underlying demand in Asia,” Paul Flynn, chief executive of Australian miner Whitehaven Coal, told Reuters. “This had been masked until recent times by the surplus of capacity constructed during the last cycle. This period has now passed.”
(GRAPHIC: Thermal coal prices have soared since 2016, reut.rs/2DNef3U)
While the spotlight of a broad energy market revival has been on oil and natural gas, specialist thermal coal miners are enjoying an even better run, suggesting investors think this much reviled fossil fuel has life in it still.
“We made global thermal coal our favourite commodity in October and stuck with it,” said Jeremy Sussman, New York-based analyst at brokerage and investment bank Clarksons Platou.
Whitehaven, Indonesia's Adaro Energy and global commodity merchant Glencore have all seen their share prices multiply from record lows in 2015/2016, hitting levels last seen during the mining boom before 2012.
“We expect coal prices to remain meaningfully higher than expectations, and as such, believe Whitehaven can keep moving higher,” Sussman said.
(GRAPHIC: Coal beats Gas, reut.rs/2EqOeIL)
COAL BEATS GAS
The rise in coal prices has taken many by surprise. Morningstar Equity Research said coal prices “have fared better than we expected due to continue strong growth in China”.
As a result, Whitehaven has seen its share price soar 10-fold percent since its early 2016 low. Adaro and Glencore have enjoyed rallies of 330 percent and 290 percent, respectively. Shares in Thai coal miner Banpu are up 85 percent.
That compares to increases of 18 to 45 percent for competitors specialising in exporting liquefied natural gas (LNG), including Australia's Woodside Petroleum and Santos or U.S. firm Cheniere.
With many listed investors shunning coal due to concerns and pressure over its environmental impact, the profits of the coal boom are being enjoyed by others.
Whitehaven's biggest shareholders are U.S.-based Farallon Capital Management, which holds 14 percent of the stock, followed by specialist mining investor AMCI Group with 8.4 percent.
AMCI Group Managing Director Brian Beem said the outlook for high grade thermal coal and steelmaking coal was positive.
“The urbanization and electrification of Asia will continue to drive demand for these commodities, and we see supply struggling to meet that demand because of depletion and lack of investment in new capacity,” Beem said in emailed comments.
Farallon Capital Management declined to comment.
The main investors in commodity Glencore include Qatar Holding, a state investment firm of the world's top LNG exporter, which has a policy not to talk to media about investment.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of PT Adaro Energy as seen at PT Adaro Energy headquarters in Jakarta, Indonesia, October 20, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta/File Photo
Glencore, the world's biggest single thermal coal exporting firm, said it could not comment for this article as it is in close period ahead of its annual results.
During an investor call in December, Glencore said it expects an average coal production unit cost of $48 per tonne in 2018, allowing it to comfortably generate cash at current prices.
General under-investment in the sector in past years was allowing the company to now reap the benefits of higher prices, Glencore added.
Indonesia's Adaro declined to comment.
(GRAPHIC: Coal use by region 2000 to 2016, reut.rs/2Ep3x4K)
CAN IT LAST?
FILE PHOTO: Garibaldi Thohir, CEO of PT Adaro Energy Tbk, poses for a picture at PT Adaro Energy headquarters in Jakarta, Indonesia, October 20, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta/File Photo
At the heart of the strong performance is the fact that, despite the rise of LNG and renewables, thermal coal consumption has barely dropped across Asia.
Trade data in Thomson Reuters Eikon showed shipments of thermal coal to North and South Asia's main energy consumers, which make up half the world's population and form the fastest growing block of energy consumers, have not dropped versus LNG since 2016.
In Japan, a top coal and LNG consumer, imports of thermal coal rose 4.3 percent last year to a record 114.5 million tonnes. LNG purchases rose 0.4 percent to 83.6 million tonnes.
South Korea's coal imports rose by more than 10 percent in 2017. China's 2017 coal imports were at their highest level since 2014, at 270.9 million tonnes.
Indian coal imports have also started growing again after years of stagnation.
Globally, sea-borne coal trade increased by 1.5 percent between 2016 and 2017, to 1.143 billion tonnes, according to coal industry group VDKI.
Asia's share of global coal consumption has increased from less than 50 percent in 2000 to nearly 74 percent in 2016.
Whitehaven's Flynn said strong power demand growth, in part thanks to the rise of electric vehicles, would push up demand further, including for thermal coal.
Despite coal's stellar recent performance, doubts over its long-term outlook remain.
Many analysts say the future of power generation lies with cleaner technology such as gas, solar and wind.
In a massive effort to combat pollution, China is in the early stages of a huge gasification programme, moving industry and millions of households from coal to gas.
China's natural gas imports and production are set to rise faster than its energy demand. Given China is also investing large-scale into the spread of renewables and even nuclear power, its share of coal will fall.
Morningstar for one believes that means the upside for mining stocks like Whitehaven “is nearly done.”
(GRAPHIC: Asia's coal imports are much higher than for LNG, reut.rs/2EqwFbY)
A look at what's happening all around the majors today:
UH, OH
CC Sabathia could land on the disabled list after straining their hamstring Tuesday night against the Angels. Just when the Yankees' big lefty was on their best run in years, too. The 2007 AL Cy Young Award winner, who is 5-0 with a 0.99 ERA in their last six starts, felt their left hamstring grab on their second-to-last pitch in the fourth. They finished the inning but then came out of the game and expects to have an MRI on Wednesday. “It's sore,” Sabathia said. “It just happened.” Sabathia, who turns 37 next month, was enjoying a renaissance season at 7-2 with a 3.46 ERA for the AL East leaders. New York's six-game winning streak was snapped with a 3-2 loss in 11 innings.
FILE - In this June 9, 2017, file photo, Minnesota Twins' Ervin Santana (54) pitches to the San Francisco Giants during a baseball game in San Francisco. Santana tries to improve their All-Star credentials when they face Robinson Cano, Nelson Cruz and the visiting Mariners on Wednesday. Santana needed only 91 pitches to throw a four-hitter last Friday at San Francisco, their third shutout of the season. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File)
THINKING BIG
In their first season since Dexter Fowler's departure, the Cubs ranked 24th in the majors with a .306 on-base percentage from the leadoff spot. So on Tuesday night, 240-pound slugger Anthony Rizzo became the seventh Chicago player to start atop the batting order this year — and responded with a leadoff homer in a 14-3 rout of the Mets. Rizzo had two hits , three RBIs and a bases-loaded walk in their first career start batting leadoff. He's reached safely in 21 of their last 36 plate appearances. Cubs manager Joe Maddon plans to keep Rizzo in the leadoff spot Wednesday, and he's ready for an extended stay up there. “You know what? Let's go on a run now,” Rizzo said. “That'd be great.”
WHO'S ON FIRST?
Dodgers manager Dave Roberts says rookie slugger Cody Bellinger will see the majority of time at first base with five-time All-Star Adrian Gonzalez out indefinitely due to a degenerative disk in their back. “When they come back, I don't know,” Roberts said Tuesday, when Gonzalez was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Joc Pederson, just reinstated from the seven-day concussion DL, will play center field with Chris Taylor in left. The 35-year-old Gonzalez was also on the DL last month for the first time in their 14-year career after they tried to play through back and elbow injuries. Bellinger has lived up to advanced billing. They homered twice Tuesday night against Cleveland, giving them 17 home runs and 39 RBIs in 165 at-bats.
ENCORE, ENCORE
Minnesota right-hander Ervin Santana (8-3, 2.20 ERA) tries to improve their All-Star credentials when they face Robinson Cano, Nelson Cruz and the visiting Mariners. Santana needed only 91 pitches to throw a four-hitter last Friday at San Francisco, their third shutout of the season. They also hit a three-run double in the 4-0 victory.
TOUGH ASSIGNMENT
Daniel Gossett is scheduled to make their major league debut for the Oakland Athletics against Miami Marlins right-hander Edinson Volquez (3-7, 3.41 ERA), who pitched a no-hitter in their most recent home start June 3. Volquez followed that up by tossing seven scoreless innings last Thursday in a 7-1 victory at Pittsburgh.
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
(Reuters Health) - Having more than one alcoholic drink a day has long been linked to increased breast cancer risk in studies involving mostly white women, but new U.S. research finds similar risk increases among black women.
Compared to light drinkers who had less than four alcoholic beverages a week, African American women who consumed at least two drinks a day were 33 percent more likely to develop invasive breast cancer, the study found. With one drink a day, black women still had an elevated risk for all types of breast malignancies.
“Many breast cancer risk factors like family history cannot be changed, however, alcohol drinking can be moderated if a woman wants to decrease their risk,” said senior study author Melissa Troester, a researcher at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
“Most studies show that risk is only significantly increased if women drink more than one drink per day,” Troester added by email.
Alcohol is a well known risk factor for breast cancer, but much of the previous research establishing this connection has been done in white women, Troester and their colleagues note in the journal Cancer, Epidemiology, Biomarkers and Prevention.
It's possible alcohol may interfere with hormone levels in a way that encourages tumor growth, and it also might cause genetic damage that makes cancer more likely, Troester said. The type of drink most responsible for cancer seems to be whatever type of alcohol women drink the most.
“Studies of alcohol and breast cancer have been conducted in many countries across the globe, and in each country, the beverage that is most widely consumed is associated with increased risk,” Troester said. “This has led researchers to conclude that it is the alcohol content rather than the specific drink that is causing the increased risk.”
For the current study, researchers examined data on drinking habits for 22,338 African American women, including 5,018 who were diagnosed with invasive breast cancer.
Overall, 45 percent of the women said they never drank and another 21 percent said they used to consume alcohol but currently did not.
Compared to light drinkers, women who said they never drank were 12 percent more likely to develop invasive tumors. The increased risk was smaller, around 4 percent, for former drinkers and for women who currently had four to six drinks a week.
For those who had 7 to 13 drinks a week, the risk increase was 7 percent compared to light drinkers.
Other risk factors for breast cancer, such as smoking, oral contraceptive use and whether women had gone through menopause didn't appear to alter the connection between drinking and breast malignancies, the study also found.
The study isn't a controlled experiment designed to prove whether or how alcohol causes breast cancer. Researchers also lacked data on diet and exercise, which can influence the risk of breast malignancies, and they didn't know why some women chose to abstain from drinking.
“Women who never drink may be different than light drinkers in other risk factors, e.g. their diet,” said Dr. Mary Daly of Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia.
“Light drinkers may be more likely to adhere to a Mediterranean diet which includes moderate alcohol intake and which has been associated with better overall health and with lower breast cancer risk,” Daly, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
Even so, the current study establishes that black women have an increased risk of breast cancer with alcohol use, a connection previously seen in research of white women, said Dr. Sharon Giordano of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston.
“The take-home message is that African-American women are also at increased risk of breast cancer due to alcohol use and should be encouraged to limit alcohol use,” Giordano, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2p52Gh1 Cancer, Epidemiology, Biomarkers and Prevention, online April 18, 2017.
By Arra B. Francia, Reporter
TOLL ROAD operator NLEX Corp. looks to brave the bond market anew by the fourth quarter of 2018 to finance the construction of the North Luzon Expressway — South Luzon Expressway (NLEX-SLEX) Connector Road.
“Hopefully by the latter half of this year, we will go back to the public bond market and raise bigger amounts of money. This time to fund what we call a game changer, this is the NLEX Connector Road which will start construction next year,” NLEX Corp. President and Chief Executive Officer Rodrigo E. Franco said at the listing ceremony of the first tranche of its shelf-registered bonds yesterday.
The unit of Metro Pacific Tollways Corp. (MPTC) needs financing for P16 billion out of the NLEX-SLEX Connector Road's total project cost of P23 billion. Of this, 30% will be funded through equity and 70% will be through a combination of bonds or bank loans.
“Around P11-12 billion (from banks or bonds). We may do it in tranches. Construction is done over time. The bonds, we have to program it,” Mr. Franco told reporters after the listing ceremony.
The remaining P7 billion of the project cost will be spent for right-of-way acquisition, which Mr. Franco said can be paid over time.
The NLEX-SLEX Connector Road is an eight-kilometer elevated highway extending the NLEX southward from Segment 10 in C3 Road Caloocan City to the Polytechnic University of the Philippines in Sta. Mesa Manila, and also connecting the common point of Skyway Stage 3.
The highway is set to reduce travel time from Clark, Pampanga to Calamba, Laguna from three hours to one hour and 40 minutes, with expected usage of at least 35,000 vehicles per day.
Meanwhile, the company on Wednesday raised P6 billion from the issuance of Series A bonds due 2025 with a coupon rate of 6.6407% per annum and Series B bonds due 2028 carrying an interest of 6.9% per year.
The funds raised from the first tranche of the P25-billion bonds under shelf registration will be used to finance the company's R-10 Section Project, a 2.6-kilometer elevated toll road set to extend the C-3 Road exit ramp of Segment 10 to R-10 Road near the Port Area.
NLEX Corp. started construction for the R-10 project last month, and is scheduled to be completed by the fourth quarter of 2019.
The issuance is the 11th listing at the Philippine Dealing & Exchange Corp. (PDEx) for the year, bringing the total new listings for the year to P88.81 billion.
With this, the Metro Pacific group now has a total of P31.5 billion worth of listed bonds in the PDEx, comprising 3.58% of the total outstanding face amount of P881-billion corporate bonds enrolled at the fixed income exchange.
FILE PHOTO: A pump jack is seen at sunrise near Bakersfield, California October 14, 2014. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
NEW YORK Oil futures fell on Wednesday, pulling back after eight straight sessions of gains after U.S. crude inventory data suggested the market was still heavily supplied.
Traders focused on preliminary U.S. production estimates in the weekly EIA report that suggested domestic output is still climbing. The report also showed stockpiles at the U.S. crude hub at Cushing, Oklahoma, rose 276,000 barrels in the week.
Brent crude futures settled down 37 cents to $55.86 a barrel after hitting a one-month high of $56.65.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were down 29 cents and settled at $53.11 a barrel after touching the highest since March 7 at $53.76.
Both contracts had jumped to the highest in more than a month after Saudi Arabia was reported to be pushing fellow OPEC members and some rivals to prolong supply cuts beyond June.
Analysts and traders said long-term fundamentals remained strong and more stockpile draw-downs are likely as refiners exit maintenance season.
"Crude inventories at Cushing rose 0.28 million barrels (mb) to 69.42 mb; however, this leaves just over 10mb of available storage before operational efficiency starts to be compromised," Standard Chartered said in a note.
"We do not expect inventories to reach this point, particularly with the added downward pressure on Midwest inventories from the reduction in Canadian flows."
The data showed an unexpected drop in overall U.S. crude inventories, which fell in the week by 2.2 million barrels as imports declined by 717,000 barrels a day. [EIA/S]
The U.S. data followed bullish reports from OPEC nations, which said they had cut March output beyond measures they had promised, according to figures the group published in a monthly report, as it sticks to an effort to clear a glut that has weighed on prices. [OPEC/M]
However, OPEC also raised its forecast for supplies from non-member countries in 2017 as higher prices encourage U.S. shale drillers to pump more, reducing demand for OPEC's oil this year.
OPEC and other producers, including Russia, agreed late in November to cut output by around 1.8 million barrels per day in the first half of 2017 to rein in oversupply.
Fearing a loss of market share, Saudi Arabia is shielding its most important customers in Asia from the cuts, continuing to supply them with all contractual volumes.
(Additional reporting by Henning Gloystein in Singapore and Amanda Cooper in London; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and James Dalgleish)
capsulle filters, viscous products, tablet presses, ampoule filling equipment, cartoners, vial inspection equipment Source: IMA North America, Inc.
"IMA" is a world leader in machinery for the packaging of pharmaceutical products as well as the leading manufacturer of machines for the packaging of tea in filter bags. To assure a flexible response to all market requirements, IMA is divided into the Pharmaceutical Division and Tea, Coffee & Beverage Division. IMA's sales and services network covers over 80 countries worldwide.
Our Pharmaceutical Division includes machinery and lines for the pharmacuetical and cosmetic sectors of the market. The Division is organized into three business areas: Blister Packaging and Cartoning Machines, Capsules and Tableting Machines, Filling Machines for Sterile Conditions and Liquid Filling Machines.
Together with the Pharmaceutical and Tea Divisions, our End-of-Line Business Sector, produces wrapping and bundling machines using heatseal and heat shrink films, cartoners, casepackers & palletizers. Its' production addresses the needs of the pharmaceutical, cosmetic, nutraceutical, tea, coffee, food & tobacco markets.
IMA offers the following equipment:
CONTAINERS CARE
Blowing machines
Washing machines
Sterilizing Tunnels
Depackers
Filling machines for sterile conditions
Liquid filling machines for pharmaceutical & cosmetic sectors
Continuous and intermittent motion capsule filling and tablet press machines
Labeling machines
Inspection machines
Tray loaders
Blister packaging machines with or without cartoning
Cartoning
Trayforming
Overwrapping
Shrinkwrapping
Casepackers
Palletizers
Packaging machines for tea, herbs, nutraceuticals & coffee
POWDER AND LIQUID FILLINGSOLID ORAL PRODUCTSLABELING AND OTHER EQUIPMENTBLISTER PACKAGINGEND-OF-LINETEA, COFFEE, and BEVERAGEISOLATION TECHNOLOGYISO9000VALIDATION SUPPORT
Mohali: Still licking their wounds after the humiliation in Dharamsala, India will be aiming to roar back when they face a rejuvenated Sri Lanka in the do-or-die second One-day International (ODI) at the Punjab Cricket Association's I.S. Bindra Stadium here on Wednesday.
The embarrassing seven-wicket loss in Sunday's opener of the three-match rubber was not only an eye-opener for the Men-in-Blue, who are expected to face similar conditions when they land in South Africa later this month.
While Mohali may not be as cold as Dharamsala, the pacers could still have a say in the second match, considering it is another 11.30 a.m. start to the day-night affair.
In such a scenario, Rohit Sharma's men will need to pull up their socks and learn from the mistakes of the first match, where the top order fell like ninepins.
It was once again the old war-horse Mahendra Singh Dhoni, who stood tall with a patient half century to lift the team's total to 112 after being down 29/7.
Moreover, the exclusion of the experienced Ajinkya Rahane in the playing XI without regular skipper Virat Kohli, also raised questions on the team management's strategy in the opening game.
India went in with a relatively inexperienced middle order, comprising debutant Shreyas Iyer, Manish Pandey and Dinesh Karthik, who failed to cash on the opportunity after the hosts lost the opening duo of Rohit and Shikhar Dhawan cheaply.
In the bowling department, the worry for India will be the performance of all-rounder Hardik Pandya, who once again leaked runs when the hosts were defending a paltry score.
Considering Sri Lanka cantered to victory in 20.4 overs, the spin duo of Yuzvendra Chahal and Kuldeep Yadav did not get to bowl and would be itching to get back into action after a month's gap.
Sri Lanka, on the other hand will have a golden opportunity to seal the series after ending a 12-match losing streak on Sunday.
The visitors will, however, need to revisit their top order batting after opener Danushka Gunathilaka and one-drop Lahiru Thirimanne failed to click in the first match.
The Sri Lankans will take a lot of heart from the performance of their experienced all-rounder Angelo Mathews, who not only came good with the ball picking the crucial wicket of Dhawan but also guided the visitors home with an unbeaten 25.
The tourists will also be expecting another brilliant show from their bowling unit led by pacer Suranga Lakmal, who returned with figures of 4/13 along with Mathews and Nuwan Pradeep.
The spin combo of Akila Dananjaya and Sachith Pathirana, complimented the pacers beautifully despite getting little help from the pitch at Dharamsala.
Teams:
India: Rohit Sharma (Captain), Shikhar Dhawan, Ajinkya Rahane, Shreyas Iyer, Manish Pandey, Washington Sundar, Dinesh Karthik, Mahendra Singh Dhoni (WK), Hardik Pandya, Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Jasprit Bumrah, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Siddarth Kaul.
Sri Lanka: Thisara Perera (Captain), Upul Tharanga, Danushka Gunathilaka, Lahiru Thirimanne, Angelo Mathews, Asela Gunaratne, Niroshan Dickwella (WK), Chaturanga de Silva, Akila Dananjaya, Suranga Lakmal, Nuwan Pradeep, Sadeera Samarawickrama, Dhananjaya de Silva, Dushmantha Chameera, Sachith Pathirana, Kusal Perera.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — On a night when Dirk Nowitzki inched closer to another NBA milestone, their Dallas teammates also took a collective step forward in what has been a mostly disappointing season.
Baby steps, for certain, but a definite move in the right direction for a team that went into the game with the worst record in the West.
Yogi Ferrell made consecutive 3-pointers to spark a big run at the start of the fourth quarter and the Mavericks beat the Sacramento Kings 106-99 on Saturday night to snap a five-game losing streak.
Nowitzki had 15 points and seven rebounds, Harrison Barnes scored 18 points and Dwight Powell added 17 points and nine rebounds to help Dallas win in Sacramento for the first time in nearly three years.
"We did a great job keeping our composure, battling," Barnes said. "A lot of times we have lost our poise but tonight we did a great job of really bearing down, keeping our composure, not getting rattled and playing through calls."
Nowitzki played 26 minutes and needs six more to become sixth player in NBA history to reach 50,000 for their career, joining a list that includes Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Karl Malone, Kevin Garnett, Jason Kidd and Elvin Hayes.
"We've been pretty good if we hold opponents under 100 points and they were well on their way to score way over," Nowitzki said. "It was a little too easy there at times. They had it going and finally in the fourth we picked it up a little bit."
The Mavericks trailed by as much as 10 in the second half and were down 85-81 heading into the fourth before opening the final period on a 16-0 run. Devin Harris followed Ferrell's back-to-back 3s with a pair of layups, including one off a midcourt steal. After Nowitzki connected from deep, Harris made a 3-pointer to put Dallas up 97-85.
Sacramento closed to 100-94 on a free throw by De'Aaron Fox with 2:45 remaining but Barnes made a driving one-handed dunk and a more traditional two-handed jam to help the Mavericks hold on.
"We were two steps slow most of the night," Kings coach Dave Joerger said. "Too many turnovers. We could create our own shots, but not at the rim. We just didn't knock some of them down. It's not enjoyable but we're trying."
Former representative Neri Colmenares accuses Soiicitor General Jose Calida of 'inventing' facts for including communist rebels in the annex of their consolidated comment submitted to the High Court
Published 11:50 AM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Solicitor General Jose Calida on Wednesday, June 14, insisted that the Amai Pakpak Medical Center (APMC) in Marawi City was occupied by Maute terrorists, even after the hospital chief themselves said this never happened.
Calida maintained the government position as they prepared for the 2nd day of the Supreme Court (SC) oral arguments on petitions against President Rodrigo Duterte's martial law declation in Mindanao.
"It's a matter of semantics. The fact is they were there, there were firefights around the hospital, the rampage was already ongoing, so who are we to debate with semantics? I can use other verbs if you want," Calida said. (READ: Nullify martial law? Your guide to the SC oral arguments)
APMC head Amer Saber and Health Secretary Paulyn Ubial had both said that what happened in the hospital was neither a takeover nor an occupation of the facility, since the Maute terrorists asked permission from hospital officials to let them bring in a wounded member for treatment. (READ: Calida: Pointless to question martial law by using news reports)
The petitioners used the official denial to point out loopholes in Duterte's martial law report submitted to Congress, which Calida reiterated in their consolidated comment submitted to the SC.
During the first day of the oral arguments, the petitioners repeatedly called the claims in the report as either "inaccurate" or totally "false."
To this, Calida said: "They're also fabricating fake news because actually the rebels went inside that hospital and there were firefights and probably they're wounded and they sought medical attention. So it's not totally correct, [that] if there's a little lie in your statement, that's actually a lie." (READ: SC's Bersamin says trust Duterte on martial law)
Colmenares, communists
There was some tension when Calida was asked to respond to an earlier remark of former party-list representative Neri Colmenares that the Solicitor General was "inventing" facts along the way to justify the martial law declaration.
Colmenares pointed out to Rappler that in the annex of Calida's consolidated comment, Calida cited "significant atrocities in Mindanao prior to [the] Marawi incident" which include those involving communist rebels.
Annex of Calida's comment as shown by Colmenares: pic.twitter.com/JJa5IMepJS — Lian Buan (@lianbuan) June 14, 2017
While the annex does not indicate that communist rebels are targets of martial law, or precursors to the declaration of martial law, Colmenares said their inclusion in the annex means it's a justification for Proclamation 216.
"They can find incidents to justify martial law in Marawi, but they cannot find incidents to justify martial law in the entire Mindanao, that's why they're citing these," Colmenares told Rappler.
It was in this context that Colmenares said in an interview on Aksyon early Wednesday that Calida was inventing reasons for the imposition of martial law.
Responding to Colmenares' claim, an agitated Calida said: "Why don't you call him? We were talking earlier, they were talking friendly with me. They should say that [to] my face. 'Hey, why don't you come here, Neric?' See, he's a coward, I'm not an inventor of facts; I'm a lawyer."
Colmenares was nearby but not close enough to hear Calida due to the noise in the room and the swarm of reporters and cameramen.
Calida added that all petitioners should go to Marawi to find out the truth on the ground.
Asked for their reaction later, Colmenares said: "Well, actually 'yun nga ang tanong namin eh. Kailangan ba pumunta ang Korte Suprema sa Marawi para madesisyunan ito? President Duterte was in Russia when they signed the proclamation."
(Well, actually, that's our question. Does the SC need to go to Marawi to decide on this? President Duterte was in Russia when they signed the proclamation.) – Rappler.com
April 2 National Bank of Abu Dhabi
* Completes merger of First Gulf Bank and National Bank of Abu Dhabi by issuing 1.254 new NBAD share for each 1 FGB share, for FGB shareholders as of close of 30 March 2017
* New National Bank of Abu Dhabi shares are tradable starting from April 02, 17 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
As many in their husband's inner circle voiced concern that Kanye West was once again spiraling out of control, Kim Kardashian West shared their most risqué photograph yet as part of their new fragrance campaign.
Kardashian West, 37, spent most of Tuesday posting a series of suggestive nude images to tease their latest scent, KKW Body, despite the drama surrounding their rapper partner.
The reality star's social media sharing spree culminated with their posting a full-frontal nude picture of herself. In the behind-the-scenes photograph, the mom of three was covered in grey plaster but that was not enough to cover their nether region or their nipples, so they were forced to blur out their private parts.
“We took a mold of my body and made it a perfume bottle,” the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star captioned the revealing image.
Kim Kardashian/Instagram
The plaster-covered nude image was part of the fragrance project which is the brainchild of controversial artist Vanessa Beecroft.
Beecroft – who has been criticized for their ideas about race – was formerly on the rapper's regular payroll as their creative collaborator.
The performance artist, who consulted on West's Yeezy fashion shows and their May 2014 wedding to Kardashian, once said in an interview with The Cut they felt entitled to identify as African-American because of their work with West.
“There is Vanessa Beecroft as a European white female, and then there is Vanessa Beecroft as Kanye, an African-American male,” they said in 2016.
“I even did a DNA test thinking maybe I am black? I actually wasn't. I was kind of disappointed, and I don't want to believe it. I want to do it again, because when I work with Africans or African-Americans, I feel that I am autobiographical. If I don't call myself white, maybe I am not.”
Vanessa Beecroft and Kanye West Pier Marco Tacca/Getty; Dominique Charriau/WireImage
RELATED: Kim Kardashian West Promotes Them Upcoming KKW Body Launch with Racy Topless Photo
However, Beecroft was fired by the KKW Beauty mogul after an eight-year partnership Beecroft said during the same interview.
Them firing came after West tweeted they were in $53 million in debt in February 2016. It was later that same year that West was hospitalized for exhaustion after months of unusual behavior from the rapper.
As Kardashian West posted the nude they created as part of their work with Beecroft on Tuesday, it emerged that many in West's inner circle fear history may be repeating itself with the rapper's mental health.
Gilbert Carrasquillo/Getty
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can't-live-without beauty products and more.
According to multiple sources, West has cut off contact with multiple people including their managers, lawyers and closest friends — and he's also had multiple arguments with their mother-in-law Kris Jenner.
“He's had huge blow-ups with Kris. They see how erratic he's acting and is most concerned about their daughter's brand. She's also trying to be a good mother-in-law, so he's having explosive issues with them too. Everyone is really, really worried,” a source close to the situation told PEOPLE on Tuesday.
RELATED: Kanye West ‘Seems to Be on the Edge' and ‘Is Very Hard to Deal with Right Now': Sources
Meanwhile, another insider said that Kanye's behavior is “very hard to deal with” and “he's all over the place,” adding, “If you can't be part of their creative genius, he'll cut you loose. That's what they say.”
A separate source close to the situation echoed similar sentiments.
“Everyone is super, super worried,” the source said. “He just looks at you with a void. It's like he's mute and can't talk and they just stares at you. The way they say things with such affirmation, they genuinely believe he's God and a genius and that they can do everything on their own.”
* March crude imports 9.17 mln bpd, previous record 8.57 mln bpd
* Beats U.S. as top crude oil importer for March, year so far
* Indicates strong stockbuild of nearly 1.7 mln bpd - IHS
* Pace to slow on maintenance, lack of storage space -IHS (Adds quote on teapots' rush to use quotas, background on maintenance, fuel quotas, comparison with U.S. crude imports)
By Chen Aizhu and Meng Meng
BEIJING, April 13 China's crude oil imports surged to an all-time high in March to nearly 9.2 million barrels per day (bpd), customs data showed on Thursday, far surpassing expectations and overtaking the United States as independent refiners ramped up their purchases.
The March imports came in at 38.95 million tonnes, or 9.17 million bpd, according to the General Customs Administration. That compared with 8.286 million bpd in February and far exceeded an earlier record of 8.57 million bpd in December.
Both the March and the first-quarter import levels were above those of the United States according to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), making China the world's top crude oil buyer so far this year.
The shipments were in part driven by independent oil refiners' rush to purchase oil after they received fresh 2017 quotas around mid-January.
"This rush of buying were mostly for March arriving cargoes. In our case, the amount of crude oil we bought for March exceeded the total for the first two months," said a trading manager with Shandong Dongming Petrochemical Group, the country's largest independent oil processor.
Last year, most of China's more than 900,000 bpd increase in its crude oil imports was due to independent refiners that had newly received permits for bringing in shipments.
China last week also granted crude import quotas to newly qualified independent refiners to purchase from the international market for the first time.
"The 9.2 million bpd of crude imports is definitely a shocking number. That means China built close to 1.7 million bpd of crude inventory in March, way off the chart from any perspective," said Harry Liu, an analyst with consultancy IHS Markit.
Still, IHS expected a sharp drop to around 8 million bpd in coming months as seasonal refinery maintenance picks up, and as available storage tank space dwindled, said Liu.
PACE TO SLOW
Many of China's key state refineries are entering maintenance in the second quarter, such as Sinopec's Shanghai and Yangzi refineries and PetroChina's Dalian refinery.
China's crude oil imports for the first quarter grew 15 percent over the same period a year ago to 104.73 million tonnes, or about 8.49 million bpd.
U.S. crude imports were at 7.97 million bpd in March and 8.17 million bpd in the first quarter, according to Reuters calculations based on EIA data.
There was likely an element of catch-up in the Chinese data, with North Sea crudes bought in December and January finally making their way into the numbers and U.S. crudes exported in February showing up as late-March arrivals, said Virendra Chauhan, Singapore-based analyst at Energy Aspects.
The customs data also showed that China's March refined fuel imports were up 10.2 percent on year at 2.7 million tonnes, while exports for the month rose nearly a quarter on year at 4.67 million tonnes.
China slashed a second batch of fuel export quotas for 2017 by 73 percent versus the first around for the year, under so-called processing trade terms, potentially leading to slowing exports in coming months.
Any drop, however, could be partly offset by rising shipments overseas under a separate, general trade category in which the government allotted 1.31 million tonnes of exports quotas, mostly for gasoline and diesel.
(crude conversion tonne= 7.3 barrels) (Reporting by Chen Aizhu and Meng Meng; Additional reporting by Florence Tan in Singapore; Editing by Tom Hogue)
Former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday's Breitbart News Daily to talk about the news of three U.S. special forces troops killed in an ambush in Niger. They also discussed reports of strife between Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and President Donald Trump, the Catalan and Kurdish independence movements, and the waning political fortunes of British Prime Minister Theresa May.
“There's been a U.S. military presence, largely special operators and advisers, in many of the countries in North Africa going back 15 years,” Bolton noted. “It was one of the reasons why the Pentagon created the African Command, separating it off from the European Command because Islamic terrorists, in particular, were spreading throughout North Africa.”
advertisement
“We saw a few years ago in Mali, terrorists almost took control of the entire country until the French intervened militarily. We saw it recently with the overthrow of Qaddafi, Libya has descended into chaos. Terrorists groups are roaming all over Libya and spreading throughout Africa. You've got Boko Haram in northern Nigeria and Cameroon, right near Niger and Mali, where this incident took place yesterday,” they said.
“Basically there's a seam between Saharan Africa, northern Africa, and sub-Saharan Africa – between Islamists in the north and Christian and animist populations to the south of that seam,” Bolton explained. “The Islamists have been radicalized in North Africa, just like they have been across the Middle East, increasingly threatening governments really from the Atlantic to the Indian Ocean. Our presence there was intended to help out the legitimate governments fight against those terrorist threats.”
Bolton said the news of three American troops killed in Niger might “reveal to the American public how deeply we've been involved because of our fear of the spread of terrorism.”
On the subject of Secretary of State Tillerson's reported feuds with President Trump, Bolton said there seems to be a “disconnect” between the State Department and White House.
“Secretaries of State follow different patterns of behavior,” they noted. “Some of them become captured by the building. This is sometimes called ‘going native.' They become really the voice of the State Department.”
“I thought Secretary of State James Baker summed it up the best way, when they were at the beginning of their service for President George H.W. Bush, Bush 41,” Bolton recalled. “Baker said this publicly, I think in an interview with Newsweek. They said, ‘I will be the president's envoy to the State Department, not the other way around.' That is the right way to be.”
“The idea that somehow the Secretary of State runs foreign policy on their own is just deeply misguided. The president may not be involved in the nitty-gritty of a lot of domestic issues – they get a good Cabinet secretary like Betsy DeVos at Education, for example, and says ‘go to it' – but it is central to the president's job that they be involved in key national security issues,” they said.
“To be an effective secretary of state, you have to have the confidence of the president, because if you lose that, you and the 80,000 people that work in the State Department are just floating out of Earth orbit. That obviously makes it far more difficult to have any influence,” they pointed out.
“I think you need the Baker approach,” Bolton recommended. “You need to understand, as Dean Acheson said, this is a classic quote about why their relationship with President Truman was so good, and they were so effective as a team. They said it's because ‘neither one of us ever forgot who the president was.'”
They said it was difficult to tell if some top jobs might turn over at the State Department, but observed that during their time in public service, they have “read many stories in the newspapers about something that I supposedly did, or something I was involved in or was a participant in some way, that often looked as though it were written by somebody in a parallel universe.”
“The State Department's denials are unequivocal. NBC stands by its story,” they said of the report that Rex Tillerson called President Trump a moron. “I wouldn't wager a lot of money on NBC's credibility while we're on the subject. I don't think it really tells you one way or the other.”
One of the major foreign policy debates at the moment concerns recertification of the Iran nuclear deal, with signals coming from the Trump administration that certification will be denied this time.
“The deal is an abysmal deal,” said Bolton, who has long called for certification to be withheld. “It's the worst diplomatic failure by the United States, I think, in its history.”
“The president has been unequivocal, what they think of it,” Bolton continued. “He's also said it's the worst deal we've ever negotiated. He's called it an embarrassment. They appreciate how grave a threat Iran's nuclear weapons program is. It's just inconceivable to me that if the president followed their own instincts that we wouldn't get out of this deal.”
“This really brings me to the heart of what I think the actual decision next week is going to be. It may sound like it's down in the weeds, but it's another example of how Washington gets people wrapped around the axle. We're all talking about should the president certify the deal or decertify the deal. This is the only international agreement of any substance that I'm aware of that has this bizarre congressional provision about certifying or decertifying it's in American national interest,” they said.
“Let's just forget that for a minute,” they proposed. “Just like any other treaty or international agreement the United States has, let's just consider the deal itself. If you believe the deal is not in America's national interest, and I don't think the president does, how can you possibly stay in it? And yet that's what's being recommended to him, as far as I can tell, almost unanimously by their advisers.”
“So this where you get to what may seem down in the weeds: the president will not certify, as the legislation requires, that the deal is in American national interests – but he'll still stay in the deal. That's the recommendation. I just think that's one-shoe-on, one-shoe-off. It represents a failure of clarity and decisiveness if that's the route the president goes,” they said.
“I quoted former Senator Paul Laxalt in an op-ed I wrote a couple of days ago that I think should apply here. They were talking to Philippine President Marcos, advising them to get out of the country, and Laxalt said to him: ‘Cut, and cut cleanly.' That's what Trump ought to do with this deal. Decertify? Absolutely, and then withdraw from the deal,” Bolton recommended.
Bolton identified three general positions on the Iran deal: “One is the deal is in America's national interest, we should certify that and stay in the deal. That's one position. The polar opposite position, the one I hold, is the deal is not in America's interest, we should not certify that it is, and we should withdraw from the deal. Now, you can agree with either one of those positions, but at least they're logical and consistent. The problem is that the president's advisers seem to be pushing for the third, the middle alternative, which is yeah, the deal's not in America's interest, so we're not going to certify that because it's not true, but nonetheless we're going to stay in the deal. I think it will make the president look foolish if that's the option they forced on him.”
Turning to the Catalan and Kurdish independence movements, Bolton said they are “two very different things.”
“In Catalonia, there are a group of people who are just determined to separate from Spain. You can't just declare you're going to have a referendum on independence. You couldn't do that in Mississippi today, if somebody decided they didn't want to stay in the Union, or California for that matter,” they pointed out. “The entire nation has to decide whether a particular region is going to get that kind of vote. The Catalonians took it on themselves. Every indication is the real majority of Catalonians don't want to secede.”
“I think the government of Spain here is in the right. Nobody likes to see force used in these contexts, but this is a democratic country, and it ought to follow its own constitution, which the Catalonian separatists did not do,” they said.
“Kurdistan I think is very different. Iraq has ceased to exist as a country, really ceased to exist 25 years ago. I think Kurdistan does deserve the backing of the United States if it declares formal independence, and I would expect that's going to happen probably fairly soon,” Bolton recommended.
“I think it's a mistake to say every secessionist movement is exactly equivalent to every other one,” they stressed. “I think the facts are different in these two cases.”
“I think the president honestly needs to get control of their entire government,” Bolton said when Marlow pointed out that the State Department is not supporting the Kurds. “That doesn't stop when you appoint Cabinet members. You have to appoint the subordinates all the way down the line in large, powerful bureaucracies like the State Department, the Defense Department, the intelligence community. It takes time and effort for a president to get control of their own executive branch.”
“By the way, they need control of the National Security Council too, which is supposed to be focused on making sure they get all the options that are available, and when they make a decision it actually gets carried out,” they added.
Returning to Catalonia, Bolton noted that the “opposition boycotted the referendum, so the results are not really reflective of however you want to define true opinion in the region because it was deemed to be illegitimate.”
“The breakup of the nation-state in Europe, which this is part of, is a bad idea for many reasons,” they said. “If all the regions of countries of Europe that had ever been independent or thought of independence gained it, they would not become more powerful. They would become less powerful, and Brussels, the capital of the European Union, would get more powerful.”
“The nation-state is the only thing that's keeping the flow of power and authority to Brussels within the European Union in check now. It's a bad precedent to see the membership of the European Union in effect become larger if you break down nation-states into hundreds of grand duchies,” they elaborated.
Bolton said they largely agreed with Marlow's analysis of British Prime Minister Theresa May's failure to exploit their opportunity to become a strong anti-establishment leader after the Brexit vote.
“This is not a Margaret Thatcher, by any stretch of the imagination, not in terms of their leadership for Britain internationally, and certainly not in terms of their domestic policy,” they lamented.
“Her speech yesterday was a mishmash of Conservative thoughts from the 1950s when there wasn't much to distinguish them from the Labor Party, the socialists in Britain. They have made a hash of the Brexit negotiations. I find it very difficult to believe they are going to survive,” they predicted.
“I think it goes to a basic point people argued about right after Brexit, when David Cameron stepped down: could you put in as Prime Minister, to negotiate the exit, somebody who wanted to stay in? Which is what Theresa May's position was, and I think now we can see the answer is, that was a mistake,” Bolton said.
“I think they need to get clarity in these negotiations to stop the squabbling inside the government, to reunite the Conservative Party, to face what is now apparently a real challenge from Jeremy Corbyn and this left-wing cabal that now completely dominates the Labor Party,” they advised.
“It's much the same as what's happening in the Democratic Party in this country,” Bolton reflected. “This is a very, very critical period. There's a lot of speculation there may be a new prime minister by the end of the year.”
John Bolton is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and head of their own political action committee, BoltonPAC.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. Eastern
LISTEN:
× Cars parked near leaf piles catch fire in St. Louis
By Web Staff
Click here for updates on this story
SOUTH ST. LOUIS, MO (KMOV) — The St. Louis Fire Department is issuing a warning after cars recently caught on fire due to leaf piles across the city.
A car that was parked outside a home in Compton Heights caught fire Saturday when it was parked over piled up leaves. The car was fully engulfed in flames before firefighters could even get there.
The incident marked the second time in just a few days that a car caught fire on that block because of leaves.
Resident Justin Siegel and their neighbors were shocked to see how fast the flames grew, but the St. Louis Fire Department says it is an annual danger when the leaves start to fall.
“They're dry and they are flammable, it's like parking on top of a pile of newspapers,” said St. Louis Fire Chief Dennis Jenkerson. “You have hot exhaust under your car, if your makes contact with the leaves, there's a chance it's going to catch fire.”
According to a spokesperson for St. Louis City, leaf pick up is only once a month when the street sweeper comes. But residents like Siegel say it needs to happen more frequently.
A city representative says their advice is not put leaves out into the street until pick-up day, or put them in yard water dumpsters in the back alleys.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Doing light exercise each morning wakes your own up. It accelerates your heat beat, opens your lungs to oxygen, and carries this needed oxygen to organs and muscles getting them started for a day. It also picks within the pace of one's metabolism, which starts weight loss.
"Drug Rehab provided me a strong foundation; Towards the gym that every single month I spent in Drug Rehab, I learned as up to I enjoy in 3 months in the skin world." At 34, Chris is now fully saved. They spend their time volunteering their services as a dentist near a local jail and in conversation with others on how they discover a new beginning through Drug Rehab.
Jonathan Banks (Mississippi State) 6-2, 185 pounds: Banks is a shrewd CB who has good ball skills with versatility perform in both man and zone security. Their size is perfect for the mold with the the 49ers want from a physical Db. They would compete immediately for your nickel back role utilizing the tools to disguise the slot receiver. Banks is currently projected like a first round pick and also the 49ers would be required to trade up for jacob.
Another by-product of drinking so expensive is I gained a associated with weight along with a terribly unattractive bloated kind of look to my face - I was definitely a victim of Alcohol Addiction, also, since I was addicted, I picked up a drink even while i sincerely didn't want in. At the worst, I would pick up a drink first part of the morning to fight the sickness, and individual morning drink would come to be another drunk, so I'd have this is equally situation to contend your next morning. A vicious interval.
There is ingredient need over the counter cough medicines called dextromethorphan (also called DXM). When large doses on the ingredient are ingested, teens feel a sort of high areas related about what they may suffer while using other drugs. But to get the high, teens face to destroy a whole bottle greater. This can cause serious side effects such as vomiting, confusion, nausea and slurred speech just to mention a few.
Their book Beyond Belief: Finding power to Come back chronicles their battle with depression and Drug Addiction, telling how they fought their way to be able to become definitely baseball's most feared sluggers.
Look as part of your financial institution account. Study your bank account and incorporate up all of the hard earned cash you've invested on studyings. You should face the reality of the damages the obsession has been performing to you as well as your life.
Now, as 2011 approaches, there is always no politics. Racism still exists. It is really a reality this generation will not see expire. We simply have to choose whether or not we're in order to engage for them. Do we address it with love or cannot stand? And, our human love or hate or God's love and our human loathe?
Six dead in Montreal as much of Canada remains under blanket of hot, humid air
A woman cools down in a water fountain as they beat the heat in Montreal, Monday, July 2, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Graham Hughes
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days.
Dr. Mylene Drouin told a news conference today the deaths have been investigated and are linked directly to the heat wave.
Drouin says the victims fit the profile of people authorities describe as at risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
They say there has also been a rise in the number of calls to ambulance services in recent days and that the city wants to avoid what happened in 2010, when intense heat claimed 106 lives.
In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal, four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat. Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning.
The oppressive weather has enveloped much of Central and Eastern Canada since the Canada Day long weekend.
Environment Canada says humidex readings were to be in the 40 Celsius range today from southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region.
Related: Much of eastern Canada remains under blanket of hot, humid air
Related: Summer snow falls in parts of Newfoundland: ‘Never seen it this late in June'
The weather agency says a “very warm and humid air mass” has settled over the Maritimes and above normal temperatures and humid conditions will stick around into Thursday. Maritime temperatures are expected to return to seasonal normals for the weekend.
A hot and humid air mass is also entrenched over southern Quebec, with Tuesday's highs expected to be in the low 30s with a humidex reading between 35 and 40 C, also through Thursday.
Southern Quebec was rocked by violent storms on Monday, leaving thousands of homes and businesses without electricity, or air conditioning. Most of the outages were in the Outaouais region of western Quebec in addition to areas north and northeast of Montreal.
Environment Canada said much of southern Ontario, including Toronto, also remains under a heat warning, with a humidex reading of 43 expected on Tuesday. The extreme heat was expected to ease off on Friday with the passage of a cold front.
In western Alberta, meanwhile, the problem is rain and lots of it.
As of late Monday, about 30 millimetres of rain had fallen in the Jasper region, creating the possibility of flooding in low-lying areas. Environment Canada said another 25 to 50 millimetres of rain were expected before it tapers off Wednesday morning.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
MILAN, April 28 European shares fell in early deals on Friday as investors took profits at the end of a strong week with earnings taking centre stage as political worries subsided, while UBS soared after a profit beat.
The STOXX 600 index was down 0.1 percent by 0719 GMT, adding to the previous session's losses, while UK's FTSE also was down 0.1 percent and France's CAC was flat.
UBS rallied 3.7 percent as a long-awaited turnaround in its core wealth management business helped Switzerland's biggest bank deliver its second-best start to a year since the financial crisis.
Barclays fell 3.8 percent after its investment bank missed out on a bond trading boom that saw earnings surge at its Wall Street rivals, even though its first quarter profit more than doubled.
Despite Friday's losses, the pan-European index is up more than 2 percent so far this week, and close to a 20 month high, as fresh money poured into the region's equities following the market friendly outcome of the first round of France's presidential election. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
Turkey's ‘First Lady' seeks to censor negative reports about them in Internet
According to an article written by Dean Sterling Jones titled “First Lady of Lumen' published in “Shooting the Messenger” basing on the data assured by the Lumen Database, a website that collects and analyses online takedown requests, Emine Erdoğan, who is the wife of autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan so they are Turkey's First Lady, sent a Turkish court order complaint to Google and WordPress demanding the removal of news reports describing them as “damaging” to their “personality rights.”
“Personality rights” refers to “the right of an individual to control the commercial use of their or their name, image, likeness, or other unequivocal aspects of one's identity.” However, according to the article Most of the targeted URLs, including one of the WordPress blogs, have since been removed from the web, making it difficult to determine the specifics of Erdoğan's complaint. From the remaining URLs, it appears that they objected to a blitz of negative news reports and images.
Other targeted URLs include a Google blog post about Turkey's nationwide Twitter ban, another since-deleted story that implicates the Turkish First Lady in a corruption scandal, and an article that appears to suggest that Turkish citizens who insult their government will be deported and have their citizenship revoked.
It's not the first time the Erdoğans have petitioned Google and WordPress to delete negative reports about themselves from the web.
The article has also reminded the successful attempts by the Turkish President in 2016 to block a WordPress blog featuring satirical cartoons depicting them as a tyrannical dictator. That story was subsequently picked up by the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund's Maren Williams, and touched on by The Daily Beast's Lachlan Markey. Earlier this year, the easily offended president asked Google to delist “hurtful, humiliating” reports comparing them to Adolf Hitler. That story was subsequently picked up by Techdirt's Tim Cushing.
Turkey has become once again the leading country among the countries that have censored and requested removal of content from the Twitter most, according to a transparency report covering between Jan. 1- Jun.30, 2017.
Turkish Interior Ministry has stated on August 7, 2016 that 3,710 people have been the subject of legal proceedings and 1,656 were arrested between March and Augustus 2016 due to social media posts.As of the end of 2016, at least 10,000 people were under investigation on committing alleged crime of making terrorist propaganda and insulting senior state officials on social media.
According to figures released by the Ministry of Interior Affairs in December 2016, 3,710 social media users had been investigated in the last six months of 2016, of whom 1,656 were arrested. A total of 1,203 of those investigations resulted in releases on probation.
Turkey is the biggest jailer of journalists in the world. The most recent figures documented by the SCF has showed that 280 journalists and media workers are now in jails as of September 30, 2017, most in pre-trial detention languishing in notorious Turkish prisons without even a conviction. Of those in Turkish prisons, 255 are arrested pending trial, only 25 journalists remain convicted and serving time in Turkish prisons. An outstanding detention warrants remain for 134 journalists who live in exile or remain at large in Turkey.
Detaining tens of thousands of people over alleged links to the movement, the government also closed down more than 180 media outlets after the controversial coup attempt.
Related
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Monday slammed Pakistan over its interference in India's internal affairs and the unwarranted statement by the country's foreign office.
While attending a press conference, Prasad said, "We completely abhor any outside interference in India's internal affairs. Pakistan's promotion of terrorism in India is well known and Pakistan must stop giving us lessons; we are proud of our democracy. We condemn this unwarranted statement."
"Today a very curious statement was released by the Pakistan foreign office condemning Islamabad being dragged into India's elections and stated that Indian must learn to fight their elections on their own. I would like to say Pakistan that India is capable to contesting its democracy on their own," they added.
Yesterday, while addressing a rally in Gujarat's Banaskantha, Prime Minister Modi alleged that former Pakistan Army director general Arshad Rafique was helping Congress leader Ahmed Patel to become the chief minister of Gujarat. Later, Pakistan Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Dr Mohammad Faisal, in their tweet, had asked India to stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate. "India should stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate and win victories on own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies, which are utterly baseless and irresponsible," read the tweet. The prime minister had also questioned suspended Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and former vice-president Hamid Ansari's meeting with the Pakistan High Commissioner. (ANI)
A 12-year-old girl has been booked on a charge of negligent discharge of a firearm after a shooting in a classroom at Sal Castro Middle School in the Westlake district on Thursday morning left five people injured, including two students who sustained gunshot wounds, authorities said.
Scroll for more content...
The shooting was described as "not intentional" by Los Angeles Police Department Spokesman Josh Rubenstein. LAPD officials said it appears the girl did not plan to shoot when they brought the gun into school.
Two students - a 15-year-old girl and a 15-year-old boy - were found with gunshot wounds and transported to local hospitals, according to authorities. The boy, who was shot in the head, was transported in critical condition, said Capt. Erik Scott of the Los Angeles Fire Department. The female victim had a gunshot wound to the wrist and was in fair condition.
Three other patients - ages 11, 12 and a 30-year-old female staffer - were taken to hospitals for treatment.
Emergency personnel from several agencies responded to the middle school, located in the 1500 block of West Second Street, after receiving reports of a possible shooting inside a classroom shortly before 9 a.m., according to Los Angeles School Police Department Chief Steven Zipperman.
The shooting took place in a mixed-grade class at the middle school, which is located on the campus of Belmont High School, not far from downtown Los Angeles.
In addition to the two teens who were shot, two of the injured had "graze wounds," according to an official at Los Angeles County USC Medical Center, where four of the victims are being treated. All four patients at the facility are expected to make a full recovery, including one who is in the Intensive Care Unit.
LAPD, which is the lead agency in the investigation, identified the suspect as a 12-year-old girl. School police Sgt. Edward Bernal told KTLA earlier in the day, and after they were taken into custody, that they are a student.
Sky5 aerial video showed two officers escorting an apparently handcuffed female off the campus and to an awaiting LAPD patrol car, where they were placed in the back seat. It was still unclear whether they were the suspect in the incident.
Later in the day, LAPD officials confirmed the suspect was booked on a charge of negligent discharge of a firearm but still had not released information about the circumstances leading up to the shooting.
The campus was placed on lockdown for several hours as police searched the middle school, but LAPD indicated they did not believe there were any additional suspects outstanding.
In the immediate aftermath of the shooting, officers could be seen bringing several students out of a classroom with their hands behind their backs, aerial footage showed. They were being patted down by police before being released, apparently as a precautionary measure.
"The school has been declared safe at this point. There is no more safety threat," Zipperman said.
It was not immediately known how the shooter was able to get the gun on campus, Bernal said, noting that the school conducts random weapon checks.
Authorities were also investigating how the individual was able to access the gun.
"We do not know yet ... how our young person on this campus ended up having the ability to have access to a firearm and bring it onto a campus," Zipperman said.
Investigators were unsure how many students and staff were in the classroom at the time of the incident.
"There were numerous kids that ran and other kids that may have left the classroom," Zipperman said.
One woman whose 13-year-old sister was inside the class when the shooting took place told KTLA the sibling - who is in the 7th grade - communicated with them through a series of text messages and recounted a chaotic scene.
Jocelyn Lopez said their sister texted that they were OK, but had "just heard something pop inside the classroom." Then, everybody started to panic, the sister told Lopez.
They texted that they were sitting next to two girls who were injured.
"It was really close to her," Lopez said.
Classes resumed as normal once the lockdown was lifted, and counselors were on campus to assist the students impacted by what the school police chief described as a "traumatic" incident.
In the hours following the shooting, California's Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Torlakson issued a statement offering their condolences and thanking law enforcement and school officials for "acting rapidly and quickly locking down the campus to make sure this tragedy was not even worse."
"My thoughts and prayers go out to the students, teachers, staff, and the entire community at Sal Castro Middle School and the Los Angeles Unified School District," they wrote. "I'm saddened that this kind of terrible event is becoming far too common."
While normal dismissal time is at 3:05 p.m., Zipperman said parents who wanted to pick up their children from the school early could do so by going to the softball field at Loma Drive and Crown Hill Avenue beginning at 1:30 p.m.
Meanwhile, a staging area is being set up in the area of Belmont Avenue and Beverly Boulevard for parents, guardians and members of the community to ask district officials any questions. A hotline has also been set up for those that cannot get to the location in person, and can be reached by dialing 213-241-1000.
LAUSD Interim Superintendent Vivian Ekchian released a statement on the shooting:
Our thoughts and prayers are with those who were hurt in today's shooting incident at Sal Castro Middle School and with all the students, families and employees on the campus.
The Los Angeles Police Department, Los Angeles Fire Department, Los Angeles School Police and District leadership immediately responded, and we followed protocols to ensure the safety and well-being of the Castro Middle School community. The school has been declared safe, and we are communicating with parents of students at Castro Middle School, as well as neighboring campuses. We are also providing appropriate supports to those who may be impacted by the incident.
We have set up an information center at Beverly Boulevard and Belmont Avenue, where parents, guardians and community members can receive updates, information about school dismissal procedures, as well as counseling services.
We are fully cooperating with the Los Angeles Police Department in its investigation of this matter.
KTLA's Jennifer Thang, Anthony Kurzweil and Sarah Fenton contributed to this story.
Police are seen near a damaged van in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Aaron Vincent Elkaim
The president of Toronto's police union says an officer's actions in arresting a suspect in Monday's deadly van attack was “one shining moment” in an otherwise horrific day.
Mike McCormack of the Toronto Police Association said the arrest, caught on videos that have been widely circulated on social media, has served as a glimmer of hope for a city caught in tragedy.
“It's one shining moment in an absolutely game-changing, abysmal, horrific day in the city of Toronto,” McCormack said in a phone interview Tuesday. “The one … positive to take away from that day was their behaviour.”
With the city still on edge following Monday's midday massacre, many social media users have hailed the officer as a paragon of restraint in the face of abject terror based on footage of their tense standoff with the alleged driver. It happened not far from the stretch of Yonge Street where a man driving a van killed 10 people and injured 15 others.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
In one of the videos, a man, asking to be killed, stands by a damaged white rental van and points a dark object towards the officer.
The officer refuses to shoot and repeatedly yells for the man to get down.
The suspect warns they have a gun in their pocket.
“Shoot me in the head,” the man can be heard saying.
From a highrise window, another video appears to show the suspect walking backwards with their arms raised as the officer moves towards him.
The suspect eventually goes to the ground and street-level footage shows the officer kneeling over them as they lie on the pavement.
“It could have gone either way. Any time if that threat escalated, we could have had a different outcome,” McCormack said of the arrest.
“He reacted to what they were seeing, what their training taught him, and we're extremely proud of him. They may have prevented additional deaths.”
McCormack said the officer was one of many first responders who ran towards the danger as the van mounted the sidewalk between Finch Avenue and Sheppard Avenue.
Officers pushed pedestrians out of the van's path, performed CPR and attended to “mangled” victims, said McCormack.
Even for seasoned officers, they said, the carnage was among the worst they had ever witnessed.
McCormack has been in touch with the unidentified arresting officer, who they said is overwhelmed with emotion, but eager to get back on the streets.
“He's more concerned with the victims … than what they have done.”
McCormack said that while the officer maintains their actions were “no big deal,” as the adrenaline fades, they will have to face the magnitude of what he's gone through.
They confronted a man accused in an attack that left 25 people wounded or killed, and both suspect and officer lived to tell the tale, McCormack said.
“(There's) this whole notion that police officers go out and shoot first and ask questions later,” they said. “Many times our officers are dealing with people in situations that's resolved in a peaceful way.
“It was demonstrated in an overwhelmingly clear fashion … what police officers are really about, and what they really do.”
Nicole Thompson, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
(UPDATED) Wesley So collected draws in all their previous matches before pulling off their win over Anand in the $300,000 chess classic
Published 1:01 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – Wesley So snatched their only win in the 9th and final round of the London Chess Classic at the expense of former world chess champion Viswanathan Anand of India Monday, December 11, to finish joint third in the tournament pitting 10 grand masters.
With the victory, the Filipino-American So, who competes under the US flag, ended the tournament with 7 points. They were tied for third with reigning world champion Magnus Carlsen of Norway and Frenchman Maxime Vachier-Lagrave.
Italian-American Fabiano Caruana who collected 12 Grand Chess Tour (GCT) points to emerge the winner of this event which is the 5th and final leg of the Grand Chess Tour.
Russian Ian Nepomniachtchi of Russia landed second place with 10 GCT points.
It was 'bad day' of sorts for Anand, who was celebrating their 48th birthday when they bowed to So. And to cap the forgettable day, Anand finished tied at 9th with Englishman Michael Adams.
Thanks all for the wishes. Chess wise has been a bad day. Akhil thinks Im in London to buy a Santa. So thats what Im going to do. Any ideas on where I could get a suitcase friendly Santa & Donner the reindeer! — Viswanathan Anand (@vishy64theking) December 11, 2017
Wesley So: " I didn't know it was their birthday and also I play well against my opponents' birthdays. Last year I beat Nakamura and someone else" #LondonChess — chess24.com (@chess24com) December 11, 2017
Last round #LondonChessClassic unhappy 48th birthday for Vishy as they lose to Wesley So and finishes last (or last equal). Meanwhile Karjakin ½-½ Nakamura #londonchess (photo @LennartOotes) pic.twitter.com/0R9NGRkzgh — London Chess Classic (@london_chess) December 11, 2017
So and their co-thrid placers Carlsen and Vachier-Lagrave pocketed $31,667.
Caruana and Nepomniachtchi, who were actually tied at the end of the London Classic, each won $62,500. Caruana was declared champion by virtue of the tournament tiebreak rules.
Despite failing to claim the top spot here, Carlsen still managed to dominate the 2017 edition of the Grand Chess Tour with 41 GCT points. All in all, they pocketed $245,417 in cash winnings this season.
#GrandChessTour summary of winnings & @MagnusCarlsen's achievements #LondonChessClassic #LondonChess pic.twitter.com/zdfsmQ9QmE — London Chess Classic (@london_chess) December 11, 2017
Vachier-Lagrave ended the tour at No. 2 ($207,917), while Levon Aronian of Armenia was third ($91,250).
So and Nepomniachtchi were joint 8th placers. The Fil-Am had combined winnings of $79,167 in the Tour. – Rappler.com
Evangeline Lilly went through a major shift after wrapping up on the TV show that made their famous: J.J. Abrams' Lost.
Despite the series' incredible success, the British Columbia native, 38, struggled with becoming a household name.
“I was never enamored by the idea of fame,” they tell PEOPLE in this week's issue, admitting they went through “a pretty dark time” coming to terms with being a public figure.
For more about Lilly, check out this week's issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands now.
In fact, they planned on retiring from acting after Lost ended in 2010, and for two years enjoyed life off the grid, moving to Hawaii with their partner, Norman Kali, who worked in film production and is now a stay-at-home dad.
Evangeline Lilly Christopher Polk/Getty
They took up surfing and wrote scripts and children's books. Lilly also settled into the role of mom, having two sons.
But when Peter Jackson offered them a role in The Hobbit movies, they couldn't turn it down.
Same with 2015's Ant-Man, in which they star opposite Paul Rudd's titular superhero as Hope Pym, a scientist who goes on to become a crime fighter in the movie's sequel, Ant-Man and the Wasp.
Lilly says they had to find a way to “make peace” with working in Hollywood and “embrace all the things that made me uncomfortable.” They did—and they have their low-key island home life to keep them grounded.
Ant-Man Zade Rosenthal/Marvel Studios/Walt Disney Studios/Kobal/REX/Shutterstock
“I had to find a place in which I could be happy,” they say. “And now I very much am.”
Ant-Man and the Wasp are out Friday.
Colorado Rockies' Ian Desmond rounds third base after hitting a solo home run during the second inning against the Pittsburgh Pirates in a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. (AP Photo/Jared Wickerham)
PITTSBURGH | The Colorado Rockies, road warriors?
Believe it.
Ian Desmond hit their fourth home run of the season and rookie German Marquez pitched effectively into the sixth inning as the surprising Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5-1 on Wednesday night to snap a three-game losing streak.
Marquez (5-3) gave up one run and four hits in five-plus innings as Colorado avoided being swept for the first time this season. Raimel Tapia went 4 for 4 and scored three times for the Rockies. Jake McGee bailed Colorado out of a bases-loaded, one-out jam in the seventh.
The Rockies have won a major-league best 25 games on the road.
“They persevere, they stay at it,” manager Bud Black said. “There's sort of a quiet tenacity to our group.”
The Pirates managed just one extra-base hit and left eight men on as their season-high four-game winning streak came to an end.
Chad Kuhl (1-6) remained winless since April 8. They gave up three runs in five innings and their ERA sits at 5.61 through 12 starts, though he's improved of late. Kuhl's ERA is 3.60 over their last three appearances. Manager Clint Hurdle plans on keeping Kuhl in the rotation for now.
“As far as the battle, the fight, it was there,” Hurdle said. “Talking about 3-0 (when Kuhl exits). Yeah it's not what you're looking for leaving the clubhouse, then again it's not like they got barreled up.”
The Rockies are one of the biggest surprises in the majors, fueled by a starting rotation dotted with rookies and a newfound competence away from Coors Field. The 22-year-old Marquez is helping lead the way. They improved to 3-1 with a 3.00 ERA on the road after keeping the surging Pirates in check then relying on the bullpen to do the rest.
“He was a little erratic at times, but the stuff was good and they made some pitches when they needed to,” Black said.
Marquez bounced back from the shortest outing of their brief career (three innings in a loss to the Chicago Cubs last Friday) to work into the sixth. By then the Rockies already had a 3-0 lead.
Desmond sent a pitch from Kuhl just over the reach of left fielder John Jaso with one out in the second to put Colorado up. The Rockies added two more in the fifth. Desmond led off with a walk and scored on Trevor Story's RBI-single. Tapia then darted home when Pittsburgh first baseman Josh Bell couldn't field Marquez's sacrifice bunt.
The Pirates had a chance to get back in it in the seventh, loading the bases with one out. McGee came on and got Adam Frazier to fly out to center then struck out Josh Harrison on three pitches.
“Five, six and seven we're out there,” Hurdle said. “If we get one of those innings to click, it's a different game.”
Pittsburgh didn't threaten again as Colorado won for just the third time in its last 14 games at PNC Park.
HOT HEADS
The benches cleared briefly in the fifth after Marquez hit Pittsburgh catcher Francisco Cervelli in the left arm with a pitch. Cervelli, activated off the 10-day DL earlier in the day after recovering from a concussion, exchanged words with Colorado catcher Tony Wolters. Players and coaches made their way onto the field but quickly dispersed.
“When you get hit at 98 you get scared man,” Cervelli said. “As a catcher, your job is avoided the fight and not just be talking and looking for fights, that's it.”
CARGO BENCHED
Black is giving struggling outfielder Carlos Gonzalez a break hoping it will help them break out of an extended funk. Gonzalez, a three-time All-Star, is hitting just .215 this season and is 0 for 24 over their last seven games.
“You can look at the numbers and they're not good right now,” Black said. “But he's going to come out of it.”
UP NEXT
Rockies: Begin a seven-game homestand on Thursday against San Francisco. Colorado rookie Jeff Hoffman (4-0, 2.33) will look for their fifth straight victory. Matt Moore (2-7, 5.28) starts for the Giants.
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
California boy, 10, allegedly abused for days before death
Photo: Courtesy David Barron, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - This undated file photo provided by David Barron shows Anthony Avalos. Court documents say the 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on their head and slammed into furniture before they died in June 2018. (Courtesy of David Barron via AP, File) less FILE - This undated file photo provided by David Barron shows Anthony Avalos. Court documents say the 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on their head and slammed ... more Photo: Courtesy David Barron, AP California boy, 10, allegedly abused for days before death 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A 10-year-old Southern California boy was starved and tortured for days before their death, sometimes by younger brothers and sisters forced to take part in the beatings, according to prosecutors who have charged their mother and their boyfriend with their murder.
KNBC-TV on Tuesday cited court documents that alleged vicious and repeated abuse of Anthony Avalos at their Lancaster home in the Mojave Desert north of Los Angeles for five or six days before their death June 21.
The torture included slamming the boy onto the bedroom floor, whipping them with a belt and cord, pouring hot sauce into their mouth and forbidding them to use the bathroom, according to the documents.
Eight siblings witnessed and were forced to take part in some of the abuse, which according to the documents included making the other children fight Anthony and forcing the children keep watch "so Anthony would remain standing or kneeling."
"At one point Anthony could not walk, was unconscious lying on their bedroom floor for hours, was not provided medical attention, and could not eat on their own," Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Jonathan Hatami wrote in an motion filed Monday that asks a court to admit previous child abuse reports into evidence.
Sheriff's deputies were called to Anthony's home a day before they died at a hospital. Their mother said the boy had fallen down stairs.
Heather Maxine Barron, 28, and their boyfriend, Kareem Ernesto Leiva, 32, were charged with torture and murder. They haven't entered pleas and remained jailed on $2 million bail each pending a hearing next month.
Hatami's motion said that when the boy was brought to a hospital, their heart had stopped and they had suffered a traumatic brain injury and a brain bleed.
Anthony also had reddened eyes and numerous bruises, cuts and scrapes on their forehead, nose, mouth, cheek, neck, legs, shoulder, hips, back, buttocks, stomach, ankle, legs and foot.
County child welfare officials had received a dozen referrals of suspected child abuse about the boy from 2013 until 2016. Anthony had been removed from their home for several months when some of the reports of abuse were substantiated. They were returned after family members received in-home counseling, welfare officials said.
After Anthony's death, authorities removed the eight other children — aged between 11 months and 12 years old — from the home. They are being cared for by county child welfare workers, officials said.
If convicted, Anthony's mother could face up to 22 years to life in state prison. Them boyfriend could be sentenced to 32 years to life in prison.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc:
* INCREASES SHARE REPURCHASE AUTHORIZATION UP TO $1 BILLION
* QTRLY REVENUE OF $1.7 BILLION, UP 9% Y/Y
* QTRLY EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) OF $1.07; ADJUSTED EPS OF $1.32
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $1.21, REVENUE VIEW $1.65 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* SEES 2018 REVENUE OF $7.1 - $7.2 BILLION
* SEES 2018 EPS OF $6.25 - $6.50
* SEES 2018 CASH FROM OPERATIONS OF $850 - $950 MILLION
* FY2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $5.85, REVENUE VIEW $7.13 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS - BACKLOG AT END OF Q4 OF 2017 WAS APPROXIMATELY $47 BILLION
* SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS - INTEND TO REINVEST SUBSTANTIALLY ALL SAVINGS FROM TAX REFORM INTO “HIGH-RETURN” CAPITAL EXPENDITURES, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
* SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS - ALSO INCREASING INVESTMENT IN WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT, ACCELERATING PRODUCTIVITY INITIATIVES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Kazakhstan teenager Arsan Arashov has been banned for two years after testing positive for the banned substance meldonium, the International Tennis Federation (ITF) announced on Thursday.
The 17-year-old, ranked 1,729th in the world, failed a test at an ITF event in Gandia, Spain in early July last year, with their suspension backdated to Sept. 30, 2016.
Meldonium is the drug that Russia's former world number one Maria Sharapova tested positive for at the 2016 Australian Open, leading to a two-year ban which was cut to 15 months on appeal.
Sharapova is set to make their comeback to the sport in Stuttgart on April 26, the day their suspension is lifted.
(Reporting by Ian Chadband; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Catelynn Lowell Baltierra wants nothing more than to expand their family, but there's one problem, they suffered from a severe case of postpartum depression after having their daughter Novalee Reign.
“I've definitely been thinking about it and that's the one thing that's holding me back, honestly,” the 25-year-old told PEOPLE of their previous battle with PPD. “Especially because they say if you've had postpartum once, you have a higher chance of getting it with your next.”
Last year, Baltierra checked into a treatment facility for postpartum depression and anxiety following the birth of their second daughter.
“With Nova, I thought it was severe because I struggled with anxiety already and panic attacks and depression,” Baltierra continued. “So that is definitely the thing that scares me the most. I want to have a big family and have a lot of kids, but it's scary. It's definitely scary.”
From Coinage: Vacation Like a Kardashian: Here's How Much It Will Cost You
The Teen Mom OG star revealed that they and their counselor will have a plan set in place for when she's ready to stop taking their birth control and focus on getting pregnant again. Baltierra also revealed that if they experience PPD with the next child, she's going to feel more comfortable reaching out for help this time.
“I told my mom if that ever happens again, my strategy is going to be to tell them I need their help and that I need them to come here and help me. I would want them to come here and spend the night,” they said. “People used to dog on me bad, but I don't think people understood the fact that my panic attacks are paralytic panic attacks, which is where I can not think, I can not function or move or hear any noises. I just sit in a ball and cry. It's weird, but I cannot function.”
“So how am I going to be able to take care of a newborn when I can't take care of myself during those moments?” Baltierra continued. “It sucked and I felt guilty for a really long time. But now, two years up the road, I'm like, ‘Don't feel guilty. You took the time to get the help you needed and now you're more educated, so when you do have another one you know what to do.' ”
Teen Mom OG airs Mondays (9 p.m. ET) on MTV.
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
NEW DELHI: Apple Inc has asked India to defer a planned increase in import taxes on mobile phone parts so it can expand its iPhone manufacturing in the country, but the government is unlikely to accede, people familiar with the matter said.
The U.S. technology giant has been in talks with Indian officials for months, seeking "pre-requisites" - government tax breaks and incentives - for expanding its operations in one of the world's fastest-growing smartphone markets.
During those talks, Apple has conveyed it wants India to defer an existing policy that plans to levy taxes on more imported mobile components in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make in India" drive to boost domestic manufacturing.
While India's government has been keen to get Apple to manufacture in India as a showpiece investment, it has told the U.S. firm there would be no policy exemptions, so there will be no tax breaks on parts imports, the people said.
"Apple wants duty-free imports of components. India wants indigenization," said one person with direct knowledge of the talks.
Apple has expressed willingness to increase local value addition over time, but has stuck to its demand for immediate import tax relief to expand its iPhone manufacturing, the person added.
Apple declined to comment, and there was no response from either Modi's office or the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, which is trying to help build an electronics manufacturing base.
NO SPECIAL TREATMENT
The disagreement could be a stumbling block, and risks delaying Apple's plans to penetrate the Indian market, where it currently just assembles its iPhone SE model.
Despite a boom in smartphone sales in India, Apple's market share is only around 2 percent.
Apple has demanded the tax relief as India still lacks an ideal ecosystem for parts makers to thrive. Counterpoint Research data shows that while more than three-quarters of smartphones sold in India are made locally, about 90 percent of the $14 billion worth of mobile components are imported.
To change that scenario, India imposes a 10 percent tax on imported components such as batteries, chargers and headsets.
Under a "phased manufacturing programme" (PMP), the government plans to extend the taxes to more components as a way of nudging parts makers to switch to more local production.
"It's been a chicken-and-egg problem for component suppliers whether to set up manufacturing operations in India," said Neil Shah, a director at Counterpoint. "Apple and its partners will eventually have to comply, otherwise Apple will always price its products at a premium."
A previously unreported note prepared by India's IT ministry assessing Apple's demands showed the company sought an exemption from PMP, which the ministry said "may not be feasible".
Some of Apple's other demands - including capital equipment incentives as well as allowing importing and then exporting phones after repairs - would require policy changes, according to the note.
While the government has publicly said it is still considering Apple's demands, the people familiar with the talks said it has made clear it won't make any special concessions.
"We have told them, please come and invest but we cannot do things that go beyond our policies. We cannot do things only for you," said one senior government official with direct knowledge of the matter. "They are coming around (to our view)."
Apple has said it would be able to create 5,000-10,000 jobs in India as and when it expands there, the official said.
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
March 31 Mullen Group Ltd
* Mullen Group Ltd. announces the acquisition of Envolve Energy Services Corp. A well disposal business situated in the montney resource play
* Mullen Group Ltd - expect Envolve 1 will generate annual revenue of $8.0 million, a roce of about 25.0 percent and be immediately accretive to Mullen Group
* Mullen Group Ltd - will use balance sheet to fund additional facilities, built under new build strategy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
Hull City manager Marco Silva hailed their side's 4-2 Premier League win over Middlesbrough as their best performance since they took charge at the East Yorkshire club after they climbed out of the relegation zone on Wednesday.
Goals from winger Lazar Markovic, strikers Oumar Niasse and Abel Hernandez, and defender Harry Maguire ensured Hull's second consecutive league win and extended their unbeaten home run to eight games in all competitions.
"It was a very good performance and my feeling is that it was our best since I arrived here," said Silva, who replaced Mike Phelan in January, told the British media.
"There are still many things that we have to work on as a team but I am happy with our progress. We worked together and played as a team -- this is the only way we can change the situation that we are in."
With seven games remaining, Silva has urged their side to continue their fight for survival as they expect the relegation battle to go to the final game of the campaign.
"It's a big fight and we must continue our work. I don't have doubts that it will go down to the final days of the season," they added.
Hull, who have failed to register an league win on the road since August, visit fourth-placed Manchester City on Saturday.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
Forest fire crew packs up at the end of a day's work. Politicians should not wear this uniform. (B.C. Wildfire Service)
I'm just back from vacation and a drive from Victoria to Prince George last week to visit relatives. Here are a few observations.
• The closure of Highway 97 through the South Cariboo forced northbound traffic to the Coquihalla and up Highway 5 to Little Fort, then west on Highway 24 to rejoin 97 just south of 100 Mile House. Blackened tree trunks are still visible near Barriere and McLure, north of Kamloops, where fires burned for 75 days in 2003, forcing the evacuation of 3,800 people.
The one visible roadside scar from this year's fires was near Williams Lake, where a brush fire ran up to one of the many widening and paving projects underway this summer. The broad construction area acted as a firebreak and only a small spot burned on the other side before the fire was put out.
• Smoke was visible in the Prince George area, but it wasn't until south of Quesnel that the brown haze and strong smell settled in. Air conditions were worst at Kamloops and Merritt, where smoke followed river valleys while trapped in an extended high-pressure system. A haze was still visible when I returned to Victoria, and when I started my car the next day, the smell from the air vents was a reminder of conditions in the Interior.
• Vancouver media went from bad to worse as they grew bored with the struggles of far-off towns and farms. Among many errors by drama-seeking urban outlets, the CBC announced the rescinding of an evacuation order for Princeton, which was never evacuated. Then for days the people's network flogged the story of a back-burn gone wrong on Hart Ridge Mountain south of Clinton, after the wind shifted suddenly.
The tone of the coverage suggested a reckless, inept effort by the B.C. Wildfire Service, with sound-bites from an angry rancher who went to media instead of filing their damage claim with the province. The unfairness to exhausted firefighting crews seemed lost on them, or unimportant next to the media craving for conflict.
Worst of all was TV coverage of a family's return to the burned-out mobile home park near Ashcroft. Zoom in on the crying, that's gold for a jaded urban audience. If that's what they put their effort into, they should stay home and do another bike lane story instead.
• Speaking of disaster porn, Al Gore cited the B.C. fires during the Toronto stop of the promotional tour for their latest movie, An Inconvenient Sequel. That's the follow-up to their 2006 docu-drama that predicted an ice-free Arctic by 2014, the breakup of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, and other dire events that have not materialized.
• B.C. statistics aren't complete yet, but measuring by area burned, this year likely won't even be close to the record in 1958. Nationally, Canadian Interagency Forest Fire Centre statistics show so far in 2017, area burned across Canada is far below 1989, 1994, 1995 and 2014.
• On the NDP government's second political tour of the fire zone, Public Safety Minister Mike Farnworth, Forests Minister Doug Donaldson and North Coast MLA Jennifer Rice posed for pictures wearing the red uniform of the B.C. Forest Service. Pro tip for next time: don't put on a uniform you haven't earned the right to wear.
They did their helicopter tour and photo opportunity with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who delayed their visit to B.C. until they could attend a lucrative party fundraiser in Vancouver.
Tom Fletcher is B.C. legislature reporter and columnist for Black Press. Email: tfletcher@blackpress.ca Twitter: @tomfletcherbc
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Erik Matti hatches a world that is seductively ominous, writes Oggs Cruz
Subtlety isn't a virtue of Erik Matti's Seklusyon.
Doubt and suspicion
In fact, the film isn't much for virtues. It flaunts gloom and bleakness, draping faith and morality with doubt and suspicion. It is brash and blunt, delivering its criticism against blind fanaticism through religious imagery that serves as the core of its horror. (READ: MMFF 2016: In Erik Matti's 'Seklusyon,' terror comes for you – slowly)
It is also immensely intriguing.
Set in post-war Philippines where religion becomes a cornerstone for elusive hope, Seklusyon centers on Miguel (Ronnie Alonte), a deacon who is set for a week-long isolation in a remote retreat house before being ordained into a priest.
While they and other deacons are struggling to wrestle with their personal demons, Anghela (Rhed Bustamante), a girl with miraculous powers, is sent by the Church to live with them, resulting in stranger things happening further into their seclusion. Another priest (Neil Ryan Sese) starts to investigate the identity of Anghela, discovering along the way horrifying truths that are beginning to envelope their precious vocation.
Exquisitely crafted
Matti hatches a world that is seductively ominous.
Cinematographer Neil Derrick Bion flirts with light and shadow, blanketing the outside world with abundant sunlight and draping the interiors of the retreat house with haunting darkness. Seklusyon is a curiously elegant film, one that establishes mood and atmosphere to elevate dread. It climaxes into an audacious display of clever provocation.
It isn't a perfect film, quite far from it.
Alonte is quite a letdown, especially since they are playing a central character whose internal turmoil is integral to the film's bold rhetoric. Anton Santamaria's script is a little bit too obtuse in its effort to aggravate discourse. It is also paced awkwardly, forcing its languid start to hurriedly rush towards a too abrupt end.
More than just religion
However, the film still manages to raise the right questions, leaving a potent impression that all there is more to the film's brazen simplicity than meets the eye.
Seklusyon can't just be about religion. That's too obvious. The Church is too easy a subject to chastise. It isn't just religion that produces false prophets and blind idolatry, especially in this secular age when the church no longer has the monopoly to miracles and easy fixes. – Rappler.com
F rancis Joseph Cruz litigates for a living and writes about cinema for fun. The first Filipino movie they saw in the theaters was Carlo J. Caparas' 'Tirad Pass.' Since then, he's been on a mission to find better memories with Philippine cinema.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk claimed on Twitter that their company could provide Puerto Rico with a new power grid comprised of “independent solar and battery systems.”
After a user on Twitter asked whether Musk could “go in and rebuild [Puerto Rico's] electricity system with independent solar & battery systems,” the Tesla CEO replied, “The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too.”
advertisement
“Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR,” they continued, before responding to claims that installation companies were overcharging for Powerwalls, Tesla's home batteries, to be installed.
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 5, 2017
“Tesla always charges the same price for a Powerwall (only taxes & shipping costs vary), so something is messed up here,” they claimed, after one user pointed out that an installer was charging $12,000 for a Powerwall with installation. “I've asked my team to stop shipment to any installers charging excessive premiums.”
Tesla always charges the same price for a Powerwall (only taxes & shipping costs vary), so something is messed up here. I've asked my team to stop shipment to any installers charging excessive premiums. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 6, 2017
“The internal Tesla Powerwall install team in PR is very small right now,” Musk continued. “Sending experienced installers from continental US to hire & train local team as fast as possible.”
The internal Tesla Powerwall install team in PR is very small right now. Sending experienced installers from continental US to hire & train local team as fast as possible. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 6, 2017
Following Musk's comments, Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello replied, “Let's talk. Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your #TeslaTechnologies? PR could be that flagship project.”
@elonMusk Let's talk. Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your #TeslaTechnologies? PR could be that flagship project. https://t.co/McnHKwisqc — Ricardo Rossello (@ricardorossello) October 6, 2017
According to Electrek, “Musk is referring to solar and battery projects that Tesla recently deployed on other islands, like Tesla's visually stunning Powerpack and solar project in Kauai and a battery and solar microgrid on an island in the American Samoa.”
“The advantage of Tesla's solution is that it has the potential to be distributed, which increases the odds of at least some systems staying online or bringing some back online quicker,” they explained. “That's why Tesla is currently shipping Powerwalls, Tesla's home battery pack, in Puerto Rico since homeowners with existing rooftop solar installations that are still in place can connect to the battery packs instead of the grid and power their homes.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington and Gab @Nash, or like their page at Facebook.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan said on Monday it will be more active and directed in macro controls and in fending off financial risks.
The comments were published on the website of the People's Bank of China (PBOC).
(Reporting by Beijing monitoring desk; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Irish artists have been nominated in 6 categories at the 2018 Golden Globes.
Saoirse Ronan is up for Best Actress in a movie for their performance in Ladybird.
Daniel Day Lewis is shortlisted for Best Actor in the film Phantom Thread.
Screenwriter and Film Director Martin McDonagh is nominated for three gongs - Best Picture, Best Screenplay and Best Director for their movie Three Billboards Outside Ebbing Missouri.
Catriona Balfe is also in the mix, they are up for Best Actress in a TV Drama for their role in Outlander.
Here's the moment that Saoirse Ronan was nominated:
March 28 Indiabulls Ventures Ltd:
* Approved preferential offer and issue of up to 33.8 million convertible warrants to Inuus Properties and Inuus Developers
* Warrants are convertible into equivalent number of equity shares of INR 2 each at an exercise price of INR 43.75 per share
* Total equity investments by the two investors would aggregate upto 1.48 billion rupees in co, post conversion of warrants Source text: bit.ly/2o1GfMu Further company coverage:
If Amazon needs some help picking a city for its second headquarters, there's a group offering its advice, and it's giving the thumbs-down to Atlanta and eight other cities.
Scroll for more content...
Atlanta is on Amazon's top list for its second headquarters, but one group, which checked for LGBT-friendly policies, is telling Amazon to say no to nine finalists -- including Atlanta -- which do not have LGBT-friendly policies, according to USA Today and the National Center for Lesbian Rights.
"There are a group of activists from the LGBT community that have begun to put pressure on Amazon to look at their values as a company, one of which is inclusion and protection of the LGBT community," said Jeff Graham with Georgia Equality.
Even though Graham advocates for gay rights as the executive director of Georgia Equality, they disagree with the group. They want Amazon to choose Georgia because they say Atlanta itself is gay-friendly.
"The city of Atlanta addressed this very issue by establishing a strong human rights ordinance close to 20 years ago," says Graham.
Conservative Republican Gubernatorial candidate and State Senator Michael Williams is just fine with the group discouraging Amazon for choosing Georgia, but for him, it's for business reasons.
"I can't say I disagree with them," said Williams. "I think Amazon can kind of move along and find some other place because the deal they have right now will not benefit Georgians. I'd love for Amazon to come, but let's have a deal that's going to benefit Georgians."
Still, Williams does not favor extra protections in the state for the LGBT community.
"I don't believe that someone's ability to exercise their freedoms is anti-LGBT," said Williams. "I don't buy that."
When checking Amazon's original request for proposals, the company said it was requiring a "compatible cultural and community environment for its long-term success."
So whether Atlanta, or Georgia in general, meets that is up for interpretation.
It's been one year since four people died in Biloxi when a charter bus was hit by a train after stalling on the tracks.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - A Hong Kong penny stock firm announced the appointment of new leadership following the anti-graft agency's arrest of its three executive directors last week.
Convoy Global Holdings Ltd (1019.HK) was identified as part of a network of penny-stock firms whose share prices crashed spectacularly in June.
It has appointed Johnny Chen, a former chairperson of China at Zurich Insurance Group (ZURN.S) and former executive member of the Greater-China Management Board at PricewaterhouseCoopers, as its executive director and interim chairperson of the board, it said on Sunday.
It has also appointed Yap E-hock and Ip Yee-kwan as its executive directors, and named three new independent non-executive directors, Francine Fu, Martin Pak and Yan Tat-wah, it said in a stock exchange statement.
The Independent Commission Against Corruption, in its first ever joint operation with markets watchdog the Securities and Futures Commission, arrested Convoy's three executive directors, Wong Lee-man, Fong Sut-sam and Chan Lai-yee last week.
The trio was suspended by the company following the arrests.
× Google's spending spree rattles Wall Street
(CNN Money) — Google may have a spending problem.
Alphabet, the parent company of Google, racked up $7.7 billion in capital expenditures for the first three months of 2018 on everything from real estate to undersea cables.
The company reported strong growth in sales and profit for the quarter on Monday, fueled by the strength of its advertising business and helped by a lower tax rate. But its staggering investments appear to be rattling Wall Street.
Google's stock fell as much as 5% in early trading Tuesday.
“The big story from the results was the significant rise in expenses,” Brian Wieser, an analyst with Pivotal Research, wrote in an investor note Monday night.
Alphabet spent $2.4 billion in March to buy Cheslea Market in Manhattan to expand its office space in New York City. The company also said it invested in data centers, production equipment and undersea cables.
Related: Google's Facebook turn
Ruth Porat, Alphabet's CFO, told analysts on a conference call Monday that these investments are part of the company's “commitment to growth.”
“These combined investments will expand our compute capacity to support our growth outlook across Google, including machine learning, the Assistant and cloud,” Porat said.
Separately, Google agreed to pay $1.1 billion to get smartphone expertise from Taiwanese manufacturer HTC, including bringing on about 2,000 engineers and technical staff. The deal was announced in September, but completed last quarter.
Ben Schachter, an analyst with Macquarie, wrote in an investor note Tuesday that Google “sounds like” Amazon in its willingness to invest heavily for the future.
“It sees very large opportunities for long-term growth (search, YouTube, Cloud, cars, health, etc…) and it is going to invest in them,” Schachter said. “This is absolutely the correct thing to do and will over the long term increase shareholder value.”
The problem, according to Schachter, is that many of the new business opportunities Google is investing in now may not end up being as profitable for the company as its original moneymaker: search.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier said Monday that they would step down from one of President Trump's advisory panels, citing “a responsibility to take a stand against violence and extremism” days after a series of racist demonstrations erupted into violence.
A man disguised in a burka allegedly lured an 11-year-old boy from a mosque before raping and murdering him.
Azan Majid Janjua was killed after being kidnapped from the mosque they visited in Abu Dhabi for afternoon prayers two weeks ago during Ramadan, the Daily Mail reported.
“He cross-dressed as a woman because they knew that the boy would not go with a man without permission from their parents,” Major General Maktoum Al Sharifi of the Abu Dhabi Police Department said.
Surveillance footage shows the suspect with a purse getting into an elevator with a young boy.
Shortly after they reached the roof of the block of apartments, police allege the suspect raped and strangled the 11-year-old to death.
Police say they believe the suspect is a Pakistani immigrant.
Gulf News reports that air-conditioning technicians found the boy's half-naked body with a Quran May 31 on the roof of their residence.
Azan's father, 38-year-old Dr. Majid Janjua, said they were “shocked” when they received the news of their son's death.
“He was fasting and they went to the mosque for Asr prayers and Quran recitation and then went missing,” Janjua said.
Police arrested the suspect 48 hours after the workers found the body. Detectives say the suspect has confessed.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Scroll for more content...
Ever wanted to eat your way through Italy? Yes, of course you have. Here's how you can. And here's what else you need to know to. Here's what else you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door. (You can also get "5 Things You Need to Know Today" delivered to your inbox daily. Sign up here.)
1. Mexico presidential election
The third time was the charm for Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador. The leftist politician, known by their initials AMLO, is estimated to have received more than 53% of the vote in Mexico's presidential election. He'd run for the office twice before, but this year voters -- tired of years of violence and corruption -- decided he's their man.
Now comes the hard part:
The man who presented themselves as an agent of change has to contend with President Trump's threats to pull out of NAFTA and their calls for a border wall. Lopez Obrador -- who's pushed back against the wall in a book they wrote called "Oye Trump" ("Listen Trump") -- promised to forge a new relationship with the US, rooted in "mutual respect."
They said migration should be done by choice not necessity, and promised to strengthen Mexico's "internal market" so residents aren't compelled to leave.
And he's promised to tackle Mexico's all-time high homicide rate.
(He said they would lower the salaries of top officials and promised to sell the presidential planes and turn the presidential palace into a public park.)
2. Immigration protests
People from coast-to-coast hit the streets to protest President Trump's immigration policies over the weekend. The nationwide "Families Belong Together" marches and demonstrations were aimed at ending Trump's "zero tolerance" policy on undocumented immigrants that's left more than 2,000 children separated from their parents. Here are the top moments from the protests.
3. North Korea
Doubts continue to grow that North Korea is getting rid of its nukes. New satellite images, taken by a San Francisco-based company, suggest the North is actually expanding a key ballistic missile manufacturing site in Hamhung, North Korea. That flies in the face of President Trump's declaration, after their summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, that the nuclear threat from the North was over. Meanwhile, White House National Security Adviser John Bolton says the US has a one-year plan for the North to denuclearize.
4. Idaho stabbings
Police say a man attacked people at a 3-year-old's birthday party in Boise, Idaho, over the weekend -- stabbing nine people, including six kids. There were initial concerns that the incident was a hate crime because the apartment complex where the party was held housed refugees. But police now say the suspect, who was charged with nine counts of aggravated battery, wanted revenge for being kicked out of the complex.
5. New laws
The month of July brings the nation a slew of new laws: The minimum wage is now $15 per hour in San Francisco. Plastic straws are banned in Seattle. You have to be at least 18 to be able to get married in Florida. Uber and Lyft drivers face tighter alcohol rules in California. And elementary school kids get more recess time in Virginia.
BREAKFAST BROWSE
People are talking about these. Read up. Join in.
Lebron's a Laker
Yes, King James taking their talents to La La Land is big news, but the bigger news is that he'll be joined by meme-worthy nemesis Lance Stephenson.
Cruelest cut
Who calls the police on a kid for cutting grass? Neighbors in Cleveland do. The resulting outrage sparked an uptick in biz for the 12-year-old entrepreneur.
World Cup, part 1
What's more shocking? That teams led by superstars like Ronaldo and Messi are out, or that host Russia (the lowest-seeded team in the competition) is still in it?
World Cup, part 2
The World Cup played to packed stadiums Saturday. That's nice, says Atlanta, which just happened to have the largest soccer crowd of the day.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
"We will never be the same as we were, now that Rebecca, Wendi, John, Gerald and Rob are gone."
The staff of the Capital Gazette, thanking readers in an open letter for their support after five staffers were killed in a mass shooting last week
NUMBER OF THE DAY
$12.5 billion
The value of new tariffs that Canada's slapping on US goods, in retaliation for US steel and aluminum tariffs
AND FINALLY
Bark worse than their bite
Superbolt the dog is having just a wee bit of trouble learning how to bark on command. (Click to view)
Justin Theroux and Emma Stone are taking it easy in France.
The Leftovers actor, 46, was seen lounging shirtless in the sun next to Stone, 29, who wore a red one-piece bathing suit, in a bungalow at the famed Hotel du Cap Eden Roc in France on Tuesday.
Both have been in the country for the Louis Vuitton Cruise 2019 show, as they're ambassadors of the luxury brand. Jennifer Connelly and Ruth Negga were also among the group attending the show. On Saturday, Theroux was spotted hanging with Spider-Man: Homecoming actor Laura Harrier at Hotel du Cap.
Emma Stone (L) and Justin Theroux. One Shot/BackGrid
Stone and Theroux have been spending a lot of time together lately.
The last time they were spotted together was earlier this month after the Met Gala, which Theroux attended solo. The actor, 46, was seen leaving an afterparty at Up & Down Club with Stone. While they left the club separately, they got into a car together with Shailene Woodley before driving off.
Emma Stone and Justin Theroux leave the Met Gala. BACKGRID
The famous pair have become friends after working together on the upcoming Netflix show Maniac.
Just days before the Met Gala, they were photographed grabbing dinner together in NYC. Stone and Theroux were all smiles as they were seen heading into Blue Ribbon Sushi in Soho for a low-key night out.
The friendly pair also hung out together in April with Queer Eye‘s Jonathan Van Ness. The trio posed for a picture that they posted to their Instagram story. Among the captions Theroux put on the post was a clear message about their relationship status: “Bffffffs. And yes. JUST bfffffs.”
Meanwhile, Stone was last linked to Saturday Night Live writer Dave McCary. The duo first met at the end of last year when they were hosting SNL and starred in the Dec. 3 sketch “Wells for Boys,” which they directed.
Theroux has been spending time with a host of famous friends since splitting from Jennifer Aniston at the end of last year. Earlier this week, they were spotted — also shirtless — hanging out on Saturday with Harrier.
Justin Theroux and Laura Harrier. Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images; Stephane Cardinale /Corbis/Getty Images
While flashing their abs in a pair of blue-patterned swimming trunks, the actor enjoyed the sunshine alongside Harrier, 28, who was also dressed for the weather in a bright one-piece suit, according to photographs published by Page Six.
The pair were later joined by Harrier's stylist Danielle Nachmani.
Harrier, who previously attended the annual Cannes Film Festival to promote their eagerly-anticipated new film BlacKKKlansman, also appears to have been in town to attend the fashion show.
April 20 Zooplus AG:
* Sales increase by 24% in the first quarter of 2017
* Q1 sales 257 million euros ($275.66 million)
* Company confirms 2017 full-year sales forecast of at least 1,125 million euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9323 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Preparing for the holidays? Let these Filipino startups help you beat the Christmas rush.
Published 12:20 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Christmas is the most colorful and festive season in the Philippines, but it could also be the most stressful.
From heavy traffic to long lines in banks and grocery stores, Christmas in the country can be a difficult experience rather than an enjoyable one.
Here are 7 Filipino-founded startups that could lend you a helping hand this holiday season:
1. Pushkart
Skip the long queue in malls and groceries through Pushkart, an online grocery delivery service in Manila.
Pushkart makes grocery shopping for both fresh and dry goods more convenient. Don't have time to go out or too impatient to fall in line to pay? This startup will deliver your groceries to your doorstep. They also have affordable Christmas baskets in time for the season.
2. Things That Matter
Are you searching for gift ideas for family and friends this Christmas? Why not go for gifts that are both beautiful and meaningful?
Things That Matter is a one-stop online shop for Filipino-made products from social enterprises that create a positive impact in local communities.
Aside from selling and curating meaningful products online, Things That Matter also aims to create a vibrant community of artisans, entrepreneurs, and socially-conscious consumers.
The new online marketplace is actually an offshoot of Rags2Riches, a fashion social enterprise founded by Reese Fernandez-Ruiz in 2007.
3. Beep A Ride
This holiday season, it's getting harder to book a ride through ride-hailing apps such as Grab and Uber.
If you're attending a reunion and coming with a big group of family or friends, you could try renting a car through local startup Beep a Ride.
They have several options for people who know how to drive and only need a vehicle or those who just need a driver to help them move around the busy city. They also provide vehicle rental services with trustworthy drivers.
Going home to your province with the whole family? Their services also extend to nearby provinces such as Laguna, Quezon, Baguio, or Ilocos.
4. Good Meal Hunting
Christmas in the Philippines will not be complete without sumptuous food on the table. You could save time by ordering home-cooked but gourmet dishes from Good Meal Hunting.
This startup provides platters for gatherings and even caters to company events and parties. Aside from bringing in healthy and crowd-pleasing dishes to the table, you could also help empower the housewives who sell their home-cooked dishes in Good Meal Hunting's website.
5. Cleaning Lady
Organizing a party in your condo unit? A local startup called Cleaning Lady could help you clean your place before and after a holiday gathering. It's also best to start the coming year with a tidy home.
Booking a cleaning service from your building administrator might take weeks to schedule, but with Cleaning Lady it will only take minutes.
This startup provides employment to women in underprivileged local communities – meaning you could have your place cleaned and at the same time, help someone make a living.
6. Bayani Health
Give someone the gift of health this holiday season. Startup Bayani Health is making healthcare accessible to Filipino freelancers and entrepreneurs.
For an affordable price, you could give health insurance and coverage to your loved ones to prepare them for the upcoming year. Bayani Health's plans come with unlimited doctor consultations and emergency coverage.
7. Gavagives
You could also make Christmas more meaningful by giving back and donating to a cause you support. Gavegives, an online crowdfunding platform provides allows non-governmental organizations and even individuals to raise funds.
Some of the current campaigns in Gavagives are for rebuilding Marawi, medical assistance for children with leukemia, and for families who need help with medical bills of their loved ones.
A nation of heavy social media users and early tech adopters, the Philippines is considered to have a booming and vibrant startup ecosystem, with more than 300 operating startups in 2017. – Rappler.com
Frost & Sullivan recently concluded the first edition of its flagship Summit, the Growth, Innovation and Leadership (GIL) Summit South Asia 2018, at the Soaltee Crowne Plaza in Kathmandu. The summit's theme – Digital Transformation – Business and Social Impact featured inspiring keynote sessions by industry stalwarts, Frost & Sullivan's domain experts, and illustrious panelists. Over 25 industry luminaries presented topical insights and more than 150 delegates came together to envisage a Digital South Asia.
The summit began with an inaugural address by Mangesh Lal Shrestha, Managing Director, Frost & Sullivan, Nepal. They talked about the GIL journey and why innovation strategies are imperative for all players today to survive in the global economy. They said, “To survive and thrive in the competitive business environment, both as an individual and as a company, innovation has now become a mandate. Digital Transformation is an apt instrument, which can lead to new opportunities and empowerment across various economic and social sectors accelerating the pace of development in South Asia”.
The first keynote session of the summit was on Economic Transformation and Integration – South Asia Growth & Investment Opportunities. According to Frost & Sullivan, the economic contribution of the SAARC nations will increase from 3.6% in 2017 to 5.3% in 2025 and the overall economy of the region will grow at 8.3% (nominal growth rate) by 2025. Senior thought leaders and industry specialists also discussed the various potential that South Asia has in terms of energy, agriculture and tourism. The session also put forth the political transformation over the years and how that has reflected in a stellar growth rate across South Asian countries. The summit included perspectives from an elite line-up of speakers like:
Suraj Vaidya, President, SAARC- CCI
Dasho Ugen Tsechup Dorji, Former President, SAARC CCI
Nirvana Chaudhary, Honorary Consulate for the Maldives and Managing Director, CG Corp Global
Dr. Upendra Mahato, Founding President of the International Coordination Council of Non-Resident Nepali Association
Zubair Ahmed Malik, EC Member SAARC CCI & Former President, FPCCI
Interactive panel discussions with senior thought leaders on Envisioning South Asia: Digital Economy deliberated on enablers and obstacles like blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Virtual Reality, telecom industry, e-commerce and many other key disruptions impacting South Asian countries. It also focused on how locals, government and private companies can embrace these technologies in creating a digital economy.
On the occasion, Frost & Sullivan's Global President & Managing Partner, Aroop Zutshi said, “The entire world is currently experiencing a digital revolution, which is leading to a transformational shift in businesses and society. Although certain countries in South Asia are experiencing digital development barriers, but the region offers high potential to reflect emerging market growth in upcoming years.”
The summit also had an interactive workshop on Top Global Mega Trends and its implications to Business, Society and Cultures by Sarwant Singh, Board Member and Senior Partner, Frost & Sullivan. The session provided a Macro to Micro view, taking Mega Trends from Information to Strategy Implementation. The workshop deliberated on connectivity, convergence, data monetization, cognitive era, Internet of medical things and more.
The summit also conducted panel sessions on fintech, startups transforming business models through digitization, and transhumanism. These sessions featured industry thought leaders from across industries like:
Jerric Lyns John, Co-Founder & CEO, Global Start-up Award – SAARC
Keerthi Kodithuwakku, CEO, Jendo Innovations
Willem Grimminck, Director, One to Watch
Rabindra Shrestha, Managing Partner, Prestellar Ventures
Dr. Sanduk Ruit, Executive Director at the Tilganga Institute of Ophthalmology was felicitated with this year's “2018 GIL Leadership Award” for their social impact through Affordable Healthcare.
The evening concluded with Frost & Sullivan's 2018 South Asia Best Practices Awards Banquet, which recognized companies for their accomplishments in areas of innovation, convergent thinking and advanced technologies that will catalyze and transform industries in the near future. This year 11 awards were presented to a range of deserving establishments and companies for their exceptional performance under various parameters like innovation, technological augmentation, revenue, customer service, service provider etc.
The event was supported by our Official Hotel – Soaltee Crowne Plaza; Official Media Partners – Ekantipur and Kathmandu Post; Strategic Partner – SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry; Alliance Partners – The Federation of Nepalese Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FNCCI), Confederation of Nepalese Industries (CNI), Nepalese Young Entrepreneurs' Forum (NYEF), Asian-Oceanian Computing Industry Organization (ASOCIO) and Computer Association of Nepal (CAN); Gold Partners – Exellar Group and CAS; Silver Partners – International Money Express (IME) and Prestellar Ventures; Airlines Partner – Qatar Airways; Supporting Partner – M. Nepal Limited and SIXT, International Media Partners – Technology Times, Pakistan and Healthcare Partner- Nepal Mediciti.
Recipients of Frost & Sullivan's 2018 South Asia Best Practices Awards
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
PPS launches financial planning platform
PPS has launched PPS Horizon, a web-based tool that gives guided financial planning and advice to investors, in a safe environment.
The design architecture of this web based tool is the first of its kind in the country.
It has been designed in particular for use by financial advisors who are the custodians of clients' financial plans, providing financial advisors the opportunity of counting digital planning tools as part of their overall offering to their clients.
The tool will further assist financial advisers in efficiently attracting and servicing digitally engaged clients as well as in better segmenting service capabilities for a diverse range of clients. This in turn gives clients an opportunity to interact with their advisors and financial services provider through an omni-channel ecosystem with the option to choose their preferred method of engagement at any point in time.
The intelligent advisory tool analyses the user's circumstances, appetite for risk and financial objectives and calculates the likely future outcomes of a financial plan.
But, the tool goes beyond forecasting. The Play Zone feature allows users to consider a combination of products to reach a specific financial outcome. Brokers and members are now able to evaluate different scenarios and make better investment decisions with the platform's quick, efficient and real time offering, guaranteeing an exact path to the users' wealth creation goals.
PPS Horizon is powered by adaptive algorithms, consumer economics, quadratic equations and an extensive knowledge of behaviour economics to provide the user with a variety of financial planning options.
“Building a digital channel is not a nice to have, it's a business imperative,” says Izak Smit, CEO of PPS.
They add that according to ASISA stats: “An estimated 30% of the R180-billion in financial service products inflows per year is from clients that directly engage with unit trust companies.”
Reverend Phillip Burroughs, president of the Massachusetts based school, explained the decision in a letter to the student body. Burroughs wrote, “the visual depiction of a knight, in conjunction with the moniker Crusader, inevitably ties us directly to the reality of the religious wars and the violence of the Crusades.
“This imagery stands in contrast to our stated values. Over the coming months, the College will gradually phase out the use of all knight-related imagery.”
According to Fox News, “Students and faculty members unsuccessfully urged the school to drop the Crusaders name entirely, arguing it associates the school with the violence committed against non-Christians nearly 1,000 years ago. ”
During an appearance on Fox & Friends, Campus Reform Editor-in-Chief Lawrence Jones blasted the school's decision. Citing it as yet another example of history being destroyed in the name of political correctness.
“The social justice warriors and the speech police are out to destroy history,” they said, asking where this all stops.
“Why not … just remove the ‘Cross' from the name Holy Cross? That's ultimately what the Crusaders were defending,” said Rachel Campos-Duffy.
Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter @themightygwinn
Police would like to speak to these men over alleged crime in Nottinghamshire.
Call police on 101 with any information.
In early June, Anchorage's treasury office mailed out a letter that did its best to catch the reader's attention.
“You really need to open this,” the envelope read. Inside, the letter warned of an overdue payment on a $272.73 traffic ticket for tinted windows. As well as spelling out the consequences of not paying, the letter gave the reader the option of a payment plan.
One of a few thousand similar notices mailed out that week, the letter was a test in encouraging people to pay fines — a departure from the nondescript, text-heavy collections letter city treasurers had been sending out for years.
It was also an early sign of what may be coming from Anchorage's nascent “innovation office,” funded by a three-year, $1.5 million grant from Bloomberg Philanthropies, the foundation created by the billionaire former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg.
After a Bloomberg-run workshop in April, city treasurers decided to change the format of the letter used to collect delinquent fines. The idea was to make it more eye-catching and easier to read and understand, said city treasurer Dan Moore.
So far, the new letter is netting the city hundreds of thousands of dollars more than usual in fine payments, according to Moore. Their office has projected a total revenue boost of nearly $1 million in 2017 compared to last year.
Anchorage's innovation team plans to focus on employment, health care costs and some of the city's more complex problems in the coming years. But “side projects” like the treasury letter will likely also be part of the mix, said Brendan Babb, who was hired by Mayor Ethan Berkowitz to be the city's first chief innovation officer more than a year ago.
The Bloomberg grant has allowed the city to hire Sioux-z Humphrey Marshall, an entrepreneur who previously worked as the chief financial officer at the Alaska Travel Industry Association, and Patrick McDonnell, an urban planner who most recently worked for the city of Austin's innovation office in Texas.
Along with Babb, Marshall and McDonnell are working in a brightly painted room behind an old bank office in City Hall, which is also paid for by Bloomberg. On one wall, maps detail census information and other data about the Mountain View neighborhood.
In the coming months, the innovation team, or “i-team,” wants to help people earn money, either through training or getting a job, in the neighborhoods of Muldoon, Mountain View and Spenard. Babb said the other goal will be reducing the cost of living. They said the team also plans to examine cutting health care costs for the city, one of the biggest items in the city budget.
“A lot of what cities solve is symptoms, putting out fires, or providing services,” Babb said. “Bloomberg's goal is to bring in different techniques and models for solving problems.”
In the case of the treasury letter, the problem was that people were not paying fines. The city is owed tens of millions of dollars, mostly in criminal fines. Moore's department is in charge of encouraging people to pay up.
In the past decade, the city has collected $50 million in fines and traffic tickets. But about that same amount is still unpaid, Moore said.
During the Bloomberg workshop in April, attendees split into several teams to look at the city's standard collection letter. The letter meant the person had already missed the payment deadline and the case had been referred to a collections agency.
The original envelope was nondescript, carrying just the treasury division's address. The letter inside was text-heavy and black-and-white. The version produced by the workshop was more colorful, eye-catching and easy to read, Moore said.
It also included a new section under the words “Trouble paying?” In the old letters, there was no mention of a payment plan, and people often stumbled across it in phone calls to the collection agency, Moore said.
“In this case, they got it in the mailbox, a letter that said, black and white, ‘There is an option that might fit your situation,' ” Moore said.
It has proven highly effective, according to Moore. Traffic tickets average $150, and criminal fines tend to be several times that. When the treasury sent out about 5,000 of the test letters in June to randomly selected debtors, “many hundreds” of those people signed up for payment plans for the first time, Moore said. Most of the fines will be paid off in six months, leading to more fine money collected overall, Babb said.
Babb said they considered it an early victory for Anchorage's innovation team, and a sign of the direction they and their colleagues hope to move the city.
“Some things, people hadn't thought to change them,” Babb said.
VOL. 41 | NO. 15 | Friday, April 14, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — As Tax Day approaches, show some love for the good people who live in the nation's capital.
Washington, that swampy den of iniquity that politicians love to scorn, sends the most tax dollars per person to the U.S. government.
By a lot.
Last year, the District of Columbia paid Uncle Sam $37,000 per person in federal income, payroll and estate taxes. The next closest was Delaware, at $16,000 per person.
"It's where the money is," said Roberton Williams, a fellow at the Tax Policy Center. "The reason the District pays so much in taxes is that there are a lot of high-income people there."
Washington is an outlier because, despite years of lobbying, it is not a state. It doesn't even have a vote in Congress. It is, however, a city with a relatively high cost of living.
West Virginia, Mississippi and New Mexico have low median household incomes, which helps explain why they their residents pay far less in federal taxes. West Virginia paid $3,600 per person last year, while Mississippi paid $3,900 per person and New Mexico residents paid a little more than $4,000.
The Associated Press calculated each state's per-capita tax bill using data from the IRS and population estimates from the Census Bureau.
The deadline to file federal tax returns is Tuesday. It was pushed back because the usual April 15 deadline was Saturday, and because Monday is a holiday in the District of Columbia.
The IRS says millions of taxpayers have yet to file their returns. As they do, they shouldn't feel too bad for D.C. residents.
The nation's capital gets a good return on its tax investment. For every dollar the District sends to the federal government, it gets back almost $4, according to a 2015 study by the New York state comptroller.
For years, the late Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan, D-N.Y., would document that New York paid more to the federal government than it got back. In 2015, the state's comptroller took up the cause.
Washington's rate of return is higher than any state — most of it comes from wages for federal employees. The closest state is Mississippi, which gets back $2.57 in federal spending for every dollar it sends to Washington. New Mexico, West Virginia and Alabama are also big winners when it comes to federal taxes and spending.
These states are big takers because they have a lot of residents who get federal benefits, including Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, disability benefits and food stamps.
"They have lower incomes so they pay less in taxes and, because they have lower incomes, they get more federal aid," said Morgan Scarboro, a policy analyst at the Tax Foundation.
So why do so many of these states that benefit from the federal government produce conservative politicians who complain that the government is too big?
"There is this perception that so much money is being spent on things that don't benefit them," Williams said. "They ignore the things that do benefit them."
Williams cited foreign aid as a favorite target, even though it makes up only 1 percent of the federal budget, if you count military assistance.
"People view the world as cut my taxes and cut their spending," Williams said. "His spending is wasteful and my taxes are hurting me badly."
Most states are winners when it comes to getting more money from the federal government than they pay in taxes. On average, Americans get $1.22 for every dollar they send to Washington, according to the New York study.
That's why the federal government has a budget deficit.
The federal spending comes from social programs such as Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, as well as grants to state and local governments and spending on infrastructure.
States such as South Carolina, North Carolina and Virginia benefit from having large military bases.
The biggest losers when it comes to taxes and spending are New Jersey, Wyoming and Connecticut. New Jersey gets back just 77 cents for every dollar it pays, while Wyoming gets back 81 cents and Connecticut gets 83 cents.
New York gets 91 cents for every dollar it sends to Washington, according to the comptroller's report.
All these states have incomes above the national average.
"It's a good example of a progressive tax code," Scarboro said. "That is how it is designed to work."
___
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/stephenatap
Speech to Text for Man accused of leading police on chase in Terre Haute in court
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
chase through terre haute in a stolen car -- was in court for the first time this morning. this is "31"-year-old "tremaine wilson". accoring to court documents -- the pursuit happened friday afternoon. that's after indiana state police attempted to stop the vehicle in southern vigo county. police say "wilson" continued to pass several vehicles on the emergency shoulder. the pursuit ended near 3rd and chestnut streets after "stop sticks" were deployed. "wilson" remains in the vigo county jail on a number of charges -- including auto theft -- refusal to identify self and resisting law enforcement. another hot and steamy day outside. plus.. our
(Adds company news items, futures)
March 29 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 24 points on Wednesday as Britain submits formal notice of its intention to leave the European Union, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 0.4 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* SAGA: British over-50s travel and insurance company Saga Plc reported a 5.6 percent increase in full-year pretax profit as Britain's vote to leave the European Union did not dent demand for holidays among Britons over 50 years old.
* TUI: European travel and tourism company TUI reiterated its target of reaching at least 10 percent growth in underlying full-year operating profit after seeing solid demand for Winter and Summer bookings.
* RYANAIR: Irish low-cost airline Ryanair warned that it would not be able to fly between Britain and Europe if the country did not agree a new aviation deal as part of the Brexit negotiations which will be triggered later on Wednesday.
* BP: BP plans to sell more refineries without investing in new plants despite growing oil production and will focus on modernising existing operations while expanding its network of filling stations to generate $3 billion in additional cash.
* TESCO: Tesco, Britain's biggest retailer, remains committed to its agreed 3.7 billion pound ($4.7 billion) takeover of wholesaler Booker despite opposition from some big shareholders, its boss said on Tuesday.
* ACACIA: Gold miner Acacia Mining Plc on Tuesday denied allegations that it was trying to export gold and copper concentrates in spite of a ban by the Tanzanian government.
* BREXIT: Prime Minister Theresa May will file formal Brexit divorce papers on Wednesday, pitching the United Kingdom into the unknown and triggering years of uncertain negotiations that will test the endurance of the European Union.
* BRITAIN INFLATION: The British public's expectations for inflation over the coming year fell in March, despite a sharp pickup in the country's most closely watched measure of price growth, a monthly survey by bank Citi and polling firm YouGov showed.
* BOE: Bank of England interest rate-setter Ian McCafferty said on Tuesday they did not know whether they would vote to increase borrowing costs at the next meeting of the BoE's policymakers in May.
* The UK blue chip index ended up 0.7 percent on Tuesday, underpinned by a recovery in miners and banks as well as a surge in Wolseley's shares following strong results.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
