May 2 Armada Hoffler Properties Inc-
* Armada Hoffler Properties reports first quarter 2017 results
* Sees fy 2017 adjusted FFO per share $0.99 to $1.03
* Q1 adjusted FFO per share $0.26
* Q1 FFO per share $0.27
* Armada Hoffler Properties Inc sees fy 2017 total noi $73.7 million - $74.2 million
* Q1 FFO per share view $0.25 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 FFO per share view $1.02 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A 41-year-old man is due to go on trial on Thursday charged with the murder of a mother-of-three in Co Cork five years ago in what will be the first jury trial to be held at the new €34.8 million courthouse on Anglesea Street in Cork.
Darren Murphy of Dan Desmond Villas in Passage West, Co Cork denies a charged that they murdered 36-year-old Olivia Dunlea at their home in Pembroke Crescent in Passage West on February 17th, 2013.
The body of Ms Dunlea, a native of Victoria Avenue in Ballinlough in Cork city, was found with a number of stab wounds in an upstairs bedroom of their family home in Passage West by firefighters after they extinguished a blaze at the semi-detached house.
Mr Murphy will go on trial this morning when a jury will be sworn in to try them in the first criminal trial to take place at the Cork Courthouse on Anglesea Street which was officially opened on Monday by Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan.
The trial before Mr Justice Patrick McCarthy is expected to last a number of weeks at the new courthouse which replaces the Washington Street Courthouse in Cork.
Now, back in the W.Bush era, and he's rallying the troops, and Senate, House, whoever it was, to go along with their desire, em, obsession more like, of finishing what their daddy started in Iraq. So here we are post-9/11 and I have no TV and hadn't had one since around the opening months of 2000 when I finally vacated the marital home and went out on my own, Mom died, then the dog name Dixie they loved had followed them not long after, and news became my way of zoning out of all that loss that had stolen many of my preconceived ideas of what life had in store for me.
Confused and poor, but being a more logistical issue than anything financial or ideological, I couldn't afford the space for such an unnecessary great escape; I had the net, and a computer, and therefore far better sources to indulge my news junkie desires.
Since my exit from the abused as a child and clinically depressed ex-husband a couple years previous, whew, I was outa there and feeling free.
But 9/11 happened, and the difficult weeks that followed Mom's cancer diagnosis happened, into the fall when they died, everyone else in the universe was glued to CNN, that news all day every day flagship, slap you in the face coverage of the aftermath, and I missed it all; occupied with my own tragedy and loss.
In the intervening days, before the next visit of the reaper to my door, and after, I began to sniff out the news forums for clues to where to look for more news, and came upon papers from around the globe, and the profound difference in what American articles said was going on, and what the English said was going on, or the German's, or Dutch, or Swedes, or wherever.
The U.S. was washed clean with tears that came at the arrival of terrorism in the land, and everything changed. Fearful now more than ever of those Muslim zealots on their shore, raising their patriotic fist with a black crepe armband, oblivious to what the rest of the world thought, of them, and what was going on in, really, or specifically, going on in Iraq; and whether anyone at all found those cleverly hidden weapons of mass destruction Georgie promised were there, someone had a taste for war in their mouth, and of course Saddam was aiding Al Qaeda, didn't all bad guys go to the same golf club or something? Well, besides the fact most intelligence on the ground suggested the opposite was fact, but few Americans heard about that.
Pipes of this thickness, and that, and details, details, it's always about pesky details, that were shipped from Libya, {or wherever, can't recall now where they came from} were not nuclear grade, or so everyone else said, but not the Americans. Holding forth the testimony beaten out of a Muslim who just happened to say everything they wanted them to, was all that was required to convince the lot, and thus W.Bush got their gawd damn war.
I remember watching that live address they made at my sisters, and all the arguments they used in justification, the rally the troops' speech, and in disgust I made some smarmy comment and was booed down by my Brother-in-Law who said something about me being a something-something horrible something American.
I just told them to get their head out their arse, wake up, boy, I said, you're being played, and left the room to get another beer, got one for him, and snarled the bottle at them on my return.
I was right, they were wrong, we all found out a few years later.
See, not being indoctrinated by cable news had advantages that far surpassed the monetary savings; I saved my hardwon peace of mind, and ability to make my own conclusions, rather than having it spoonfed 24/7 by well-dressed talking heads.
Today though, things have changed somewhat.
I actually do have a TV, but no antenna or Cable, strictly for DVDs; I know, how Medieval. Course, that matters a heck of a lot less now, and I'm certainly not alone in being without, nor unusual to not be contracted in blood to some premier cable package.
Generally, I don't follow trends, as I have a habit of being oblivious to them. I'm no fashionista either, looking somedays more like the neighbourhood bag lady when I run across the street to pick up a few things; but the cashiers know me and don't mind my weirdocrity, common to this part of town.
Today I could not with as much confidence say I can smell a fact from a lie a mile away, but I still have the bs detector, v5.0 or so, it's just that the delivery has changed, the presentation, comes from nowhere and everywhere, and is more difficult to avoid in our trumped up, all day, every day, always-on access to anti-boredom devices.
Though I'm still not nupt up as most, with a 6-year-old piece of crap that takes 5 minutes just to load Facebook, and two days for messenger and god no thank you Instagram or twits on tweeter I have no time for, distractions I'm perfectly fine ignoring.
So, all in, the point is, I think I still got the knack. Therefore I see this current political, or maybe constitutional, showdown of the good vs the evil lefty snowball unfolding down yonder is not so out of my league, but a completely different ball of twine at its core, and blatant racist thought and no-action spreading hate like the Spanish Flu.
W.Bushy didn't play ball with Russian gangsters (that I know of), strayed as far as they could from pissing off the neighbours, and lied, but certainly didn't lie half as well as this one does. No, this guy's in a league of their own.
Sure, the end game is short-term less bloody, and the bodies are foreign, not dead, but we're still in the early innings of their term(s) {gawd help us all no}
And, certainly, the 45th doesn't have Georgie porgy's knack with diplomacy (words I thought I'd never say). Though, if either of them has read Tolstoy I'd be shocked, just sayin'; but what do I know, Bushy surprises me all the time.
Yet, the bonfires of Georgie's vanity are still blowing sparks before our jaded eyes, and the aftershocks are still being felt today.
Oh, we've come a long way, baby.
Advertisements
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
OSLO A planned power interconnector between Norway and Britain may be delayed if the opposition Labour party, which is currently leading in the polls, wins Norway's election in September, the head of the project told Reuters.
NorthConnect's 650-km, 1.4 gigawatt (GW) subsea cable could meet about a quarter of Scotland's peak demand with clean energy from Norwegian hydroelectric dams and wind turbines.
Labour leader Jonas Gahr Stoere told the Industri Energi trade union's annual meeting last Friday that they would not back the NorthConnect concession application if they win Norway's election.
"It is most likely that there will be consequences for the timing of the project. It might come later," NorthConnect Chairman Odd Oeygarden said when asked about a potential Labour victory.
Oeygarden did not say how long a delay could be if Labour were to win.
Plans currently call for a final investment decision in 2019 with operations due to start by 2022 or 2023. The project is expected to cost up to 2 billion euros ($2.18 billion).
Trade unions backing Labour do not support the project, as they are concerned it could lead to higher power prices in Norway and make the country less attractive for energy-hungry industries.
"It will increase power and grid prices in Norway and will replace Norwegian gas," Geir Vollsaeter, a special advisor at Industri Energi, Norway's largest trade union in the energy sector, told Reuters.
"It is full cannibalisation of our offshore and land-based industries ... We are fully, fully against this cable," they said.
An April 18-24 poll by Sentio Research gave Labour and two key support parties 91 seats in parliament, six ahead of the 85 needed for a majority and easily beating the ruling coalition and its backers, which had a combined 76 seats.
NorthConnect, co-owned by Swedish utility Vattenfall and Norwegian power firms E-CO Energi, Agder Energi and Lyse, has filed a construction application to the country's market regulator, NVE.
A second interconnector between Norway and Britain, after Statnett's [STASF.UL] North Sea Link (NSL), currently under construction and due to be completed in 2021.
NorthConnect, co-owned by Swedish utility Vattenfall and Norwegian power firms E-CO Energi, Agder Energi and Lyse, has filed a construction application to the country's market regulator, NVE.
The project will also require a trade permit from Norway's oil and energy ministry. Oeygarden said the project expects to apply for one in a few weeks' time pending further examination of the project's likely economic impact.
The Norwegian oil and energy ministry said it would evaluate the interconnector's economic costs and benefits once it receives a submission.
(Additional reporting by Terje Solsvik; editing by Gwladys Fouche and Jason Neely)
Carlos Murrieta, Pemex's director of industrial transformation, attends an interview at Reuters Latin American Investment Summit in Mexico City, Mexico August 11, 2017.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Three out of Pemex's six refineries will undergo maintenance work in the coming months, Carlos Murrieta, the director of the Mexican oil giant's refining unit said on Friday.
Mexico's refining network has been working well below capacity after a big fire in June forced Pemex to halt its largest refinery of Salina Cruz for six weeks, increasing the need for fuel imports.
"We are doing one of the most important programs to revamp our plants," the head of Pemex Industrial Transformation told Reuters in an interview. The program includes at least nine maintenance projects this year.
The 330,000-barrel-per day Salina Cruz refinery, which is currently producing some 50,000 bpd of finished products after resuming operations last month, is expected to double its crude processing to 220,000 bpd next week, Murrieta said.
They added that the Cadereyta refinery in northern Mexico is also under maintenance, but they did not elaborate further.
Salina Cruz's restart protocol has taken longer than planned due to operational issues after the fire. But Pemex completed major maintenance work during the stoppage.
Mexico's 1.63-million-bpd refining network is expected to process 1 million-1.1 million bpd of crude by the end of the year, once the maintenance work is completed, they added.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
Everton manager Ronald Koeman believes their team have no reason to fear facing Liverpool as the Merseyside rivals prepare to meet at Anfield in the Premier League on Saturday.
Everton, thumped 4-0 by Liverpool at Anfield last season and beaten 1-0 by their neighbours at Goodison Park in December, have failed to win at their bitter rivals since 1999.
"I don't know why. I heard in the last two seasons they were too afraid to play against Liverpool. Why you need to be afraid, I don't understand that," Koeman told reporters on Friday.
Koeman was also critical of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill's handling of James McCarthy after the midfielder aggravated a hamstring injury while on international duty this month.
"The assessment of the Ireland medical team would be that it would be high risk for James to play. When asked to play they said they felt they were fit," Koeman added.
"In my opinion the Ireland manager in this instance was not protecting the player. I spoke to James, they need to take responsibility... It is not the first time."
O'Neill responded by calling Koeman the "master tactician of the blame game", saying that a review of Everton's pre-season programme might "provide some enlightenment".
In a statement, the Ireland manager said McCarthy played their last game at Euro 2016 in late June before returning to Everton after a short break.
"Only 11 days later, they played their first of three games, all within an eight-day period, against Real Betis, Manchester United and Espanyol. Overloading?" it read.
"James last played for their country on October 9, 2016 - almost half a year ago. Since that time they have been totally under Everton's supervision. James is diligent and conscientious in their professional preparation."
Koeman hit back on Twitter, saying: "James McCarthy began their pre-season three and a half weeks after Ireland were knocked out of the Euros. From the master tactician."
Everton will also be without France midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin, Argentina defender Ramiro Funes Mori and Ireland right back Seamus Coleman for the Anfield game because of injuries suffered on international duty.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
Live Action Sci-fi Film Stars Popular Anime Voice Actors from such shows as Ghost in the Shell.
Altered Spirits SMALL
Media Contact
Ted Chalmers
4805358711
***@tomcatfilmsllc.com Ted Chalmers4805358711
End
-- TomCat films announces the U.S. Release of the feature sci-fi action film, Altered Spirits.Altered Spirits is a live action film that stars voice actors from popular anime shows. Main cast includes Richard Epcar (Ghost in the Shell), Cristina Vee (Sailor Moon), Stephen Weese (Hellsing Ultimate), Vic Mignogna (Fullmetal Alchemist), Spike Spencer and includes Andy McPhee from Sons of Anarchy and Jason Wishnov from League of Legends.The film is now available on Amazon Instant streaming for rental, purchase, and DVD pre-order, with more releases to come internationally and online such as iTunes and Xbox.Altered Spirits is about Scott (Stephen Weese) and Valerie (Cristina Vee) who go to a desert sweat lodge run by a questionable spirit guide (Richard Epcar.) They are unaware that evil spirits are using the sweat lodge as a supernatural gateway to Earth. These spirits, led by the ruthless Montague (Spike Spencer) have an agenda that includes ending the life of the young heroes. In the spirit world, Scott reaches out to their brother Skip (Vic Mignogna) for help, but things aren't exactly as they seem.To order on Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/ dp/B0743M2WVZ/
WASHINGTON The U.S. Justice Department said on Thursday it will require Smiths Group Plc (SMIN.L) to divest Morpho Detection LLC and Morpho Detection International LLC's global explosive trace detection business for Smiths to proceed with its proposed $710 million acquisition of Morpho from Safran SA (SAF.PA).
The Justice Department's Antitrust Division filed a civil antitrust lawsuit Thursday in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia to block the proposed transaction, the department said in a statement. The department also filed a proposed settlement that, if approved by the court, would resolve the department's competitive concerns, the statement said.
(Reporting by Eric Beech)
FILE PHOTO: A general view of the financial district of London is seen in London, Britain, October 19, 2016. REUTERS/Hannah McKay/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The Citibank building is seen in the financial district of Canary Wharf in London, Britain January 19, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Coombs/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Sir Martin Sorrell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WPP, the world's largest advertising company, speaks during an interview with Reuters at the Argentina Business and Investment Forum 2016 in Buenos Aires, Argentina, September 13, 2016. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Sir Martin Sorrell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WPP, the world's largest advertising company, speaks during an interview with Reuters at the Argentina Business and Investment Forum 2016 in Buenos Aires, Argentina, September 13, 2016. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci/File Photo
LONDON Pressure on British companies to ditch a common performance-related bonus scheme blamed for generating excessive executive pay has not stopped many firms from planning to stick with such schemes for another three years, a Reuters analysis shows.
In theory so-called long-term incentive plans (LTIPs) aim to legitimately encourage management success in boosting shareholder returns. Yet a series of corporate scandals and lucrative payouts has made them a target for criticism.
Lawmakers in Britain last week recommended LTIPs be phased out from 2018, while Norway's sovereign wealth fund, the world's biggest, wants them scrapped. The British government has also launched a review of corporate governance including incentive plans.
Exemplifying LTIP generosity, advertising company WPP (WPP.L) paid Chief Executive Martin Sorrell more than 70 million pounds for 2015, more than 60 million of which came through an incentive scheme - a payout that a third of WPP shareholders declined to support.
However, most top companies have retained LTIPs as part of executive pay when seeking investor approval for a three-yearly remuneration policy at shareholder meetings.
Analysis by Reuters of company annual reports and data from governance advisory firm Manifest shows 59 members of the FTSE 100 .FTSE blue-chip stock index recently updated their remuneration policy or plan to soon, of which 56 currently use or plan to continue using LTIPs.
"There (is) no reason why LTIPs should be used almost universally across the FTSE 100," Luke Hildyard, policy lead for flight attendantship and governance at trade body the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association, said.
"We would welcome more companies moving to simpler, smaller pay packages, perhaps involving a basic salary and a long-term share award," Hildyard said, adding the current system acted to drive ever-higher pay awards.
Companies use a range of data to calculate the payouts, with many referencing the firm's share price.
The process, opponents say, can be complex, overly generous, and can potentially incentivise actions detrimental to the long-term interests of a company. There is also evidence their overall economic benefits are limited.
A study by Lancaster University Management School, looking at Britain's 350 biggest listed companies, found CEO pay had risen an average 82 percent in real terms between 2003 and 2014/15, but economic return on invested capital was up less than 1 percent.
SIMPLER STRUCTURE
Asset management industry body the Investment Association said too much time is spent discussing pay with companies, and a simpler structure would free up time to engage on other important issues.
As the government considers whether to implement the recommendations by parliament's Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) committee, some cautioned a blanket ban was equally problematic.
"We don't think there should be a one-size-fits-all approach ... companies should be able to choose the right tools for the job," said Sarah Wilson, chief executive at Manifest, which advises funds on how to vote on corporate decisions.
The head of governance at a leading British asset manager said most LTIPs worked well. "In the vast majority of cases, we'll vote in favour of them because we've analysed them in detail and think they're based on stretching targets that reflect the company's strategy ... there are exceptions, but you deal with them on a case-by-case basis."
Ashley Hamilton Claxton, corporate governance manager at Royal London Asset Management, said they were willing to consider alternative bonus models but a phasing out of LTIPs from 2018 would be challenging.
Were the government to rule out LTIPs, Manifest's Wilson said many firms would likely use share options, with bonuses paid in shares with a long-term lock-in period.
"Much of it will depend on the tax implications," Wilson said. "Some investors like LTIPs because there are performance conditions associated with them so the BEIS committee's view isn't necessarily universally approved."
Yet the key basis of LTIPs remains contentious.
"The idea of tying a CEO's pay to the share price is flawed," said Stefan Stern, director of the High Pay Centre pressure group. "Share prices move for all sorts of reasons completely beyond the control of one human being or the board."
(Editing by David Holmes)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of people from all over the world will be descending on Derby later this year to celebrate the life of music legend David Bowie.
The David Bowie Convention will see bands from all over the country and overseas flock to the city to pay tribute to the legendary rock star who died just over two years ago at the age of 69.
The special event will take place on Friday, May 11, and Saturday, May 12 at The Queens Hall in London Road near the city centre.
The venue will play live music from a number of bands on both nights to celebrate Bowie's life.
Bowie is considered to be one of British music's greatest stars, captivating audiences with their records and style of performances.
Their greatest hits include 'Changes', 'Starman', 'Life on Mars', 'Heroes' and 'Let's Dance' to name a few.
The convention has been organised by massive Bowie fan James Draper who lives in Heanor and has been a boyhood fan of the artist since they were 11-years-old.
Mr Draper has run the event for the past five years. It was held in Hull last year to mark the city's celebrations after it was named the UK City of Culture.
But Mr Draper, 56, said they were excited to be bringing the event back home to Derby.
They said: "People from all the world will be coming to Derby to celebrate David Bowie's life - the convention is coming back home this year.
"Derby is a great city and we have got a beautiful venue at The Queens Hall in London Road. It's a short walk from the railway station and there are plenty of places to eat nearby and places to stay.
"When I was growing up, I lived in a council house but Bowie's music took you somewhere totally different. There was escapism to their music.
"We've got some great bands coming to play and already there are people from America, Australia and France coming along. I think it's great for Derby and puts us on the international music map."
Organisers say there will be plenty of excitement ahead of the big weekend as talented artist Sarah Captain will be hosting a special exhibition in the Derby Guildhall, which will feature some of their own David Bowie paintings. This will start on Saturday, May 5.
Sarah also has paintings of Derby County legends Brian Clough and Peter Taylor which will be included in the exhibition. It is expected the paintings will be moved to the Queens Hall venue when the festival takes place.
Tickets are on sale now. The Friday night gig on May 11 costs £16 and the Saturday night gig costs £40. Weekend tickets, covering both nights, are available at £50.
For more information visit the Facebook page 'Rebel Rebel at the National David Bowie Convention 2018' or contact Mr Draper by e-mailing them on jamesd45@hotmail.com.
March 29 C Security Systems AB (publ) :
* Says has entered into an agreement with Gras Savoye Yachting, one of Europe's boat insurance providers
* Agreement covers the French market and means that Gras Savoye Yachting is introducing a new insurance product to their customers where the C-pod system will be mandatory
* Under the agreement, starting from April 2017, Gras Savoye Yachting will be offering customers signing an insurance the new insurance product
Source text: bit.ly/2nLFxm5
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 3 Spirax-Sarco Engineering Plc:
* Acquisition of Gestra for eur 186 million (£160 million)
* Signed a conditional sale and purchase agreement to acquire Gestra AG and associated businesses from Flowserve Corporation
* Acquisition will be accretive to earnings in 2017 but is expected to have a slightly dilutionary impact on group profit margin in this year
* The purchase consideration will be financed from a combination of existing cash resources and debt facilities
* Completion is subject to certain customary conditions, including regulatory approval by merger control authority in Germany
* These conditions are expected to be satisfied during current quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Local governments are getting the additional powers they asked for to require construction of more rental housing, Municipal Affairs Minister Selina Robinson says.
Legislation presented by the B.C. government Tuesday would give municipal councils authority to require a share of undeveloped land to be reserved for rentals. Redevelopment of rental properties would also be subject to replacement by new rental, but the rental share would be up to the local government.
Robinson said the changes respond to requests from local governments for stronger zoning tools to increase rental stock. Another legislation change requires local governments to collect data on housing types to use for land use planning.
“There is a shortage of rental homes in British Columbia,” Robinson said. “The steps we are taking today will both help local governments track the needs of their communities, and give them a powerful tool to deliver the homes people can afford in the communities where they work, go to school or raise their families.”
more to come…
May 2 Drugmaker Pfizer Inc reported a 2.7 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by higher sales of breast cancer drug Ibrance.
The largest U.S. drugmaker's net profit rose to $3.12 billion, or 51 cents per share, in the first quarter, from $3.04 billion, or 49 cents per share, a year earlier.
Revenue fell 1.7 percent to $12.78 billion. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump's overview of the budget priorities for Fiscal Year 2018 are displayed at the U.S. Government Publishing Office (GPO) on its release by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) in Washington, U.S. on March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
WASHINGTON The U.S. Congress is set to debate legislation that would extend until May 5 the deadline for a deal on federal spending through September and head off a feared government shutdown at midnight on Friday.
The House Rules Committee, in a late-night meeting, voted 8-2 to send the legislation to the full House of Representatives for debate and votes on passage on Friday, just hours before expiry of a deadline for funding many federal agencies.
If the measure passes the House, as expected, the Senate would be prepared to promptly take up the bill, in the hope of also passing it and sending it to President Donald Trump to be signed into law.
The measure would give Republican and Democratic lawmakers an additional week to work out differences on about $1 trillion in funding for the government through Sept. 30, the end of the current fiscal year.
Without the extension or a longer-term funding bill, federal agencies will run out of money by midnight Friday, likely triggering abrupt layoffs of hundreds of thousands of federal government workers until funding resumes.
The last government shutdown, in 2013, lasted for 17 days, and many lawmakers were nervous about the prospect of another.
"I'm confident we will be able to pass a short-term extension" of funding for programs for the fiscal year that began nearly seven months ago, House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters early on Thursday.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi warned that the purpose of the stopgap measure was to tie up loose ends of a deal to provide around $1 trillion in money for the fiscal year ending Sept. 30 and not for "kicking the can down the road to have this same back-and-forth" over funding disputes.
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen expressed optimism in a statement that a final funding package will be completed soon.
In the midst of the delicate negotiations, Trump took to social network Twitter to blast Democrats.
"As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!" Trump tweeted in a series of tweets.
Negotiators were racing against the clock to resolve remaining disputes in the massive spending bill amid talks that have already handed Democrats at least two major victories, despite Republican control of Congress.
Trump, a Republican, gave in to Democratic demands that the spending bill not include money to start building the wall they want to erect on the U.S.-Mexico border. Their administration also agreed to continue funding for a major component of Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act, despite vows to end the program.
It remained unclear whether Republicans would prevail in their effort to sharply hike defense spending without similar increases for other domestic programs. Trump has proposed a $30-billion spending boost for the Pentagon for the rest of this fiscal year.
Such funding disputes could resurface later in spending bills for the next fiscal year.
Disagreements remaining to be ironed out include funding to make a healthcare program for coal miners permanent and to plug a gap in Puerto Rico's Medicaid program, the government health insurance program for the poor.
(Reporting by Richard Cowan and Amanda Becker; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Jonathan Oatis)
LONDON, April 13 British wholesale gas prices rose on Thursday morning as a dip in temperatures pushed up demand. * Day-ahead gas was 0.37 pence higher at 38.85 pence per therm at 0803 GMT. * The within-day contract rose by 0.55 pence to 38.75 p/therm. * "The driver today is much colder temperatures. That is the general picture across most of the Continent next week," a trader said. * Average temperatures in Britain are expected to dip early next week, while France could be 3 degrees lower than normal and Germany up to 4 degrees below normal, forecasts show. * Temperatures over the long Easter weekend will be around 12-15 degrees Celsius by day, nearly half of temperatures experienced last Sunday in southern England, UK's Met Office said. * Colder weather in continental Europe is likely to drive more demand for imports from Britain next week, traders said. * Demand on Thursday is forecast to be 254 million cubic metres (mcm), 21 mcm above the seasonal norm, while flows are forecast at nearly 259 mcm/day, National Grid data shows. * Temperatures over the long Easter weekend will be around 12-15 degrees Celsius by day, nearly half of temperatures last UK's Met Office said. * Thomson Reuters gas analyst Dean Hunt said the unavailability of Rough gas storage site for injection until the end of next April means that contract holders might be more inclined to withdraw and monetise the gas they have in store. * "The market can ill-afford this however, particularly with the interconnector exporting almost as much as possible, so if this happens the potential is there for lower prices," Hunt said. * Currently, there is around 375 mcm of gas in Rough, around one tenth of its capacity and enough to meet around one and a half day's demand. * In the Dutch gas market, day-ahead gas price at the TTF hub was up 0.05 euro at 15.70 euros per megawatt hour. * Benchmark Dec-17 EU carbon contract inched up by 0.03 euro to 4.90 euros per tonne. * Thomson Reuters analyst view: here (Reporting by Nina Chestney)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds industry context)
By Lauren Hirsch
April 4 JAB Holdings, the owner of Caribou Coffee and Peet's Coffee & Tea, is in advanced talks to acquire bakery chain Panera Bread Co as it expands its coffee and breakfast empire, a source familiar with the situation said on Tuesday.
JAB, which also owns coffee k-cup maker Keurig Green Mountain, could help Panera expand its breakfast business as it competes for the only growing meal in the fast-food industry.
The source requested anonymity because the talks are confidential. Luxembourg-based JAB, the investment vehicle of Germany's billionaire Reimann family, declined to comment. Panera also declined to comment.
St. Louis-based Panera, whose fresh offerings appeal to health-conscious consumers, has reported better-than-expected earnings per share for the last six quarters. Its stock has risen nearly 28 percent this year through last Friday, ahead of media reports on the talks.
Panera, which has 2,000 bakery cafes throughout the United States, has worked to remove artificial colors and preservatives from its menu. It has also faced increased competition for breakfast customers, as more restaurant chains cater to diners willing to pay for a cheap, fast breakfast but not a lunch or dinner.
In addition to breakfast stalwarts Starbucks Corp and Dunkin Brands Group Inc, fast-food restaurant have jumped onto the breakfast bandwagon. McDonald's Corp in 2015 added an all-day breakfast menu, and Yum! Brands Inc's Taco Bell last year added a $1 breakfast menu.
JAB has been building its breakfast and coffee empire for years. It became the largest pure-play by volume in 2015, when its created Jacobs Douwe Egberts in Europe, a joint venture that combined its D.E. Master Blenders 1753 business with the coffee business of U.S.-based Mondelez International Inc.
Since then, it has acquired other breakfast and coffee companies, including Krispy Kreme Doughnuts for roughly $1.35 billion and Green Mountain for $13.9 billion.
JAB also controls cosmetics company Coty Inc and luxury goods maker Jimmy Choo.
Restaurant acquisitions have picked up speed in recent months, as the industry faces the challenge of a rising minimum wage. Restaurant Brands International, which owns Burger King and Tim Hortons, in February announced a deal to buy Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen.
Darden Restaurants Inc, whose portfolio includes the Olive Garden and Longhorn Steakhouse chains, said in March it would buy casual dining chain Cheddars Scratch Kitchen.
Bloomberg first reported Panera was in advanced sale talks with JAB. (Reporting by Lauren Hirsch; Editing by Richard Chang and Leslie Adler)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
TORONTO (Reuters) - Jozy Altidore's second half goal helped propel a relentless Toronto FC to a 2-0 victory over the Seattle Sounders on Saturday to claim their first Major League Soccer championship after a gut-wrenching loss in last year's final.
Dec 9, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Toronto FC forward Jozy Altidore (17) controls the ball against Seattle Sounders defender Will Bruin (17) during the second half during the MLS Cup championship game at BMO Field. Mandatory Credit: Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sports
The victory capped a superb season for the Reds, adding the MLS Cup to the Supporters' Shield that goes to the club with the best regular-season record and the Voyageurs Cup as Canadian champions.
Everything they accomplished this season, however, including a regular season points record, mattered little beyond getting back to the final and avenging their loss on penalties to Seattle last year.
“This trophy has been an obsession for the last 364 days not just for me but every single guy on our team, every coach, every member of our staff,” Toronto FC captain Michael Bradley told reporters.
”To get back here, to give ourselves another crack at it has been, honestly there is no other word for it, other than obsession.
“It's hard to describe to people outside what it has been like to live that every day.”
The victory did more than exorcise the demons from a year ago, it also went some way towards restoring the pride of a franchise whose reputation had been one of failure rather than excellence.
Toronto, who played their first season in 2007, did not reach the postseason until 2015 – the longest playoff drought in league history.
Dec 9, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Toronto FC forward Jozy Altidore (17) controls the ball against Seattle Sounders defender Joevin Jones (33) during the second half during the MLS Cup championship game at BMO Field. Mandatory Credit: Tom Szczerbowski-USA TODAY Sports
“It has been a long time, a long journey to get here and heartache along the way as we saw last year but it's been an incredible journey,” said Toronto coach Greg Vanney, who had also lost three previous finals with the Los Angeles Galaxy.
While Toronto had dominated the final from the outset, Seattle goalkeeper Sebastian Frei was in imperious form as the home side peppered them with shots.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Altidore, who scored the only goal in the Eastern Conference final against the Columbus Crew, finally beat Frei when they ran onto a through ball from Sebastian Giovinco, outpaced the defence and coolly slotted a shot past the goalkeeper.
It was the first goal conceded by the Sounders in this year's playoffs.
“It's my job, I‘m a striker it is my job to create and try to score goals,” said Altidore, who was named man of the match. “Night's like this is what it is all about.”
Victor Vazquez then added a second into injury time lighting the fuse on wild celebrations for the capacity crowd of 30,584 who had braved the chilly conditions.
“This team, this year is like nothing I have ever been a part of just in terms of a group guys so single minded,” said Bradley.
“To cap it off tonight the way we did, to play the way we did with everything on the line I‘m so proud.”
April 28 Watts Water Technologies Inc
* Watts water technologies- on april 28 announced, began reporting results of watts industries middle east fze within co's former asia-pacific segment
* Watts water technologies - reporting change does not represent change in co's reportable segments, represents only change to composition of segments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
LONDON, Aug 13 (Reuters) - In the absence of Kyle Walker, Kyle Walker-Peters played right back for Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday -- a sentence that does not contain a misprint.
By one of football's most bizarre coincidences, the 20-year-old Walker-Peters made their Premier League debut in Spurs' 2-0 win at Newcastle United by replacing their near namesake who was sold to Manchester City for 50 million pounds ($65.06 million).
So assured was the new man that for long stretches fans struggled to notice any drop in quality on Spurs' flank and Walker-Peters was named man of the match in a comfortable Tottenham win.
Walker-Peters, a product of the Tottenham academy, got their chance only because Walker's natural replacement Kieran Trippier suffered an ankle injury and chairperson Daniel Levy has yet to spend any money this summer.
Last week manager Mauricio Pochettino said Walker-Peters was not ready and the club were actively seeking a new right back.
"We cannot think that if Kieran is weeks out of the team that Kyle can replace him," said Pochettino after they played Juventus. "I think we are working (to get another right back)."
Walker-Peters featured in all Spurs' pre-season games in the United States and played more than 45 minutes last weekend against Juventus at Wembley Stadium.
With no replacement secured, Pochettino told Walker-Peters on Saturday that they would be in the side. "I found out yesterday in training," the player said on Sunday. "I was a bit nervy but nerves are good.
"I was buzzing to make my Premier League debut, get three points and get man of the match."
Walker-Peters came from the academy that also produced midfielder Harry Winks and was a member of the England under-20 side who won the World Cup in South Korea this year.
They seldom looked out of place against Newcastle, days after Tottenham's injured left back, Danny Rose, caused a storm by saying they would consider a move if an attractive enough offer came in because no-one was paid enough at Spurs.
Although Rose was soon forced into a public apology, their case for a pay rise will hardly have been strengthened by the presence of such obvious young talent coming through the ranks.
If Levy still has not opened their cheque book by next Sunday, and with Trippier unlikely to be fit, an even bigger test awaits Walker-Peters at Wembley next Sunday when Spurs play their first home game against Chelsea.
The signs are they are ready for it. ($1 = 0.7686 pounds) (Editing by Clare Fallon)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
UPDATE 1-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
April 20Haixin Foods Co Ltd :
* Says it will use additional paid-in capital to distribute 7 new shares for every 10 shares to shareholders of record on April 26, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 27 and the dividend will be paid on April 27
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/DMp01E
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Gary Cohn walks through the lobby at Trump Tower in Manhattan, New York City, U.S., December 13, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
WASHINGTON White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said they backed bringing back the Glass-Steagall Act, a Depression-era law that would revamp Wall Street banks by splitting their consumer-lending businesses from their investment arms.
The National Economic Council director, also a former Goldman Sachs (GS.N) president, expressed support to lawmakers for a banking system where firms would focus primarily on trading and underwriting securities or issuing loans.
Big banks have strongly opposed such a move that would fundamentally overhaul their business. Reinstating the law, which was repealed in 1999, has not attracted significant attention in Congress, but advocates in the White House and both parties now argue it would provide critical safeguards to prevent another financial crisis.
Critics of that approach say it lacks nuance and would not have prevented the last financial meltdown.
The fact Cohn, widely viewed as one of Wall Street's own, was willing to push that position spooked big banks' representatives in Washington.
The White House confirmed Cohn's remarks in a private meeting with lawmakers on Wednesday. A spokesperson said they were "simply discussing the President's previously stated position" in favor of a "21st century Glass-Steagall."
Cohn's remarks were first reported by Bloomberg. bloom.bg/2nZK5n1
The Trump administration has indicated support for a return to Glass-Steagall. The White House has stuck by the idea since it was included in the Republican Party platform during the presidential campaign, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin expressed interest in a modernized version of the law.
When asked on Thursday when large financial institutions should begin to worry about Glass-Steagall becoming a reality, one industry representative said, "Right now."
However, any legislation establishing such a firewall faces long odds in the current Congress. The heads of the House and Senate banking committees have indicated support for alternative approaches, and efforts to move Glass-Steagall legislation in prior years have garnered little support.
"A new Glass-Steagall would require legislation, and it simply isn't a priority issue in Congress," wrote Ian Katz, a financial policy analyst for the research firm Capital Alpha Partners, in a note to clients.
In the meeting which was arranged by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo, Cohn was asked by Senator Elizabeth Warren about Glass-Steagall. Cohn responded favorably, noting that the Republican Party platform supports the idea, according to sources familiar with the meeting. The meeting included lawmakers from both parties and their staff.
Bringing back Glass Steagall would likely have a significant impact on banks like JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Bank of America Corp (BAC.N) and Citigroup (C.N) that have large highly intertwined commercial lending and investment banking operations, say analysts.
It would impact Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) to a lesser degree although, they would likely have to revert to being standalone investment banks and shed their deposit funding.
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder, Sarah N. Lynch and Olivia Oran; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrew Hay)
April 5 Highlight Communications AG
* Says increases sales and earnings in fiscal year 2016
* Says consolidated sales rose significantly by 27.6% to chf 441.7 million
* Says EBIT improved by 15.1% to chf 35.8 million
* Says sees consolidated sales of chf 360 to chf 380 million for current fiscal year
* Says sees consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders of chf 18 to chf 20 million
* Says will propose distribution of a dividend of chf 0.20 per entitled share for fiscal year 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
Karen Anne Hope Andrews
Dubai
Roses, chocolates and hearts are the most common symbols associated with Valentine's Day. But, are we shrinking the concept of romance to just one day in a year? Karen Anne Hope Andrews, a clinical psychologist based in Dubai, does not seem to think so.
In their opinion, the day is a good opportunity to express your love, not just for others, but for yourself, too.
They said: “The most important relationship you can ever have is with yourself. I encourage everyone, whether they are in a relationship or not, to treat yourself on this day. Being alone is not necessarily a bad thing, it can be very empowering.”
Even though Valentine's Day is commercialised, a lot of people celebrate by expressing their love for their partner, family members or friends. Those against the concept of the day have stated that a person shouldn't need a designated date to show affection. But, in Andrews opinion, it is a day when those who aren't able to say anything all year round can do so without being embarrassed.
They said: “If there is someone you'd like to share your feelings with, Valentine's Day is a great opportunity. On another day, it might appear odd if you gave a colleague a rose, but on February 14, it is easier to express a romantic interest.”
But, is this putting too much pressure on people to participate in the holiday? According to Andrews, the pressure can be dealt with easily if people in a relationship have a conversation to align themselves. People might think that once they are married, they don't need to fall into the trap of this commercialised holiday. But, it is important to make little compromises to maintain a balance.
Andrews said: “If your partner thinks the day is a big deal and you don't, it could cause problems. The amount of pressure on one depends on the subjective perspective of the individual. My advice to couples would be to have a conversation to understand each others perspective of expression of love.”
At the beginning of a relationship, there are always higher expectations. Some people might express their love through their actions, while others would do it through words. “Romance is important and you should be able to interpret that your partner's gesture is their or their love for you,” they added.
So, if you thought Valentine's Day was all bad, it has It's plus side. In fact, Andrews recommends using the day as an opportunity to talk to your children about love and romantic gestures. And don't forget to tell your family and friends that you love them, too.
During the Star Wars Celebration in Orlando, Disney shared more details on the upcoming Star Wars-themed areas at Disneyland and Walt Disney World.
On revelation was that the Star Wars Lands will be on an entirely new planet.
During a panel, lead Imagineer Scott Trowbridge explained, “We wanted to build new Star Wars stories, new destinations, but this time you can be in them. We want you to discover your own Star Wars story, not just remember somebody else's.”
Lucasfilm Reveal First Look At ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi' Teaser Trailer
The goal is to make a completely immersive Star Wars experience for the park patrons.
Watch the short film below on how Disney Imagineers and Lucasfilm are working together to make the Star Wars universe come to life.
Star Wars Land at both Disneyland and Walt Disney World are scheduled to open in 2019.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find them on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 Suess Microtec AG:
* Publication of the preliminary order intake for the first quarter 2017 and increase of the sales and EBIT expectation for the full fiscal year 2017
* Preliminary order intake for Q1 2017 amounts to approximately 45 million euros ($47.93 million) (previous year: 33.1 million euros), which is at upper end of bandwidth given on March 21, 2017
* Due to increased order intake in Q1 of 2017, company increases its sales and earnings expectations for full fiscal year 2017
* 2017 sales are now expected in a range of 170 million euros - 180 million euros and EBIT in a range of 13 million euros to 17 million euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9388 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 billion a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the co-working space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
A 92-year-old US woman shot their son dead because they planned to put them in a nursing home when they became "difficult to live with", reports said.
Anna Mae Blessing reportedly told their 72-year-old son, "You took my life, so I'm taking yours" moments after they gunned them down at their Arizona home.
Blessing, who has been charged with murder, reportedly told police she'd intended to take their own life, too.
Anna Mae Blessing appeared frail during their court appearance. Photo / Supplied
The elderly woman was in a wheelchair at their initial court appearance on Tuesday where their bail was set at $US500,000 ($680,000) and a lawyer was being appointed to represent them
Advertisement
Arizona police said Blessing's 72-year-old son was found dead on Monday at their home in Fountain Hills, located about 50 kilometres northeast of Phoenix.
The man's name wasn't immediately released.
Blessing had been living with their son and their girlfriend for about six months, according to court records, and the elderly woman had reportedly become worried that the pair were plotting to move them into a home.
They told authorities that they argued with their son on Monday morning over the way they were being treated and was upset with them for stating that they were going to put them in a nursing home.
Blessing told police they got out two guns, which they said they have had since the 1970s — one bought at a gun store and the other obtained from their late husband. They told police they hadn't fired either since the 1970s.
They concealed two pistols in the pockets of their bathrobe before confronting their son in their bedroom and firing multiple shots at them with one handgun, records show.
They reportedly turned the gun on their son's 57-year-old girlfriend but after a struggle the woman was able to wrestle it out of them hands.
They also managed to get the second gun away from the 92-year-old.
The unidentified woman called authorities and Blessing was located on a recliner in the home and taken into custody.
92-year-old mom accused of killing son in Fountain Hills appears before judge WATCH: Anna Mae Blessing, 92, appears before a judge after they allegedly shot and killed their son in Fountain Hills because they refused to be placed into an assisted living facility: bit.ly/2tTPZdx Posted by ABC15 Arizona on Tuesday, 3 July 2018
Blessing told police they had wanted to kill themselves but was out of weapons.
When detectives asked them what they thought should happen to them they replied they "should be put to sleep as a result of them actions".
Sheriff Paul Penzone said police had been called out to at least one other case of domestic violence involving Blessing and their son but could not give further details.
"It is always concerning when domestic issues escalate to violence or tragic outcomes," Penzone told a local TV station. "They are often isolated and neither predictable nor preventable."
(Adds quote from Oakland Mayor Schaaf, background)
By Rory Carroll
SAN FRANCISCO, March 27 National Football League team owners gave the green light on Monday to the Oakland Raiders to move to Las Vegas, paving the way for the building of a $1.9 billion stadium in the U.S. gambling capital.
The plan by Raiders owner Mark Davis, who has been the driving force behind the relocation effort, won the support of 31 of the league's 32 owners, with only the Miami Dolphins' ownership dissenting.
"My father used to say that the greatness of the Raiders was in its future," Davis said, referring to Al Davis, from whom they inherited the team in 2011.
"The opportunity to build a world-class stadium in the entertainment capital of the world will give us the opportunity to achieve that greatness," they told reporters following the vote.
The Raiders will play the 2017, 2018 and possibly 2019 seasons in Oakland before kicking off the 2020 season in Las Vegas, Davis said.
It marks the second time Oakland fans will see the Raiders leave the city where they began play in 1960 in the old American Football League.
The team, known for its black and silver uniforms and working-class appeal, played in Los Angeles from 1982 to 1994 before returning to Oakland. The team won two Super Bowl championships in Oakland in 1977 and 1981 and one in Los Angeles in 1984.
Oakland is also about to lose the Golden State Warriors National Basketball Association team, which is building an arena in neighboring San Francisco
Davis acknowledged some fans in Oakland would be disappointed and even angry at the decision, but said frustration should be directed at them and not the team's coaches or players.
They said their goal in the meantime was to "bring a championship back to Oakland."
MOVE HAD BEEN IN DOUBT
The Las Vegas relocation plan appeared to be all but dead after casino mogul Sheldon Adelson and later Goldman Sachs changed their minds earlier this year about helping to finance the stadium construction.
Adelson had pledged up to $650 million toward construction of the domed stadium but pulled their support in January after the team presented a lease proposal without their knowledge.
The Raiders secured financing to replace Adelson's portion from Bank of America Corp.
An additional $750 million will come from public funds via a visitor's tax on Las Vegas strip hotel rooms.
The Raiders will become the second major professional sports franchise to be based in Las Vegas. The National Hockey League's Vegas Golden Knights begin playing in the 2017-18 season.
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf made an 11th-hour push over the weekend to convince the owners and the NFL to delay the vote so they could promote a plan to keep the team in Oakland. It included a new, $1.3 billion stadium.
The plan would also have set aside land for the Oakland Athletics baseball team, which currently shares the 51-year-old Oakland Coliseum with the Raiders.
"We had a fully financed, shovel-ready project that was a public-private partnership and we are incredibly disappointed that was not selected," Schaaf told a news conference on Monday.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said there were too many unanswered questions surrounding the Oakland stadium plan for it to be viable.
"We understand that contingencies sometimes occur but major contingencies that put the entire project into doubt are just unreasonable," they said at a new conference, citing issues about where the stadium would be located and the fate of the Athletics, who are seeking a new ballpark.
(Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Peter Cooney)
TOKYO, March 29 Toshiba Corp's nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric Co filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the Southern District of New York, a regulatory filing showed on Wednesday, after facing billions in cost overruns and years-long delays at U.S. power projects. (Reporting by Tim Kelly and Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
March 30 Brain Resource Ltd
* Placement and share purchase plan
* announce binding commitments to raise A$1 million through placement of 12.5 million new fully paid ordinary shares at A$0.08 per share
* Capital raising will enable brc to fund its operations with a focus on growing revenues from its mybrainsolutions business Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 13 Bank of America's Merrill Lynch has hired a top Morgan Stanley financial adviser who managed nearly $300 million in assets for clients based mainly in Latin America, the bank said on Thursday.
Based in Aventura, Florida, Leon Friedlander had worked at Morgan Stanley since 2006 where they managed $288 million in client money and generated $3.1 million in revenue for the firm over the past year.
They and Johanna Trujillo, a client associate, joined Merrill Lynch earlier this month because it has a wider selection of fee-based and advisory products, as well as "better choices in terms of lending," Friedlander said in an email.
Bank of America has advisers in six Latin American countries serving primarily high net worth client families and businesses. Advisers who work in the international business follow strategies similar to those used by advisers in Merrill Lynch's high-end Private Banking and Investment Group, or PBIG.
Last month, Don Plaus took over as the head of PBIG and the international business. Plaus was previously Merrill Lynch's southeast division manager, overseeing advisers on the Gulf and east coast and in Puerto Rico. (Reporting by Elizabeth Dilts; Editing by Richard Chang)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Seagate already makes several external storage solutions specifically for the Xbox One line, including 2TB and 4TB HDDs and a 512GB solid state drive. But with Microsoft's new Xbox One Game Pass subscription service now here, and the 4K-enabled Xbox One X on the way, 4TB might not be enough, which is why the company has created the Game Drive Hub - an 8TB storage and multi-purpose USB hub.
The Xbox One Game Pass, which launched earlier this month, gives owners access to more than 100 Xbox One and Xbox 360 titles for $9.99 p.m. Rather than streaming the games like Sony's PlayStation Now service, subscribers can download them, meaning extra storage space could quickly become a necessity.
Seagate says the 8TB plug and play drive has been designed and tested alongside Microsoft's Xbox team. It works with the Xbox One, Xbox One S, and Xbox One X, and can easily hold over 200 games. It also features two front-facing USB 3.0 ports for charging wireless controllers and mobile devices, or attaching extra accessories.
While the drive does work with the Xbox One X, which is set for release this November, its white and black design closely matches the Xbox One S. Aesthetics aside, the upcoming console's numerous 4K titles and its 1TB hard drive could result in the Game Drive Hub becoming a sought-after product among owners.
One caveat (other than being quite pricey) is that unlike Seagate's smaller capacity drives, you don't get any free Game Pass time with the 8TB version.
The Seagate Game Drive Hub will be available this month at select Seagate resellers for $199.99.
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Scrooge is transported to Kelowna in New Vintage Theatre's new holiday play, opening Wednesday
Head to the Rotary Centre For The Arts this week for a classic Christmas play with a promised Kelowna twist.
New Vintage Theatre's new holiday play brings the holiday's infamous Scrooge to the streets of Kelowna.
Adapted for the stage by Artistic Director Bonnie Gratz, A Kelowna Christmas Carol incorporates the beloved elements of Dickens's original story; Scrooge, the Cratchits and an adorable Tiny Tim, and places them in Kelowna at a pivotal period of the city's history.
“Our play looks at the character of Scrooge in a very unique way. I have incorporated stories of Kelowna historical figures such as one of the city's first doctors Dr. Benjamin Boyce and their wife, Mary; Countess Bubna, the exotic first owner of The Eldorado, then called The Eldorado Arms Hotel; Frank and Nell DeHart and Mar Jok. Arthur Knox, the land magnet that owned almost all of Kelowna from Water Street to The Mission, plays an important role, too,” said Gratz.
Another surprising element of this production will be the community members that are set to take part in the play as hosts.
Those hotsts include: Dom Rampone, Mayor Colin Basran, Councillor Maxine DeHart, Marianna DeHart and Linda Digby of Kelowna Museums, who assisted New Vintage in the research stage of play development.
Gratz said the play has already received a huge response from the community and there are just a few tickets remaining for evening and matinee shows.
Tickets are available from www.rotarycentreforthearts.com or The Rotary Centre For The Arts Box Office.
A Kelowna Christmas Carol by Bonnie Gratz runs Dec.13-21 at The Rotary Centre For The Arts.
Public shows are at 7 p.m. on Dec.14, 15, 16 and 21 with a matinee on Dec.17 at 2 p.m.
For more about New Vintage, check out their website at www.newvintage.ca.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@carmenweld
carmen.weld@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Graham Daley and Vince Walzak in A Kelowna Christmas Carol. Photo Credit: Alison Beaumont
March 31 SCANDINAVIAN TOBACCO GROUP A/S
* REG-SCANDINAVIAN TOBACCO GROUP A/S: SKANDINAVISK HOLDING A/S AND SKANDINAVISK HOLDING II A/S SIGN MERGER PLAN
* SKANDINAVISK HOLDING A/S AND SKANDINAVISK HOLDING II A/S HAVE TODAY SIGNED A PLAN TO MERGE TWO COMPANIES
* SKANDINAVISK HOLDING A/S WILL BE CONTINUING ENTITY IN MERGER.
* MERGER IS EXPECTED TO BE COMPLETED BEFORE 30 JUNE 2017. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Swiss drugmaker Novartis AG is seen at its headquarters in Basel, Switzerland, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Novartis AG's Rydapt as an initial treatment for acute myeloid leukemia (AML) as well as certain other blood disorders, the agency said on Friday.
AML is a cancer that originates in the bone marrow and progresses rapidly, resulting in an abnormal increase in white blood cells.
Rydapt is approved to be used along with chemotherapy to treat adults newly diagnosed with AML and carrying a specific genetic mutation called FLT3, the FDA said. It is to be used along with a companion diagnostic designed to detect the mutation.
Data has shown that using Rydapt as part of the treatment regimen for FLT3-mutated AML patients resulted in a 23 percent reduction in the risk of death, Novartis said.
Rydapt will be available from Monday, with the price depending on the indication and the dose, said Julie Masow, a spokesperson for the Swiss drugmaker.
The U.S. list price for AML patients is $7,495 for a 14-day treatment duration and $14,990 for a 28-day duration, Masow said.
In a late-stage trial on AML patients, the median duration of therapy (50 mg administered twice a day) was 42 days, implying a list price of $22,485, Masow added.
About 21,380 new cases of AML will be diagnosed in 2017 and some 10,590 patients will succumb to the disease this year, according to estimates by the American Cancer Society.
Rydapt was also approved to treat adults with certain rare blood disorders, including aggressive systemic mastocytosis (ASM) and mast cell leukemia, the FDA said.
The U.S. list price for ASM patients is $32,121 for a 30-day treatment duration. The median duration of therapy (100 mg administered twice a day) in clinical trials was 11.4 months, Masow said.
The list price of a drug is not necessarily what patients actually pay. Their 'out-of-pocket' cost is based on their individual healthcare insurance plans and duration of treatment.
(Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
April 20 Contravir Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Contravir Pharmaceuticals - Announced new data demonstrating clinical antiviral activity and safety, pharmacokinetic data of tenofovir exalidex
* Contravir Pharma - Data demonstrated TXL, at all doses tested, resulted in lower systemic circulating levels of tenofovir in blood compared to viread
* Contravir Pharma - There were no serious adverse events (AES) or discontinuations; other safety parameters showed no patterns or relationship to TXL dose Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DUBAI, April 9 Egyptian stocks fell on Sunday, hurt by bomb blasts in the country, while most other Middle East stock markets also ended lower than geopolitical tensions weighed on investor sentiment.
Some of the Middle East markets started the day in positive territory as higher oil prices briefly offset concerns about a U.S. missile strike on a Syrian air base, but lost momentum as the day progressed.
The Egyptian index closed 1.55 percent lower with Commercial International Bank Egypt down 1.5 percent and Egyptian Iron and Steel losing 4.4 percent.
"This was an immediate (market) reaction to the terrorist attack," Ahmed Abu Taleb, head of sales at Pharos Securities in Cairo, said.
At least 36 people were killed and more than 100 injured in bomb attacks on two Coptic churches on Palm Sunday in Alexandria and the Nile Delta city of Tanta, in the latest assault on a religious minority increasingly targeted by Islamist militants.
Abu Taleb said the Egyptian stock index has traded between 12,800 and 13,400 points for the past three months, but they added prospects for the market are brighter due to a stable currency, increasing flow of tourists and inflation that is expected to peak.
"At the macro level things are looking okay, slightly improving," they said.
Egyptian stocks are still up nearly 4.5 percent this year as confidence has returned to the market after the country let the currency float freely last year. In 2016, Egyptian stocks surged 76 percent.
In other markets, Abu Dhabi's index fell 0.5 percent with consumer cyclicals and financials leading among losers. In neighbouring Dubai, the benchmark index dipped 0.3 percent.
In Saudi Arabia, the main index was 0.2 percent lower with financials and consumer cyclicals trending lower.
In neighbouring Bahrain, the stock index rose 1.6 percent, helped by gains in financial stocks such as Ahli United Bank BSC, which added 4.86 percent.
"Markets are looking at more fundamental triggers such as forthcoming earnings, rather than politics, as the Syrian conflict has been going on for a while and is unlikely to end soon and markets have already absorbed this risk," said Nishit Lakhotia, head of research at Manama-based Securities & Investment Company B.S.C.
SUNDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index fell 0.24 percent to 7,058.58 points.
DUBAI
* The index fell 0.32 percent to 3,554.96 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index dropped 0.52 percent to 4,591.41 points.
QATAR
* The index gained 0.52 percent to 10,509 points.
KUWAIT
* The index fell 0.2 percent to 7,015.30 points.
EGYPT
* The index fell 1.55 percent to 12,895 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index rose 1.58 percent to 1,374.7 points. ($1 = 3.7502 riyals) ($1 = 18.0300 Egyptian pounds)
(Reporting by Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold; editing by Susan Thomas)
NEWBERRY, S.C. (AP) — South Korean-based appliance manufacturer Samsung announced the expansion of its production footprint in South Carolina on Monday, making progress on a plan to create nearly 1,000 jobs in the state by 2020.
The company officially launched a new line of top-loading washing machines at its facility in Newberry. That's in addition to a line of front-loading washing machines that the South Korean electronics company began making at the plant earlier this year.
The expansion comes less than a year after Samsung's June announcement that it would invest $380 million in South Carolina to manufacture home appliances, creating an estimated 950 jobs by 2020. So far, company officials say that they've hired about 650 employees who are now working on the two washing machine lines at a 450,000-square-foot plant.
Samsung took over property that had belonged to Caterpillar, which announced in April 2016 that it was closing its electric generator packaging facility. The closure left more 300 people out of work, but Samsung said that about 10 percent of the 650 full-time employees currently working at the Newberry plant are former Caterpillar employees.
Advertisement
Samsung has also hired some of the 6,000 workers left jobless following the scuttling of a reactor construction project at the V.C. Summer Nuclear Station in Jenkinsville, about 21 miles (34 km) away.
Some retrofitting was needed to get Caterpillar's existing buildings in line with Samsung's designs, but Samsung plant manager Tony Fraley said that not having to start from scratch enabled Samsung to get two lines up and running in under a year. Much of the plant's production is focused on robotics, with robots ferrying specially designed trays of parts around the green- and orange-colored plant, and other robots retrieving the pieces and putting them together.
The process can be slower than at other manufacturing facilities, Fraley said, but more mechanization means higher productivity and also fewer scratches that can come along with human handling.
"Everything has automation built into it," Fraley told The Associated Press during a recent tour of the manufacturing plant and new production line.
About 100 Samsung employees from South Korea are currently on-site helping get the new facility up and running, even able to write computer codes on the spot to help the plant run more smoothly. Eventually, Fraley said they will return to the company's headquarters, after training South Carolina employees on all of the technology needed to run the facility's high-tech machines.
"If something goes awry, they show us how to fix it," Fraley said. "They show us how to troubleshoot it."
By this summer, Fraley said they expected the plant to be running at full capacity. Last year, Samsung announced a collaboration with the University of South Carolina and Clemson University in an effort to make the plant a center for customer service and research and development.
Without giving specifics, Samsung Electronics North America's President and CEO Tim Baxter told AP that the company hopes to add more production lines in the future, as well as establish a supply chain in the state so that Samsung doesn't have to import as many supplies.
"Clearly the plan is to build an eco-system," Baxter said in a recent interview. "Obviously that doesn't happen overnight."
____
Follow Meg Kinnard on Twitter and see more of their work on apnews.com.
March 30 Navigant Consulting Inc:
* Navigant Consulting Inc - on March 28, 2017, co entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of bank lenders - SEC filing
* Credit facility provided under agreement is a five-year, $400 million revolving credit facility
* Navigant Consulting Inc- subject to terms in agreement, co may elect to increase commitments under credit facility up to aggregate amount of $500 million
* Credit facility matures on March 28, 2022
* Navigant Consulting-credit facility under agreement is amended, restates credit facility provided under credit agreement, dated as of May 27,2011 Source text: (bit.ly/2mSnnja) Further company coverage:
The Fringe in 2016 saw most of Scotland lamenting yet another Conservative majority at Westminster, celebrating the SNP's near whitewash of Scottish seats at the general election, and awaiting the formality of Hillary Clinton becoming the next President of the United States. Twelve months later, and Edinburgh's festivals are back in action in a world where nobody really knows what is going to come next. It has all gone just a bit balmy.
Fortunately for comedy lovers, this balminess is exactly the kind of thing that gives NewsRevue its material and allows it to thrive. The Guinness world record holder for the longest running comedy sketch show, NewsRevue defies its heritage by never feeling dated or predictable. Much as modern politics keeps you on your toes, you never know what is quite going to happen next when you see the Canal Café Theatre Company indulge themselves at the Fringe.
Experience shows in comedy. With the possible exception of a sketch about the new £1 coin (scraping the bottom of the gag barrel with that one), the talented performers never stop making you laugh with their perfect exercises in satire and some genius musical numbers. Theresa May, Jeremy Corbyn, Donald Trump, Kim-Jong Un – they all make appearances as the audience is treated to a non-stop hour of political decadence. Events from even the last few days preceding the show appear. Expect the script to change drastically if anything big erupts this autumn.
The show also avoids the trap of making a mockery of the right wing and the right wing alone. Labour, the Liberal Democrats and even the humble Green Party get a thorough lashing by NewsRevue. UKIP do not even appear once – in the same way that they never really appeared once on ballot papers last June, come to think of it. In a political environment which seems increasingly characterised by ‘hard left' or ‘hard right,' perhaps satire and mockery are the new centre ground in politics.
Highlights have to include Boris Johnson singing about how they are a model foreign secretary, and an Irish dancing number from the DUP. Trump only gets one sketch of their own, instead opting to invade other characters' moments without permission or courtesy. There is also a wonderfully vivid, almost dreamlike representation of Theresa May's idea of fun…
NewsRevue are not afraid to test the murky waters that form the Scottish sense of humour, particularly with their voice over one-liners. These little asides plug the gap between some of the scenes, and border on the just plain offensive. The fact that they still make you laugh means that many people will go to bed that night sobbing at what horrible human beings they are. Between the fits of laughter that still take hold long after the show is over, of course.
The show is incredibly slick, with minimalist stage dressing and costume ensuring that a very fast pace is maintained throughout. Although the costume is basic, it is very easy to identify who everyone is. Everyone, that is, except Jeremy Corbyn, who perhaps could have done with a grey wig just to clearly mark them out. Without it, they look like your typical left-leaning office accountant. Corbyn is coming to the Fringe, so maybe they could pop in and give some styling tips.
NewsRevue make the last year seem a lot more pleasurable and pleasant than it would otherwise seem. To turn what many would view as desperate times into comedy gold is a talent honed over many years and many performances. For 38 years they have graced Edinburgh with their presence. It would be hard to imagine a Fringe without them.
NewsRevue 2017
Pleasance Courtyard
Until 28th August (not the 15th)
Buy tickets here
Image: Alex Brenner
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
April 12 Mega Study Edu Co Ltd :
* Says it will buy 3.0 million shares of Ibkimyoung, an internet education firm, for 1.73 billion won
* Says it will hold 68.1 percent stake in target company after transaction
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/VGeqLl
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany has granted asylum to four Turkish soldiers, including one Ankara accuses of playing a leading role in the failed military coup of July 2016, in a new setback for relations between the two countries, weekly magazine Der Spiegel reported.
By granting them asylum, German authorities make it impossible for them to be extradited to face charges, a refusal likely to dismay Turkish authorities, who accuse them of treachery and membership in a terrorist organisation.
Turkey accuses Ilham P., a former Turkish colonel whose surname cannot be published in full because of German privacy practices, then head of the Ankara military academy, of being ring-leader of the group.
Germany's Interior Ministry said it could not comment on individual cases for data and personal protection reasons.
Relations between European countries and Turkey have become increasingly strained following President Tayyip Erdoğan's large-scale crackdown on suspected supporters of the coup. Some European politicians and human rights groups say the crackdown shows Turkey is sliding into authoritarian rule.
Turkish authorities have jailed more than 50,000 people and sacked or suspended more than 150,000 since the coup, which Ankara blames on supporters of a Muslim cleric living in self-imposed exile in the United States.
The government says such measures are necessary given the multiple security threats it faces. The cleric, Fethullah Gulen, denies involvement in the coup, in which 250 people were killed.
Dozens of German nationals have been detained in Turkey over the past two years, some of them for alleged links to the coup plotters.
Earlier on Friday, a Greek court ruled that a man accused of being behind a series of suicide bombings in Turkey could not be extradited because their life would be in danger back at home.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A trial begins this week for three members of a militia group accused of conspiring to bomb a mosque and apartment complex housing Somalis in the Kansas town of Garden City.
Patrick Stein, Gavin Wright and Curtis Allen are charged with conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy against civil rights. Stein also faces a weapons-related charge and Wright has an additional charge of lying to the FBI.
The three men, who were indicted in October 2016, have pleaded not guilty.
Their federal trial in Wichita is expected to last six weeks, with jury selection beginning Tuesday before U.S. District Judge Eric Melgren.
Advertisement
The government said in court filings that a militia member tipped off federal authorities after becoming alarmed by the heightening talk of violence, and later agreed to wear a wire as a paid informant. The government's case features months of investigation captured on profanity-laced recordings that referred to the Somalis as "cockroaches."
Earlier in the case, a judge denied a defense motion to expand the prospective jury pool to encompass more rural western Kansas counties where the defense believed residents would be more conservative.
Defense attorneys argued the case is "uniquely political" because much of the anticipated evidence is in reaction to the 2016 presidential election. They contended the case will require jurors to weigh evidence regarding whether the alleged conduct constitutes the crimes charged, or whether it is constitutionally protected speech and assembly and implicates the right to bear arms.
To regards to discussing skincare on my blog, I either never mention it or post a gigantic haul – today is a gigantic haul kind of day! Due to my birthday happening recently – birthday haul blog post coming soon! – and picking up my quarterly Mecca Beauty Loop Box, I've accumulated a bunch of new skincare items! I need to thank one of my best friends in particular because they inspired this entire post with their ridiculously generous birthday gift of enough face masks to last me the foreseeable future. I have been dying to try some out but had no idea where to start, but they definitely came through for me! Here's everything I've collected over the last few weeks, so I hope you enjoy this post and if you do, please give it a “like” so I know!
Face Masks
Green Tea Nose Pack – “Formulated with green tea additives to remove oil and pore deep sebum.” Sign me the heck up.
Choosy Peach – There's no English on the packet besides the words “Vitamin-E, Collagen and Hyaluronic acid”, but it's a mask for your lips! They have something for everything. Multi-masking is a thing and I'll probably pair this one up with the previous mask!
Master Lab Intensive Hydrating Hyaluronic Acid Sheet Mask – A mouthful, but this mask is all about hydration and since I'm on Roaccutane in this ridiculous Australian summer heat, this mask is at the top of my pile to use! I also love the packaging of this one.
Medical White Hydrating Charcoal-Mineral Mask – It's a mask, but it's also a charcoal mask so therefore I am very excited to try this!
Pure Smile Peach Essence Mask – This is so cute! It's all peachy and is a sheet mask. I think this might be one of the first I end up trying!
Animal Otter Aqua Mask – YES. It's an otter mask. I almost died when I pulled it out of the bag. This looks wild as it's a picture of an otter on your face. I cannot wait to try this, oh my goodness.
Medical Dress Code Black Mask Dress – This, again, looks wild! There's not a lot of Englishes written on the packet so I can't tell what it's main benefit is but I'll report back.
Face Peeling Gel – Okay first off, the packaging on this is so damn gorgeous. I can't tell what this is going to promise but I cannot wait to peel something off my face. Plus it smells like roses!
(Absolutely no idea what the true name of this product is) – Five words my friend, charcoal peel off face mask! I'm dying to try this, I'm worried it might hurt but I've been told it's not tear inducing so I think I'll be okay. I definitely recommend, with any new skincare item you try, to test a bit on your hand or on the side of your face a day before using it in case you skin doesn't react well! I think I'm most excited to try this mask!
Josie Maran Whipped Mud Mask – I received this tiny little sample in my Mecca Beauty Loop box and I'm pretty keen to try it! It's described as an “argan hydrating and detoxifying treatment”.
Cleansers
Mecca Cosmetica Clean Slate Foaming Cleanser – Mecca has a really wonderful rewards system and one of those systems is getting a free gift around the time of your birthday! I popped in store after getting an email saying my gift was ready and I was over the moon to see I received this cleanser/makeup remover from Mecca! It's a huge bottle, it smells divine, it makes my skin so soft and completely breaks down my makeup while feeling super gentle. Plus, the packaging is so chic! Nicely done, Mecca.
Bathtime
LUSH Cosmetics “The Comforter” Shower Cream – This is described as “a cuddle in a bottle” and that description alone makes me weak. This smells very sweet, but it might be a different story when I actually use it. The cream itself looks amazing though, it's all pink and shimmery!
LUSH Cosmetics “Over and Over” Bath Bomb – I absolutely love bath bombs so I'm so happy I received one from the same gorgeous girl who gave me a million face masks. I cannot wait to throw this in the bath and see it work its magic.
So that's every skincare item I have received recently! I really hope you enjoyed this skincare haul and if you did, please give it a “like” so I know!
What skincare items do you love? Have you tried any face masks, specifically peel off ones, recently? Leave me a comment below, I'd love to hear your thoughts!
All the love
INSTAGRAM | PINTEREST | BLOGLOVIN'
Bombardier profit, sales fall on gap in train contracts
Aug 9 Canadas Bombardier Inc reported a 14 percent fall in second-quarter profit on lower revenue in its train division as it completed some contracts in Asia-Pacific and Europe, and major orders were still in the startup phase.
April 10 Care Capital Properties Inc:
* Care Capital Properties to acquire portfolio of six behavioral health hospitals for $400 million
* Care Capital Properties Inc - transaction to be immediately accretive
* Care Capital Properties Inc- transaction to be immediately accretive
* Care Capital Properties Inc - ccp expects to fund approximately $380 million at closing and will have an option, exercisable beginning in q4 of 2018
* Care Capital Properties Inc - will lease properties to affiliates of signature on a ten-year triple-net basis, with five renewals of five years each
* Care Capital Properties Inc - company has agreed to provide up to $50 million for capital improvement projects in portfolio over next several years
* Care Capital Properties Inc - ccp expects to purchase one additional building for an amount that is expected to be approximately $20 million
* Care Capital Properties Inc - initial gaap yield on transaction to acquire health hospitals is expected to be approximately 8.7 pct
* Care Capital Properties - transaction will be funded through cash on hand, disposition proceeds and borrowings under company's revolving credit facility
* Care Capital Properties Inc - based on capitalization, full year gaap accretion is projected to be approximately 13 cents Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRASILIA, April 13 Brazilians state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA said on Thursday it produced 2.74 million barrels of oil equivalent per day in March.
The company said production was impacted by stoppages due to maintenance on FPSO Cidade de Angra dos Reis in the Lula field and on P-37 in the Marlim field. (Reporting by Stephen Eisenhammer; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Fitch: Growth and Profitability under Pressure for U.S. Captive Finance Cos.
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) Link to Fitch Ratings' Report: U.S. Captive Finance Companies: 2016 Review (Leverage Remains Elevated as Asset Quality Weakens) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/899435 NEW YORK, June 14 (Fitch) Captive finance companies are likely to face continued pressure on profitability due to rising credit losses, declining residual values and higher funding costs, according to a review of U.S. Captive Finance Companies from Fitch Ratings. In a
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un watched the ground jet test of a Korean-style high-thrust engine newly developed by the Academy of the National Defence Science in this undated picture provided by KCNA in Pyongyang on March 19, 2017. KCNA/via Reuters
As U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned Washington's “strategic patience” with North Korea has ended and “all options are on the table” to slow its nuclear ambitions, U.S. and South Korean forces were preparing for a range of military scenarios.
As many as 300,000 mainly South Korean and U.S. personnel are involved in military drills that will run until the end of April. These exercises have been a feature of life on the peninsula since the Korean War ended in a 1953. In recent years, they have become larger and more realistic.
Every U.S. president since at least Bill Clinton has confronted North Korea's weapons program and been offered a range of potential military action to tackle them.
So far, none has been willing to strike – primarily because all the options are bad, particularly given the risk of North Korean retaliation that could turn the peninsula, and perhaps the wider region, into a bloodbath. At worst, violence on the peninsula could even drag the United States into war with China, just as it did in the original Korean War.
As Pyongyang moves forward with warhead and missile testing, however, many experts believe the likelihood of Washington finally taking such steps is gradually increasing.
President Donald Trump says will they will not allow Pyongyang to develop the ability to strike the United States with nuclear force. If they order a limited strike on its facilities, however, North Korea's nuclear progress may only slow temporarily – and such an operation could spark brutal North Korean retaliation. A broader effort to bring down the entire regime would be an enormous undertaking.
Small wonder, then, that the United States has preferred to stick with alternative techniques such as economic sanctions and cyberattacks to interfere with missile tests. The recent deployment of THAAD antiballistic missile batteries to South Korea and Japan should offer some protection, although no one knows how effective they would be against North Korean missiles.
If Washington did choose to go further, the most likely action would be sudden, hopefully overwhelming bombing raids on suspected North Korean missile and weapons facilities.
While such action would be unlikely to destroy the program out right, it would slow development. At best, it would prevent Pyongyang from perfecting some of its more ambitious weapons programs, such as mounting ballistic missiles in diesel electric submarines.
The largest acknowledged conventional bomb in the U.S. Air Force arsenal – the 30,000 pounds GBU-57 “Massive Ordinance Penetrator” – was designed with just this sort of target in mind. Built by the George W. Bush administration primarily to destroy Iranian nuclear facilities, it could be dropped from B2 stealth bombers flying from either regional bases or the continental United States. Unlike more conventional jets, the B2s should be able to penetrate North Korean airspace largely undetected, perhaps joined by some of the more modern F-22 Raptors and perhaps even the newly operational F-35 Joint Strike Fighters now deployed in the region.
The reason such strikes have not been launched so far is the same reason they were never launched against Iran's nuclear program. Many experts believe they would leave many facilities intact – and the potential retaliation might be devastating.
With Iran, Washington feared that Tehran would retaliate against Gulf oil and gas facilities and shipping, with potentially disastrous consequences for an already fragile global economy. With North Korea, the worry is that Pyongyang might launch missile strikes against Japan and regional U.S. bases such as Guam and a devastating artillery barrage into South Korea.
Analysts disagree over just how effective that barrage would be – some suggest North Korean artillery could land up to 500,000 shells in the South Korean capital within the first hour, others are more skeptical.
There is also the fear that if the North believed its rockets and warheads were under threat, it might fire them – with Japan the most likely target.
Either action would probably spell the end for the North Korean regime, prompting Washington and Seoul to put into action already existing plans to overrun the North.
Over the last few years, U.S. and South Korean forces have shifted their focus from training to stop a North Korean offensive to having plans in place for a comprehensive invasion across the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ).
That would be a major undertaking, one that would dwarf any war America – or any other country – has fought in recent history. Attacking troops would face mountainous terrain, concerted opposition and potential chemical, nuclear and radiological threats.
There are some signs the United States might try to halt escalation by simply decapitating the regime. According to South Korean news agency Yonhap, this month's exercises included U.S. Navy SEAL Team Six, the unit that conducted the 2011 raid that killed Osama bin Laden. They were working with South Korean counterparts to simulate a strike on the North Korean leadership, according to a South Korean military official quoted by the news agency.
Such an option would be extremely hard to put into practice. North Korea's air defenses make sending troops by helicopter difficult, while Kim is believed to be heavily guarded.
For now, Kim appears to think they can keep ramping up their nuclear program unchallenged. Washington, though, may not be willing to watch from the sidelines.
Trump is one of the most unpredictable presidents to ever hold that office. If any U.S. leader is going to take a risk with military options in North Korea, they very well might be the one.
It's an unenviable choice. Action could provoke disaster. But failure to do anything might be blamed for a future conflict that could be even worse.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
I've made some pretty bold claims in my time but I've never once claimed to know the future. Not until today, that is. Move over Herald horoscopes, I've got this one.
The future begins every day around a table at 10.30am in a small office not far from Christchurch's Hagley Park. A team of people are going through a list of crimes and figuring out what to do. The day I'm there, they have 24 family harm incidents before them, ranging from the minor (an argument between a couple), to the serious (a physical assault with visible injuries, including strangulation).
This team isn't fighting unsolved crime, but rather crime that might be committed in the future.
The idea came from police, who were regularly going to family violence calls and seeing the same offenders and the same victims. Arrest, lock 'em up, release, then repeat.
Advertisement
Crimes were being solved, but they weren't solving the crime problem. The causes of the offending, and therefore the problems, usually continued unaffected. Maybe the violence would occur in a different relationship, maybe in the same one, but it would invariably reoccur. Compounding the issue, the kids of those families often grow into the next generation of offenders.
Furthermore, some cases may not have led to arrests or charges, but showed signs of problems that were likely to escalate. Police could see crime coming in the future, but could do little other than offer a bit of doorstep advice.
In other words, crime is a complex phenomenon and yet we were tackling it in less than sophisticated ways. That high prison population we keep hearing about? In part that's because our thinking on crime has been woefully inadequate.
The police were using all the tools they had, but they needed more and that meant a multi-agency approach. Hence Integrated Safety Response (ISR) was formed, and is being piloted in Christchurch and Hamilton.
Around the table every morning in Christchurch are: an ISR co-ordinator, police, Oranga Tamariki, Corrections, two representatives from the CHB for general health and mental health, and a representative for all of the other relevant agencies and the non-governmental organisations, which are numerous.
In all there are about 48 agencies including the likes of ACC, the City Mission, Stopping Violence Services, They Waka Tapu and even, I kid you not, the SPCA (people cruel to animals will often be cruel to people or vice versa).
The ISR ensures work is done with the victim, the offender, and with peripheral issues, which are largely to do with the impacts of the environment on children.
For example, if there are drug or alcohol issues, Health will hook people up with addiction services or psychologists if there are mental health issues.
Many of the NGOs run stopping violence programmes and the Ministry of Education will follow up if a child is found not to be in school. The interventions are numerous and customised for individual circumstances.
One of the keys to this, as is probably evident, is information sharing. In part that means there is no wasteful duplication of services and that providers are complementing one another. The privacy issues at play have been well canvassed, and taken seriously. The higher the risk the more information that can be shared. Often it just means telling different agencies that there is an issue without giving any details. Schools, for example, might be notified so guidance counsellors can keep an eye out for behaviour that may indicate a resumption of problems at home.
A recent evaluation found that of all the incidents put before the ISR, 78 per cent receive some intervention (many multiple interventions) and 62 per cent have not returned to the ISR, meaning no further offending.
In the two years the pilot has been running in Christchurch, there has been one murder related to family violence and that was just as the ISR was beginning and neither the victim nor the offender had come to ISR attention. The usual number of domestic homicides is three to five per year.
Are these data encouraging? Yes they are. Definitive? Nope, not yet. More time is needed to really assess the impacts on offending and reoffending. There are likely some adjustments that need to be made, and a few incremental improvements, but overall, a multi-agency approach that addresses the drivers of crime is our best shot at making significant improvements. That conclusion is not just intuitive; it's supported by best practice research.
For years we have looked at crime as an issue for police and the justice system only. That thinking is now the past. A sophisticated approach that has an eye on prevention is the future of criminal justice.
And we didn't need a crystal ball to predict it; we just needed some rationality and reason. The same things, as it happens, that make for sound crime and justice policy.
• Dr Jarrod Gilbert is a sociologist at the University of Canterbury and the lead researcher at Independent Research Solutions.  They are an award-winning writer who specialises in research with practical applications.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Accelerating service response times and improving asset performance in the field
WINNIPEG, MB and MILPITAS, CA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Librestream Technologies Inc., the leader in virtual presence systems for enterprise, and RealWear, makers of the HMT-1, the first voice-driven, completely hands-free, head-mounted tablet for connected industrial workers, have launched an integrated demonstration of hands-free video collaboration using Onsight on the HMT-1.
The companies initially worked together to demonstrate Onsight and the HMT-1 at the RealWear Summit 2017. Since then, the companies expanded the integrated demonstration to launch at the Field Service USA 2017 conference and continue on a tour of field service, aerospace, and manufacturing conferences including:
At these events, conference attendees will have an opportunity to experience hands-free video collaboration using only voice commands. Highlights of the experience include:
Live video, even in ultra-low bandwidth environments
Voice command and remote expert controls for simplicity in the field
Telestration and image sharing to augment visuals
Kerry Thacher, CEO, Librestream shared, 'We are impressed with the overall vision demonstrated in the HMT-1, and in particular the voice command approach and the overall physical design of the device. Our customers are often in rugged environments where safety glasses and hard hats are typical. Because of its unique design, the RealWear HMT-1 is a great fit for the Onsight platform."
"For more than a decade, Librestream has demonstrated a proven ability to share live video and augmented content in rugged environments," said Andy Lowery, CEO, RealWear. "We're excited to offer Onsight features on the HMT-1 as this integration delivers powerful new capabilities to make field service operations safer, faster and smarter."
About RealWear:
RealWear is a Silicon Valley company building the world's first voice-powered, hands-free and fully rugged head-mounted tablet solution for connected industrial workers. Our team of seasoned executives and human factors experts hails from the ultra-rugged smartphone, smart glasses micro display and industrial augmented reality spaces. Together, we are engineering wearable hardware, software, cloud and AI solutions for enterprises in heavy industry. For more information, visit www.realwear.com.
About Librestream Technologies Inc.
Librestream Technologies Inc. is the leader in developing innovative mobile video collaboration solutions for field service, manufacturing, energy and public sector industries. Deployed globally, the Onsight video collaboration platform brings the eyes and ears of experts into the field virtually to immediately resolve issues and assess environments. Visit Librestream at www.librestream.com and connect with us on LinkedIn, Facebook & Twitter.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135964/Images/OnsightandRealWear-19a638a2255682439dd4bcca5e602a71.jpg
Embedded Video Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHG_YQKeZjc&t=2s
Fed presses ahead with details on gradual bond-trimming plan
NEW YORK, June 14 The Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5 trillion in bond holdings, outlining on Wednesday a very gradual plan for trimming securities that came in at the low end of Wall Street estimates.
Blowing and drifting snow Monday morning made plowing Foreside Road through Cumberland toward Yarmouth particularly difficult and slow. The storm left more than a foot of snow in the area, and was expected to be followed by another one Wednesday, with the National Weather Service predicting at least 9 more inches. (Dudley Warner / For The Forecaster)
0
PHUKET, Thailand, April 28 A relative of the Thai baby whose murder was shown on Facebook Live earlier this week said they were too distraught and intent on getting police to the crime scene to worry about getting the horrific videos taken down.
The gruesome incident this week highlights how those most affected by offensive content are usually too distracted to report it to the authorities. It also exposes the challenges that live streaming content poses to both governments monitoring for offensive material on the internet and the companies that host online content.
On Monday, in an abandoned building in the Thai seaside resort of Phuket, 20-year-old Wuttisan Wongtalay turned on Facebook Live from their mobile phone. Then they picked up their 11-month-old daughter in their pink dress, tied a rope around their neck and hanged them A second short video briefly shows their lifeless body. After that, they turned off the camera and killed himself.
For the family of little Natalie Triratana, removing the videos was the last thing on their minds when they first popped up on Wuttisan's Facebook feed at around 4.50 p.m. on Monday.
Them mother's cousin, Suksan Buachanit, said they called Thailand's 191 police hotline to ask for help locating the building. By the time police and relatives found it, it was too late.
"A local reporter told me to report it (to Facebook) but we were all occupied at the scene," Suksan told Reuters in Phuket.
It took more than a day - and 370,000 views - before Facebook removed those few minutes of video.
CLEVELAND SHOOTING
Others that Reuters spoke to in Phuket who had seen the videos, including friends and relatives of the dead girl's parents, said they were too preoccupied by the tragedy to report the incident to Facebook.
For the social media company, with nearly 2 billion users, it was yet another case that exposed the challenges of quickly spotting and removing offensive content. The killing of the baby in Thailand followed the live broadcast shooting of an elderly man in Cleveland, Ohio.
In that incident, it took two hours to remove the video, bringing intense criticism on the social media giant and prompting it to promise "ways that new technologies can help us make sure Facebook is a safe environment".
It was unclear how many viewers alerted Facebook to the killing of the baby. Facebook did not respond to questions.
But by the morning the baby's murder had been reported in local media and was one of the most talked about stories in Thailand. Several local and international journalists told Reuters they had reported the videos to Facebook and asked the company for comment.
The head of Thailand's police's Technology Crime Suppression Division, Supachet Chokchai, said they were alerted to the baby murder videos by police in Phuket but they declined to say when that was. The division monitors online content ranging from anti-monarchy content to fraudulent websites.
It also has a hotline for the public to call in tip-offs about offensive content.
Nor would Supachet say when police then asked the digital ministry to get in touch with Facebook. The ministry said by the time police reported the videos on Tuesday afternoon it had already heard about them from an anonymous tip-off and had told Facebook.
The ministry contacted Facebook through a "direct channel" at noon on Tuesday, according to Somsak Khaosuwan, the ministry's deputy permanent secretary. They did not elaborate on what the direct channel was or say whom the ministry contacted at Facebook.
It was only just after 5.00 p.m. - about five hours later and more than a full day after the videos were first streamed - that Facebook took them down.
ILLEGAL AND HARMFUL CONTENT
A Facebook statement called the incident "appalling" and said there was "absolutely no place for content of this kind" on the network. It did not respond to Reuters questions as to why it took so long to remove the videos.
Thai police said they would review ways to take down online content after the killing.
Police blamed the delay partly on the time difference between the United States, where Facebook is headquartered, and Thailand. They did not explain at exactly which stage the time difference had proved problematic, however.
A spokesperson for the police also said the force was tight on staffing.
Thailand, along with other authoritarian governments in Asia, is more geared up to monitor politically sensitive content online.
Censorship has been ramped up since a 2014 coup and hundreds of websites have been blocked or shut down for content deemed inappropriate or offensive.
Thailand is further tightening controls on internet users.
This week, Thailand's national telecoms regulator ordered all internet service providers to block web content deemed illegal by the courts within a week or face having their licenses revoked.
Thailand is also working on a cybersecurity bill that would allow the state to conduct large-scale surveillance in the name of national security by wiretapping telephones and computers without the need for court approval.
(Additional reporting by Amy Sawitta Lefevre and Panarat Thepgumpanat in BANGKOK; Editing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre, Matthew Tostevin and Bill Tarrant)
MOSCOW May 2 Russia's Reserve Fund increased slightly to $16.34 billion as of May 1 from $16.19 billion a month earlier, finance ministry data showed on Tuesday.
The size of the fund, accumulated over years of high oil prices, dropped sharply in late 2016 because of year-end budget spending, but it has stabilised in the last few months.
Its value also changes due to market fluctuations as its holdings are denominated in different currencies including dollars, euros and pounds sterling.
The fund may grow in size later this year as the finance ministry has started buying foreign currency for the country's fiscal buffers.
The finance ministry also said on Tuesday that the National Wealth Fund, which is designed to help balance the pension system, stood at $73.57 billion as of May 1 versus $73.33 billion as of April 1. (Reporting by Alexander Winning; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
SALEM, Mass. (AP) — A Salem, Massachusetts-based organization called The Satanic Temple is accusing Twitter of discriminating against it on religious grounds.
Satanic Temple founder Lucien Greaves filed a complaint in March with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination, saying Twitter wrongly suspended its accounts after someone tweeted a threat to the organization. The Boston Globe reports Twitter has restored the accounts but without the "verified" status Greaves wants.
An attorney for Greaves says the standards used by Twitter to determine its suspensions and verifications of users is colored by its favoritism toward groups that share the social network's views.
Twitter says an account is verified if it's determined to be of public interest.
Advertisement
The Satanic Temple's building is zoned as an art gallery and is open to the public with art installations, lectures and film screenings.
___
Information from: The Boston Globe, http://www.bostonglobe.com
Euro, Hong Kong dollar, U.S. dollar, Japanese yen, pound and Chinese 100 yuan banknotes are seen in this picture illustration, January 21, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee/Illustration/File Photo
NEW YORK The dollar rose on Thursday, with gains limited ahead of a two-day summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping that could have geopolitical ramifications, and Friday's U.S. jobs report.
"The long-awaited meeting ... could well be a combustible affair, with the future of trade relations between the superpowers at stake," said Dennis de Jong, managing director at online FX broker UFX.com in Limassol, Cyprus.
"The market will be hoping for stable, constructive talks, but knows all too well that Trump is capable of changing the agenda at any moment."
They added that Trump was under huge pressure to deliver on election promises to secure blue-collar jobs lost to China in recent years, "but playing hardball with a country that owns a significant share of U.S. debt comes with its own risks."
North Korea is also a hot-button issue for both the United States and China. The most pressing problem facing Trump and Xi is how to persuade nuclear-armed North Korea to halt unpredictable behavior like missile test launches that have heightened tensions in South Korea and Japan, analysts said.
North Korea is also working to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of hitting the United States.
Federal Reserve minutes released on Wednesday initially pressured the dollar.
"They didn't really alter the view of a slow pace of U.S. interest rate rises this year," said Joe Manimbo, senior market analyst at Western Union Business Solutions in Washington.
Investors are also focused on Friday's U.S. non-farm payrolls report seeing whether the labor market is strong enough to absorb multiple rate hikes this year.
Wall Street economists are forecasting job gains of 180,000 in March, compared with 235,000 in February. [ECONUS]
In late trading, the dollar index was up 0.1 percent at 100.69 .DXY. The greenback also rose 0.1 percent versus the Japanese yen at 110.80 JPY=,
The euro fell 0.2 percent to 1.0646 EUR=, after dropping to a three-week low following European Central Bank President Mario Draghi's comments saying they saw no need, for now, to deviate from the ECB's policy path.
Before altering its stance, the ECB must have sufficient confidence that inflation would return to target over a medium-term horizon, they said.
The single currency had jumped above $1.09 EUR= in March for the first time since early November after Draghi signaled a diminishing urgency for expansionary policy, with investors pricing a possible rate hike in early 2018.
(To view a graphic on 'Global foreign exchange rates' click here)
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Richard Chang)
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall; weak U.S data spurs safe-haven demand
* Weaker U.S. retail sales, consumer inflation hurt dollar * Report of Trump probe hits risk sentiment (Updates prices, adds quotes) By Nithin ThomasPrasad BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, supported by softer U.S. economic data and a fall in Asian shares following a report that President Donald Trump was being probed for possible obstruction of justice. Weaker U.S. retail and inflation data over
BEIRUT, April 13 The Syrian army said that an air strike late on Wednesday by the U.S.-led coalition hit poison gas supplies belonging to Islamic State, releasing a toxic substance that killed "hundreds including many civilians."
The incident proved that Islamic State and al Qaeda-linked militants "possess chemical weapons", a statement by the army flashed on Thursday by Syrian state TV said.
There was no immediate independent confirmation. (Reporting by John Davison; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
UPDATE 1-Western Digital seeks court injunction to block sale of Toshiba chip unit
* Argues sale cannot be made without its consent (Adds comment from Western Digital CEO)
The international break has allowed Manchester City players to recuperate and refocus ahead of their Premier League trips to Arsenal and Chelsea, midfielder Aleix Garcia has said.
Garcia said City, who are third in the league, needed time to recover after a spell of four games in 11 days across tournaments before the two-week break from club football.
City's last match was a 1-1 draw at home against fourth-placed Liverpool and the Spaniard said their next league fixtures will define their season.
"Some players can rest and others can just take their minds off to come back as strong as possible to keep fighting for our goals until the end of the season," the 19-year-old, who made their City debut last September, told the club website.
"We face lots of games – lots of very important games in a few days that will define our season.
"I expect games like the one against Liverpool - tough games."
With City knocked out of the Champions League earlier this month and trailing league leaders Chelsea by 12 points, Garcia believes the FA Cup has taken increased importance in manager Pep Guardiola's first season at the club.
"Winning the Premier League is difficult and we are out of the Champions League, so the FA Cup is probably the best chance we have this season," Garcia added.
"The team is ready to win it and this is what we want. We will fight to win it."
Following Sunday's trip to the Emirates, Man City visit Chelsea, who have lost just once at Stamford Bridge this season, three days later.
City will also face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on April 23.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
Ireland's Got Talent made its impressive debut on TV3 tonight.
The internationally successful talent show launched with judges Louis Walsh, Michelle Visage, Jason Byrne and Denise Van Outen.
The real star in episode one was 82-year-old Dublin great granny Evelyn Williams who received a golden buzzer after an emotional performance of the song ‘Send In The Clowns'.
Wow! Wow! Wow!!! 😮😮😮
What a performance from Evelyn! And what a first show of Ireland's Got Talent!
Here's a chance to relive Evelyn's Golden Buzzer performance one more time. Brand New: Ireland's Got Talent, continues next Saturday at 7.30pm on TV3. #GotTalentIRL pic.twitter.com/DJMHwL8ZVF — TV3 (@TV3Ireland) February 3, 2018
The Tallaght woman has appeared as an extra in Fair City for many years and said their grandchildren convinced them to audition.
The golden buzzer from Michelle Visage means that Evelyn has made it straight through to the live semi-finals.
Evelyn certainly won over Twitter users tonight.
Switched on for a minute!!! Nope. Not able for the lovely granny on #GotTalentIRL pic.twitter.com/oTeGYW4fDs — Hazel Nolan (@HNolan101) February 3, 2018
Photo: @TV3Ireland/Twitter
Share it:
Don't Miss
March 28 MedFirst Healthcare Services Inc :
* Says it completes issuing 3 new shares at T$66.67 per share for T$200 million in total
* Says new share issue record date is March 27
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/PyTxaY
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Thousands rally in Turkish capital after opposition lawmaker jailed
ANKARA, June 15 Several thousand Turkish protesters marched in the capital Ankara on Thursday to demonstrate against the 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges.
Guest essay by Dr. Antero Ollila
WUWT previously published my essay on the Semi Empirical Climate Model' on the 21st of November. In that essay I used the term “IPCC climate model” and I received some comments saying that the “IPCC has no climate model”. I understand this argument, because IPCC should not have any models according to its mission statement.
In this essay I analyze in detail the evidence of the IPCC climate model, its properties, and its usefulness in calculating the warming values according to the IPCC science. I reckon that some readers shall also argue that there is no such thing as “IPCC science”. The mission statement says role of the IPCC…
“…is to assess on a comprehensive, objective, open and transparent basis the scientific, technical and socio-economic information relevant to understanding the scientific basis of risk of human-induced climate change, its potential impacts and options for adaptation and mitigation. IPCC reports should be neutral with respect to policy, although they may need to deal objectively with scientific, technical and socio-economic factors relevant to the application of particular policies.”
The mission statement above guides IPCC to concentrate to assess human-induced climate change issues and it means that the natural causes have a bystander role. IPCC must summarize the assessment results and to compose concise presentations based on the thousands of scientific papers. The outcomes of this work can be found in the IPCC's reports. Finally, we have presentations like Radiative Forcings (RF) of greenhouse gases, Transient Climate Sensitivity (TCS), and Equilibrium CS (ECS). The IPCC has composed these presentations based on few scientific papers or even on its own task forces like in the case of Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs). Therefore, it is justified to call this work “IPCC science”. It is not typically based on any individual scientific work alone, but it is based selections and combination work of IPCC.
It is true that the IPCC does not openly manifest that “this is the IPCC simple climate model”, because it would be clearly against its mission. But, it can be found in the IPCC Assessment Reports. I refer to 3rd, 4th, and 5th Assessments Reports using the acronyms TAR, AR4, and AR5. The oldest reference to the IPCC climate model can be found in TAR, chapter 6.2.1:
The climate sensitivity parameter (global mean surface temperature response dTs to the radiative forcing dF) is defined as (I have changed the Greek symbols into English ones). Equation 6.1:
dTs /dF = CSP (Dickinson, 1982; WMO, 1986; Cess et al., 1993).
Equation 6.1 is defined for the transition of the surface-troposphere system from one equilibrium state to another in response to an externally imposed radiative perturbation. In the one-dimensional radiative convective models, wherein the concept was first initiated, CSP is a nearly invariant parameter (typically, about 0.5 K/(Wm−2); Ramanathan et al., 1985) for a variety of radiative forcings, thus introducing the notion of a possible universality of the relationship between forcing and response.
The same equation can be found chapter 2.2 of AR4 and on page 664 of AR5 in the form of equation 1 below
dT = CSP * RF
…where RF means Radiative Forcing.
The value of CSP is 0.5 K/(W/m2) according to TAR, and there is reference to the paper of Ramanathan et al. (1985). I read this paper, and I found Table 8, in which eight CSP values are tabulated from 0.47 to 0.53. One of the values was that of Ramanthan et al., and it is 0.52. The average value of these eight CSPs is 0.5. So, it looks like that the reference of TAR is not accurate. The oldest reference is to the paper of Wanabe & Wetherald (1967) and it may be the oldest reference to equation 1.
Another essential equation in the IPCC climate model is the RF formula by Myhre et al. (1989) for carbon dioxide (CO2) is equation 2 below
RF = k * ln (CO2/280)
where k is 5.35 and CO2 is the CO2 concentration (ppm). IPCC selected this equation bases on the assessment in TAR, section 6.3.5. The closest rivals were the equations of Hansen et al. and Shi. IPCC has calculated the CO2 forcing in the AR5 according to equation (2) (AR5, p. 676). The RF value of CO2 concentration of 560 ppm according to equation 2 is 3.7 W/m2. In Table 9.5 of AR5 is tabulated the same 560 ppm RF values of 30 AOGCMs (Atmosphere-Ocean Global Circulation Model also known as ‘coupled atmosphere-ocean models'), and the average value is 3.7 W/m2. It is well-known that equation (2) has been commonly used practically in all GCMs, and probably that is why Gavin Schmidt et al. (2010) calls it a “canonical estimate”.
IPCC describes its equation 6.1 like this:
Equation (6.1) is defined for the transition of the surface-troposphere system from one equilibrium state to another in response to an externally imposed radiative perturbation.
The word “equilibrium” is not a proper expression for this equation, because it could mean that this equation is applicable only for equilibrium states as defined by the specification of ECS. The basic difference between the TCS and ECS is in the positive feedbacks.
In AR5 chapter 12.4.5.1, Atmospheric Humidity there is this text:
“A common experience from past modelling studies is that relative humidity (RH) remains approximately constant on climatological time scales and planetary space scales, implying a strong constraint by the Clausius–Clapeyron relationship on how specific humidity will change.”
It is well-known that all IPCC referred climate models apply the positive water feedback and it is inherently in the value of CSP, if the value is 0.5 K/(W/m2) or greater. In ECS calculations also other positive feedbacks are taken into account like the snow and ice albedo decrease.
IPCC summarizes the differences of ECS and TCR (IPCC has changed the term TCS to TCR (Transient Climate Response)) in AR5 like this (page 1110):
“ECS determines the eventual warming in response to stabilization of atmospheric composition on multi-century time scales, while TCR determines the warming expected at a given time following any steady increase in forcing over a 50- to 100-year time scale .”
And further on page 1112, IPCC states that “TCR is a more informative indicator of future climate than ECS”. I will show later that all the IPCC calculations for future scenarios for this century are based on the TCS/TCR approach, i.e. only the positive water feedback has been applied.
In Table 9.5 are the average values of ECS and TCR of 30 AOGCMs and the values are 3.2 C and 1.8 C. According to equation 1 it is impossible to get ECS value of 3.2 K by multiplying the RF value of 3.7 W/m2 by the CSP value of 0.5 K/(W/m2) as the explanation by IPCC could insist. In Table 9.5 the average CSP is 1.0 for calculating the ECS value. The TCR value calculated according to equation 1 would be 0.5 * 3.7 = 1.85 K, which is practically the same as the average value of 30 AOGCMs. My conclusion is this: the expression “ one equilibrium state to another” for equation 1 and the CSP value of 0.5 K/(W/m2) does not mean the equilibrium between the equilibrium climate sensitivity (ECS) states but equilibrium states according to TCR calculations.
We can combine equations 1 and 2 into one formula (equation 3) for CO2
dTs = CSP * k * ln(CO2/280)
If the CSP value is 0.5 K/(W/m2) and the k = 5.35, I call equation 3 the IPCC climate model. Equation 3 cannot be found in any original research paper. If somebody can do so, then I will change my mind.
IPCC has carried out the following selections:
The elements of the equations The value of CSP is 0.5 K/(W/m2) (IPCC's own value, not Ramanathan et al.) The RF formula for CO2 forcing.
IPCC has carried out scientific work by assessing the original research papers and selecting the elements for its model. I have done the same thing. My selection for the model elements is the same but the value of CSP is 0.27 K/(W/m2) and the value of parameter k is 3.12. It is a common practice to call my model the Ollila's climate model and in the same way we can call the selections of IPCC to be IPCC climate model.
Even though equation 1 is as simple as possible, it is very good and accurate expression about the dependency of the surface temperature change needed to compensate the decrease of the outgoing longwave radiation (OLR) at the top of the atmosphere (TOA) originally caused by the increased absorption of CO2 concentration increase. The evidence is shown in Figure 1.
I have calculated the OLR changes using the spectral calculations applying the average global atmospheric conditions for three CO2 concentrations namely 393, 560 and 1370 ppm. There is no model applied in these calculations except the complicated absorption, emission, and transmission equations of the LW radiation emitted by the Earth's surface in the real atmospheric conditions.
The dependency between RF change and the surface temperature change is essentially linear. This can be noticed by comparing the red curve calculated using the CSP value of 0.27 k(W/m2) to the blue curve of the spectral calculations. The TCS/TCR value of 0.6 C degrees can be read directly from Figure 1.
As shown above, the TCS/TCRds value of 1.8…1.9 C degrees is the same calculated by the IPCC's climate model or by the AOGCMs. The warming values of RCP scenarios are originally calculated by the AOGCMs as well. IPCC tries to muddle the water by calculating the warming values of RCPs from the period 1986-2005 to the period 2081-2100, and not for the period 1750-2100 what is the specification of RCPs:
“The RCPs are named according to radiative forcing target level for 2100. The radiative forcing estimates are based on the forcing of greenhouse gases and other forcing agents. The forcing levels are relative to pre-industrial values and do not include land use (albedo), dust, or nitrate aerosol forcing.”
The warming of RCP8.5 for this period is 3.7 C degrees according to AR5 time span above. The warming from 1750 to 2000 has been 0.6 C degrees per IPCC. Thus, the total warming according to the RCP original specification from 1750 to 2100 is about 0.6 + 3.7 = 4.3 C degrees. Applying the IPCC's climate model, the result is 0.5 * 8.5 = 4.25 C degrees, which is close enough.
The dependency between the CO2 concentration and the RF value is: RF = k * ln(CO2/280), where k is 3.12, In Figure 2, note that the equation starts from the CO2 concentration of 280 ppm onward, where the curve is slightly non-linear.
Usually I do not approve of the essential results of IPCC, but I do approve of this statement found in Chapter 6.2.1 in TAR:
“The invariance of CSP has made the radiative forcing concept appealing as a convenient measure to estimate the global, annual mean surface temperature response, without taking the recourse to actually run and analyse, say, a three-dimensional atmosphere-ocean general circulation model (AOGCM) simulation.”
Using equations (1) and (2) it is easy to calculate the TCS/TCR values (ECS values are not needed during this century and they are not real anyway) and the temperature effects of RCPs. For example, the temperature effect of RCP8.5 according to IPCC in 2100 is simply 0.5*8.5 = 4.25 C degrees, because the number 8.5 means RF value in 2100. The RF value of 8.5 W/m2 corresponds to the CO2 concentration of 1370 ppm, and according to my model the warming impact would be only 1.3 C. Eq. (1) is applicable for warming calculations, if a RF value is known. The RF values of GH gases can be calculated by equation 2, if equivalent CO2 values are known. But I do not recommend the CSP and k values of IPCC.
Why IPCC does not openly show that they have this simple climate model, which is very easy to apply, and which gives the same results as very complicated AOGCMs?
One reason could be that they are little bit shy to call it IPCC model, because they should not have it. Another reason could be that openly using it would decrease the image of climate change science, if it turns out that actually AOGCMs are not needed for calculating global warming values, which are very important in the tool box of IPCC.
There is a supposition that it is an unwritten rule among the climate change scientists that the values of the IPCC model and average GCMs should give essentially the same global values. The facts show that this is the case.
Advertisements
Rugby-Lions dance in background as NZ stay on toes against Samoa
AUCKLAND, June 15 The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure their side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
April 5 China Cinda Asset Management Co Ltd
* Civil judgment issued by beijing court on december 18, 2014 shall be rescinded
* Cinda Properties shall repay interests in a parcel of relevant project land received pursuant to framework agreement
* Cinda Investment shall pay rmb1 billion as liquidated damage to junefield real estate within 10 days after judgment becomes effective
* Junefield real estate shall repay contract amount of about rmb2.21 billion and resettlement fee of about rmb0.53 billion to Cinda Investment
* Co currently assesses that litigation will not have material adverse effect on operating results and financial condition
* Supreme people's court has recently issued a civil judgment stating counterclaims from cinda properties shall be rejected
* Updates on second trial judgment made on litigation filed by Junefield Real Estate against Cinda Investment, Cinda Properties and Cinda Beijing Branch
* Possibility for Cinda Investment to generate actual loss under judgment is small
* Legal costs of first trial judgment RMB5 million and of second trial judgment rmb5 million shall be assumed by Cinda Investment and Cinda Properties Source (bit.ly/2nX1iNP) Further company coverage:
May 3 Tegna Inc
* Tegna board of directors approves spin-off of cars.com
* Tegna Inc says cars.com to pay Tegna one-time cash distribution of $650 million
* Spin-off of cars.com expected to be completed May 31, 2017
* Tegna - cars.com expects to enter new credit facilities with borrowing capacity of about $900 million, expects portion of facilities to remain undrawn at closing
* Tegna Inc - expected that Tegna's existing credit facility will remain in place following deal Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Paris Dennard is ride-or-die for Donald Trump. Whether it's defending Trump when they are sympathizing with neo-Nazis or co-signing bizarre Twitter rants, the conservative commentator believes Trump can do no wrong. Over the weekend, Trump embarrassed themselves again and Paris had explanations.
Trump appeared for a photo opp at the opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. Several civil rights activists, including Congressman John Lewis, rightfully refused to attend. As you know, 45 doesn't have a great history with the Black community, from the racist Birther movement to housing discrimination lawsuits, it should be no shock that anyone thinks they are a racist. Moreover, as President, their policies, especially on education, healthcare and so-called tax reform will deeply hurt the Black community. Everything Trump stands for goes against the countless people who lost their lives for civil rights.
CNN decided to debate Trump's insincere appearance at the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum with Dennard and Democratic operative A. Scott Bolden. CNN anchor Fredricka Whitfield calmly asked Dennard, “How do you, as a Black man, defend the President's remarks last night for support of a man who talked about days being great in the days of slavery?” Whitfield is referring to Trump endorsing racist and accused pedophile Roy Moore.
Bolden then demanded Dennard answer the question. Paris proceeded to go ballistic on Bolden and Whitfield. Watch the foolishness below, which starts around the 6:30 mark.
Paris Dennard is clearly living at the very bottom of the sunken place.
SOURCE: YouTube
Charlottesville Hero Pushed Fiancée Out Of The Way Of Deranged Terrorist
WATCH: White Supremacist Charlottesville Rally Organizer Flees From Counterprotesters
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Pulling on Queensland's No.8 jersey will feel "weird" for Jai Arrow.
Jai Arrow runs through a training drill during a Queensland Maroons State of Origin training session in Brisbane, Australia. Source: Getty
But not because Arrow denied their State of Origin inspiration Jarrod Wallace a Maroon starting front-row spot to get it.
The 22-year-old will make their Origin starting debut when they run out in the jersey made famous by the likes of Shane Webcke in Wednesday's game three.
It will be bittersweet for Arrow, who earns a front-row start while the man who inspired their Origin quest - Gold Coast Titans teammate Wallace - has been relegated from prop to the bench.
Arrow felt for Wallace but admitted it would be strange to don the great Maroons No.8 jersey after such a meteoric rise.
Arrow - who has played only 38 NRL games - will start for Queensland in just their third Origin.
"To be honest I didn't think I would play one game of NRL. To be pulling on the No.8 jersey will be weird but very exciting," Arrow said.
"Shane Webcke was a great for the Maroons. Knowing they have put on the jersey, I don't want to let anyone down."
Arrow stood up for Wallace, who copped plenty of flack for failing to crack 50m in the first two games this series.
"He copped a bit of criticism over the last few weeks for their Origin games but they have put the team first (in the games) and that's what you want," Arrow said of Wallace.
"He went back to club level and showed what they can do. They have come out firing.
"I think they have played their best footy the last couple of weeks after all the criticism they have copped."
Wallace inspired then Brisbane teammate Arrow to strive for higher honours when the prop left the Broncos for a regular start with the Gold Coast last year.
Wallace not only nailed down a Titans front-row berth last season, they used it to earn an Origin debut.
Arrow followed their lead, leaving Brisbane this year to join Wallace at the Titans - and now the Maroons.
"J-Wal (Wallace) is a great mate of mine and they were the first to congratulate me when we found out the team," Arrow said.
"He's been a leader at the Titans. There have been a few games where I have been a bit battered and bruised and they are always the first to grab me, slap me in the face and tell me to 'get up, we got a game, we got to win today'."
PHOENIX (AP) — The state's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona.
Clean Energy for a Healthy Arizona aims to ask voters whether they want the state Constitution to require half of Arizona's electricity come from renewable sources like wind and solar by 2030.
The group plans to file more than 225,000 signatures Thursday gets the question on the November ballot.
California billionaire Tom Steyer is financing the initiative through their NextGen Climate Action group, which supported similar efforts in Nevada and Michigan. Only the Arizona measure spawned a political fight.
Advertisement
Arizona Public Service Co. says the proposed constitutional amendment will cause customers' utility rates to skyrocket and harm reliability.
Its parent company, Pinnacle West Capital Corp., spent $1.18 million to oppose the initiative in the first three months of the year.
March 31 VAT Group AG:
* FY net sales up 24 percent to 508 million Swiss francs ($507.44 million); order intake by 31 percent to 562 million francs
* FY net income of 67 million francs supported by higher operating performance and substantially lower finance costs; net debt to EBITDA ratio of 0.9 times
* Dividend proposal of 4.00 francs per share
* Outlook 2017: revenue growth of at least 20 percent expected at constant FX rates, adjusted EBITDA margin target around 31 percent; CAPEX to be around 5 percent of sales
* Martin Komischke nominated to succeed Horst Heidsieck as chairperson of board, Hermann Gerlinger nominated as additional member of board Source text - bit.ly/2nls9RL Further company coverage: ($1 = 1.0011 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for their response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. The president, famous for their ability to be direct and forceful, was faulted for condemning violence "on many sides."
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier's withdrawal, Trump retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... they will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
In a statement on their resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier, who is African-American, said they were acting as both the CEO of Merck and "as a matter of personal conscience."
The rift did not seem to harm Merck's stock: The drug company's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading, to nearly $63.
Members of their own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism. The White House later stated that Trump was including "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" in their remarks about the violence.
Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January.
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left their business advisory council.
Months earlier, in February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump's executive order that banned immigrants from seven Muslim countries.
"The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick said at the time.
Former WPP boss Sir Martin Sorrell is planning to raise up to £1 billion to fund an advertising agency takeover spree as they look to build a rival marketing empire.
A shareholder circular sent out on Wednesday to investors in Sir Martin's new firm, S4 Capital, revealed that they want to issue new shares to invest in acquisitions.
It comes just a day after it emerged that S4 Capital and WPP are going head to head in a battle to take over Netherlands-based MediaMonks.
The bidding war could rise as high as €300 million (£264 million) for MediaMonks, which specialises in digital advertising and production.
Details of S4's planned fundraising will raise eyebrows, given previous indications of the investment available and Sir Martin's assurances that their new venture will not be on a scale to compete directly with WPP.
S4 has previously detailed plans for Sir Martin to pump in £40 million, with support pledged from investors for up to £150 million more.
The 73-year-old advertising guru has also previously dismissed competition speculation, describing their new firm as “a peanut that wouldn't want to compete against a £20 billion global company like WPP”.
Sir Martin left WPP - the FTSE 100 company they founded more than 30 years ago - in April following allegations of personal misconduct, which they deny.
WPP carried out an inquiry into claims that they misused company funds, but the details of the investigation were never disclosed.
It has been alleged that the probe looked into whether they used company cash to pay for a sex worker, claims that Sir Martin has “strenuously” denied.
Shareholders vented their anger at WPP's annual general meeting last month over its handling of their departure, which included a bumper £20 million payout, while failing to enforce any non-compete clause.
It means that Sir Martin is able to compete directly with WPP for contracts.
As well as the Dutch firm S4 is looking to snap up, other potential takeover targets are thought to include US-listed marketing and communications agency MDC Partners. – PA
Rangers Football Club has called for an investigation into what it alleges is a conflict of interest between Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) chairperson Murdoch MacLennan and Celtic FC major shareholder Dermot Desmond.
Mr MacLennan was appointed chairperson of Independent News & Media (INM) in March following the departure of Leslie Buckley in the midst of a turbulent period for the media giant and an ongoing investigation by the Director of Corporate Enforcement.
Mr Desmond is Celtic's biggest shareholder, as well as INM's second largest shareholder with a 15 per cent stake. Rangers and Celtic are both based in Glasgow and are fierce football rivals.
In a statement on Rangers' website, the club's chairperson Dave King said there was “concern” that Mr MacLennan, as chairperson of the SPFL, which operates league and cup competitions in Scotland, also had business links to Celtic's major shareholder.
“The club notes with concern the latest disclosure through the media regarding a business relationship which the chairperson of the SPFL has with leading shareholders of a fellow SPFL club,” they said.
“This has given rise to allegations of non-disclosure and it is now imperative that we discover exactly the nature of the information supplied to the SPFL regarding this relationship.
“It is equally important that any conflicts of interest, or even the perception of such, whereby positions within the Scottish football authorities could be undermined, or abused, must be aggressively rooted out of our game.”
Mr Desmond has been contacted by The Irish Times for comment.
Mr King said the SPFL must “immediately suspend” Mr MacLennan pending an independent investigation by a senior QC into the allegations, and into “the extent that other parties within the SPFL may have cooperated in this alleged non-disclosure”.
‘Prima facie case'
“There is a clear prima facie case for this investigation,” they said. “The credibility of Scottish Football in the minds of supporters and sponsors is at stake and urgent action is required.
“Transparency will be key to recovering the confidence of key stakeholders in Scottish football and this cannot be achieved if ... the SPFL conduct internal investigations.
“The SPFL ... must now appoint independent investigators. Scottish football is an important national asset and must have levels of probity and governance that are beyond reproach and that are transparently so.”
In response, the SPFL said no investigation was necessary. “It's not surprising that Murdoch, having stepped down as deputy chairperson of Telegraph Media Group, should be approached by other businesses in that sector,” it said.
“The members of the SPFL board were each informed of Murdoch's appointment on January 19th, 2018, the same day it was publicly announced in a press release from Independent News & Media. That release was also circulated to the entire SPFL board that day.
“The appointment was widely reported in the national media at the time, including in the Sunday Times, Belfast Telegraph and Sunday Independent. No director raised this issue subsequently and it was not the subject of any board discussions.
“To be definitive, a non-executive position on a PLC does not constitute a business relationship between that individual and a minority shareholder in the company and therefore no investigation is warranted.”
April 10 Stag Industrial Inc
* Stag Industrial - On April 7, co, operating partnership entered into separate equity distribution agreements - SEC Filing
* Stag Industrial - Separate equity distribution agreements relating to offer, sale of shares of common stock having aggregate offering price of up to $300 million
* Stag Industrial Inc - Will not initially receive any proceeds from sale of borrowed shares of common stock by a forward seller Source text: [bit.ly/2nwZcr6] Further company coverage:
* Hungarian papers said RWE, EnBW could sell stakes
* RWE says looking at all strategic options, including sale
* RWE holds 50.9 pct, EnBW 21.7 pct of Matrai Eromu Zrt
* CEZ says not interested in buying stakes (Adds EnBW comment, additional data on Matrai Eromu power plant)
By Tom Käckenhoff and Krisztina Than
DUESSELDORF/BUDAPEST, April 5 RWE is considering selling its majority stake in Hungary's second-biggest power plant and related lignite mines, as the German utility reviews its struggling generation assets across Europe.
Germany's third-largest energy group was responding to reports in two Hungarian papers which said that RWE Power and smaller rival EnBW could both sell their holdings in Matrai Eromu Zrt and its opencast mining activities.
"We are looking at all strategic options. That includes a sale," an RWE spokesperson said on Wednesday. EnBW said it was looking at all options for its non-core assets, but would not comment on individual holdings.
Driven by a major decline in wholesale power prices across the continent, RWE has either shut down, mothballed or put on stand-by 11.5 gigawatts (GW) of its generation capacity since 2012. It currently stands at 41.9 GW.
And last week RWE said that it would continue to look for ways to optimise its power generation assets.
Hungarian newspapers Magyar Idok and Vilaggazdasag cited unnamed sources as saying bidders could submit offers for Matrai Eromu, which is 50.9 percent owned by RWE and 21.7 percent by EnBW, in two months.
The plant, which is fired by lignite and partly by gas, has an installed capacity of 1,000 MW. It generates annual revenues of 98 billion forints ($337.5 million) and had a 2016 net profit of 33.4 million euros ($35.6 million).
The newspapers said five companies were interested, but only two of them were willing to pay a price which would satisfy RWE and EnBW. They did not name the bidders, but said Czech EP Holding (EPH), CEZ or Hungarian state-owned MVM group, which holds 26.15 percent in the plant, could be interested.
A spokesperson for CEZ said the Czech utility was not interested. MVM declined to comment. Matrai Eromu and EPH were not immediately available for comment.
($1 = 290.3400 forints)
($1 = 0.9377 euros) (Additional reporting by Jason Hovet and Christoph Steitz; Writing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Alexander Smith)
April 20 Chengdu B-ray Media Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.02 yuan(before tax)/share for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 26
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 27 and the dividend will be paid on April 27
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/AzRbw9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
MILAN, March 31 Live coverage of European markets now available on cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
Summary:
**European equity index futures down 0.3-0.4 pct
**STOXX up 2.7 pct in March, up more than 5 pct in Q1
**European govts to keep Airbus penalties on AM400M - source
**EU to lay out Brexit response today
**In Asia, stocks mixed (Reporting by Danilo Masoni)
BRIEF-Tern Properties says Chan Yan Wai Emily appointed as executive director
* Chan Yan Wai, Emily has been appointed as an executive director of co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Channel 4 show has teamed up with Stand Up To Cancer for the celebrity special.
Channel 4 has announced its first celebrity series of SAS: Who Dares Wins.
The show, which sees civilians put through SAS training to see how they get on, is partnering with Stand Up To Cancer for the special.
The team of ex-Special Forces operators, led by Chief Instructor Ant Middleton, will be putting 12 brave male and female celebrities through an intensive seven day course.
The course will be designed to reveal the true character of the recruits, who will push themselves to their limits across four physically and psychologically demanding episodes.
Channel 4's head of factual, Danny Horan, said: “Physically demanding and psychologically gruelling, all but a few who take part will fail.
“This isn't I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here or Celebrity Big Brother – it's the real deal – for the celebrities, it will be the most testing, revealing and ultimately rewarding process they have ever undertaken.”
Former Emmerdale actor Roxanne Pallett will take part in Celebrity Island With Bear Grylls (Matt Crossick/PA)
The channel has also announced a new series of the Celebrity Island With Bear Grylls, which will see stars including Hollywood actor Eric Roberts and Emmerdale's Roxanne Pallett trying to survive on a remote and uninhabited island.
All they will have been the clothes on their back, basic tools, medical supplies, enough water to last for 24 hours and each other.
Other stars taking part include actor and musician Martin Kemp, double Olympic gold medal rower James Cracknell, Olympic boxer Anthony Ogogo, Towie's Pete Wicks, TV personality Jo Wood and Love Island star Montana Brown.
Journalist, presenter and transgender activist Paris Lees and TV doctor Dr Saleyha Ahsan will also be giving up their usual lifestyles for a basic existence on the island.
The Celebrity Island With Bear Grylls will air on Channel 4 in the autumn.
© Press Association 2018
Local residents, bibliophiles and lovers of Santa Barbara's downtown Arts District are invited to the grand opening of Granada Books from 5 to 7 p.m. Thursday at 1224 State St., next door to the Granada Theatre.
Founders Emmett McDonough and Sharon Hoshida will be kicking off the festivities with a ribbon-cutting ceremony by Mayor Helene Schneider. Remarks by McDonough and Hoshida will follow, along with an introduction of other attending city officials and Granada Book staff including Mark Zolezzi and Andrea McCormick. Anna and the Band will be playing lively music.
At 6 p.m., poems written especially for Granada Books by Santa Barbara Poet Laureate Chryss Yost and poet laureate ex-emeritus' Barry Spacks, Perie Longo, Paul Willis and David Starkey will be read. The event will last until 7 p.m.
Granada Books features an extensive children's section, local writers and regional interests, and scholarly books that support the area's local institutions of higher learning. Granada Books also includes a comprehensive selection of fiction and specialty areas such as food and wine, gardening, the arts (both fine and folk), current issues, healthy living, active lifestyles and gift items for readers and writers of all ages.
McDonough, a retired corporate executive, brings their business acumen and financial backing, while Hoshida, former director of the Women's Center at UC Santa Barbara and community activist, will draw upon their extensive network for marketing outreach.
“Granada Books will offer a respite from the hectic pace of our everyday lives,” McDonough said. “We believe that Santa Barbara is a community that will value and support a local, independent bookstore.”
— Nancy Shobe represents Granada Books.
April 13 The passenger dragged from a United Airlines plane in Chicago is in a strong position as they prepare to launch a legal action, lawyers who represent airlines and passengers said, in part because of the wide public outrage over how the airline acted.
Lawyers for the passenger, David Dao, have scheduled a news conference in Chicago for 11 a.m. ET (1500 GMT) on Thursday at which they were expected to give more details of the case.
The lawyers filed an emergency request with an Illinois state court on Wednesday to require United Continental Holdings Inc and the City of Chicago to preserve video recordings and other evidence related to Sunday's incident, a likely precursor to a lawsuit.
Dao, a doctor, was hospitalized after Chicago aviation police dragged them from the plane as the airline sought to make space on a flight from the city's O'Hare International Airport to Louisville, Kentucky.
Video of the incident taken by other passengers and showing Dao being dragged up the plane aisle and with a bloodied mouth circulated rapidly, causing public outrage that was not calmed by the airline's initial response to the case.
“United is looking at a legal claim, but they're also looking at a huge public relations and business problem,” said Justin Green, a partner at the law firm Kreindler & Kreindler in New York who represents airline passengers.
“I think United, if they're smart, will quickly and quietly settle the case.”
United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz is under pressure to contain a torrent of bad publicity and calls for boycotts against United, including in China, where people have been angered because Dao was an Asian passenger. United shares have lost about 1 percent of their value since Monday.
Paul Callan, a civil and criminal trial lawyer in New York, said Dao has at least two potential claims against the airline: a personal injury claim for assault and battery, which could also target the police; and a contract claim.
Callan said they had reviewed United's so-called contract of carriage, the fine print that passengers agree to when they buy tickets. They said that while the contract allows United to deny passengers boarding, it says nothing about removing a passenger from a plane unless the passenger is disruptive.
Deepak Gupta of the law firm Gupta Wessler in Washington who works on consumer issues, noted that there were potential legal roadblocks to a lawsuit.
However, Gupta said, “I think the serious public relations risk to United will give them an incentive to provide a generous settlement.”
Munoz has sought in the last two days to make amends. In a statement on Tuesday they said they "deeply" apologized and was disturbed by what had happened.
On Wednesday, Munoz apologized to Dao, their family and United customers in an ABC News interview, saying the company would no longer use law enforcement officers to remove passengers from overbooked flights.
Kenneth Quinn, a partner at the law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman in Washington who represents airlines, disputed that Dao had a case.
Quinn said that under the passenger contract, removing Dao from the plane while it was still at the gate was no different from denying them boarding. And once Dao refused to leave, Quinn said, the airline had a reason to use force.
But Quinn said that even without a strong case, Dao would probably walk away with a hefty settlement.
“I think United is likely to be found on legally solid ground, but has already lost in the court of public opinion, and will pay dearly for it,” Quinn said.
Chicago's Aviation Department said on Wednesday that two more officers had been placed on leave in connection with the incident. One officer was placed on leave on Tuesday. (Reporting By Brendan Pierson; Editing by Joseph White and Frances Kerry)
The comedy is loosely based on the star's own experience of growing up in East London.
Idris Elba has said their new comedy The Long Run reflects the less sensitive era they grew up in, when people were “thicker-skinned”.
The Luther actor stars as a father named Walter in the show, which is loosely based on their own childhood growing up in East London in the 80s.
The series displays a multicultural London and the scripts include some moments of casual racism evident at the time.
Elba, 45, told Radio Times magazine: “It's good that that's come across because in early, early talks that was something I wanted to be upfront about.
“I wanted people to be reminded that, as PC as we all are now – which is fine, it's good – we were thicker-skinned back then.”
They added: “Not that it makes casual racism right, but actually in the long run we all got along with it.”
The star continued: “At one point my character's wife says something like: ‘They're English, they don't know any better.'
“And there's an Asian character who is casually racist towards Africans.
“We wanted to make sure it was a full picture.”
Elba said the series will appeal to viewers who want to “step outside of dreary 2018 – where everything is very sensitive – and just laugh with a community of people that you can relate to, one way or another”.
The Long Run starts on Sky1 on March 29.
The Radio Times is out on Tuesday March 20.
© Press Association 2018
A couple in Texas have been arrested after police found them with so many drug-filled lollies in their car they couldn't close the doors properly.
Meth sweets found in Harris county Source: 1 NEWS
Officers had been called to a burglary at a property in Harris County, Texas.
On leaving the scene they saw Evonne Mick and David Salinas loading the sweets into the back of their car.
Meth sweets found in Harris County Source: 1 NEWS
Harris county sheriff's office say 600lbs of 'meth-pops' were recovered and that they would have a street value of over $1.3million (NZD)
Meth sweets found in harris county Source: 1 NEWS
Police believe there were others involved in the operation and say 'it appears the candy was intended to be distributed amongst children or sold to juveniles' as the lolles are moulded into Batman and Star Wars shapes.
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
A Donald Trump supporter had every right to brandish a profane protest sign in a busy public park on a summer's day at Niagara Falls, Ontario's top court ruled on Monday.
In quashing a trespass notice issued to Fredrick Bracken, the Court of Appeal said the ability to protest publicly — even using vulgar language — is an essential part of the democratic process.
“In a free society, individuals are permitted to use open public spaces to address the people assembled there, to challenge each other, and to call government to account,” the Appeal Court said. “The idea that the parks are somehow different — that they are categorically a ‘safe space' where people are to be protected from exposure to political messages — is antithetical to a free and democratic society and would set a dangerous precedent.”
At the same time, the court upheld the constitutionality of a rule barring park users from abusive behaviour that could interfere with the enjoyment of other users. The provision, the court found, was a reasonable restriction on free speech.
The case arose in August 2016 in the run-up to the presidential election in the United States. Bracken, of Fort Erie, Ont., was in a park near the falls holding up a sign reading: “Trump is right. F—k China. F—k Mexico.”
Niagara Parks police decided the sign was offensive and disturbing visitors. Officers told Bracken they could not display the sign and told them to leave.
A couple of days later, Bracken went to the Parks police headquarters, where they were told that if they returned to the park with the sign, they would be removed under trespassing laws.
They turned to the courts, seeking a declaration that parks rules prohibiting “abusive or insulting language” that interferes with other park users was unconstitutional, and that the oral trespass notice police gave them had violated their free speech rights.
In September 2016, Superior Court Justice James Ramsay ruled that constitutionally guaranteed freedom of expression does not apply to shouting insulting or abusive language in parks. However, Ramsay declined to rule on the validity of the oral trespass notice because they were not satisfied police had actually issued such a notice.
Bracken turned to the Court of Appeal, which decided Ramsay was mistaken to conclude that park rules did not infringe on free speech. The judge was also wrong in deciding police had not issued a trespass notice so there was nothing to quash, the Appeal Court found.
For their part, Niagara Parks police and Niagara Parks Commission tried to argue that the parks are intended to be a place of refuge where users can experience natural beauty without the distraction of potentially divisive expression. However, the higher court found the plaza where Bracken was protesting was a busy, partly commercial area where neither quiet nor an absence of distraction was possible.
At the same time, the court upheld the law itself on the grounds that it aims to prevent individuals and groups from using public spaces in a way that makes them unfit for others to use. When the line is crossed must be decided on a case-by-case basis and, the Appeal Court said, Bracken in no way went too far.
“The public is not required to endure personalized invective, but nothing in the sign's message could be characterized in this way,” the Appeal Court said. “The display of the sign, despite its profanity, did not constitute the use of insulting or abusive language.”
In November 2016, Niagara police arrested Bracken, then 39, during a similar protest at Brock University, according to the student paper Brock News. They were charged with assaulting a student and making offensive racial comments.
Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
April 5 Piteco SpA:
* Signs a binding agreement for the acquisition of a controlling stake of an American operator in the field of digital payments and clearing houses
* The operation is carried out through wholly owned unit Piteco North America Corp which owns 55 pct of the special purpose vehicle, Juniper Payments LLC, which has signed the binding agreement
* The operation involves a total payment of $13 million
* Finances the transaction through a bank loan of 7 million euros ($7.46 million) and partial use of company liquidity Source text: www.1info.it Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9388 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 5 Tandy Leather Factory Inc
* Announced an update to its reporting segments
* Tandy Leather Factory - effective January 1, 2017, wholesale and retail have been combined into North America, while international remains same
* Will report on new reporting basis starting with Q1 2017 results in May Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Singapore PM's brother says they fear authorities may stop them from leaving
SINGAPORE, June 15 Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's younger brother said on Thursday they fear the nation's authorities may stop them from leaving the country or take other action against them after they made a series of accusations against Lee.
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
LONDON, April 13 High yields and a benign global backdrop are keeping many investors engaged with Turkish bonds and stocks ahead of a crucial referendum, but the outlook is glum for this once favoured emerging economy.
Sunday's referendum will ask Turks if they want an executive presidency, which would grant President Tayyip Erdoğan wide-ranging powers and bring about one of the biggest changes in its system of governance since the modern republic was founded almost a century ago.
Many investors are nervous about the hotly contested vote which polls indicate may be too close to call. But they are more concerned about Turkey's economic outlook, dimmed by stalled reforms and armed conflicts along its southern borders.
Most are also sceptical about the government's view that a yes vote in the referendum will give Ankara a freer rein to implement reform
But they are reluctant to throw the towel in just yet.
Paul Greer, senior emerging market debt trader at Fidelity International in London, is one of those with a tactical overweight on Turkey, arguing that Turkish securities already implement many of the risks in their price.
The lira is one of the few emerging currencies to have weakened against the dollar this year:
tmsnrt.rs/2hniYya
Greer said a yes vote would spark at least a brief rally.
"I don't think the market is heavily positioned in Turkish assets at the moment, which will be reflected in the market reaction," they said, adding that chances of a new election being called would rekindle uncertainty once the referendum is past.
"Then the market will start to refocus on Turkey's challenged fundamentals."
MAJOR DESTINATION
Turkey's sizeable bond market has long made it a major destination for emerging debt investors, while its well-managed companies and buoyant consumer demand lured equity funds. But asset allocation data is indicative of growing jitters in the run-up to the vote.
According to fund tracker EPFR, emerging debt funds had added exposure to Turkey by 0.2 percent since November, but were still underweight on aggregate.
JPMorgan's monthly client survey too showed investors underweight Turkish local debt in March. Foreigners held 16.7 percent of the market versus 17.7 percent a year ago and around 10 percentage points down from early-2013.
One such fund is Ashmore which has been bearish Turkey for a couple of years, though Jan Dehn, its head of research, says the asset manager continues to trade the debt "actively".
"Erdoğan will win the referendum and markets will like that because otherwise there is massive uncertainty," Dehn said. "But the way we approach Turkey is from an underweight position."
Equity investors were overweight Turkey as of February, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch. This may be down to the boost exporters will receive from lira weakness, and share valuations, which according to BAML, are 20 percent cheaper than historical averages.
But the overall overweight position is smaller than it was before a failed coup last July, BAML added.
SHORT-TERM PLAY
Keeping foreign investors sweet is crucial to plug Turkey's wide current account deficit which amounts to roughly $30 billion a year and is one of the largest in emerging markets : tmsnrt.rs/2fM78iH
Currently a quarter of that gap is filled by long-term bricks-and-mortar foreign direct investment, according to UBS estimates, compared to 80 percent a decade back.
One powerful catalyst that spurred reform and attracted investment in past years was the prospect that Turkey could some day join the European Union.
But relations have worsened and rhetoric terse since a crackdown following the failed coup last July. Erdoğan has also mooted a referendum on the death penalty, which could effectively end Ankara's membership bid.
Second, any post-referendum relief rally may be short lived as concerns resurface about the greater rein Erdoğan will have over institutions such as the judiciary, media and central bank.
But Aaron Grehan, Aviva Investors' deputy head of emerging market debt, says what happens to the dollar, Treasury yields and U.S. monetary policy will determine whether post-referendum Turkey continues to enjoy investor attention.
Yet these positions are likely to be tactical and short-term rather than conviction-based.
"There is no clear catalyst for positive economic development, so you have to make the distinction between an investment and a trade rationale," Grehan added. (Additional reporting by Sujata Rao; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of commodities trader Glencore is pictured in front of the company's headquarters in Baar, Switzerland, September 30, 2015. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
LONDON Swiss-based trading and mining giant Glencore (GLEN.L) is selling a bundle of its global oil storage stakes, sources told Reuters, following similar moves by rivals as a boom period for storage shows signs of nearing to an end.
Demand for storage exploded following the oil price plunge in 2014 because the abundance of crude for immediate delivery meant traders could make millions by buying oil cheaply and storing it to resell later as prices recover.
As the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) decided to cut oil output at the end of 2016 to prop up prices and help ease the global glut, the market balance began to change.
Today, future prices are no longer trading at a steep premium to immediate prices, thus reducing the appeal of storing oil and prompting some of Glencore's rivals to reduce exposure to storage assets, including Vitol and Gunvor.
If the sale reaches completion, Glencore will likely end up with minority stakes in the assets. The company owns much of its storage terminal interests via joint ventures and is selling half of these stakes, the sources familiar with the sale said.
A spokesperson for Glencore declined to comment.
"It's an exotic combination of assets with a variety of functions, mainly storage. It's most, if not all, of Glencore's global liquid storage," one source said.
The portfolio includes assets in Argentina, Belgium and Madagascar, the source said.
"As a bundle it would appeal to someone looking for an entry point to certain countries," the source added.
The source said the assets were generating EBITDA or core earnings of around $75 million a year.
Glencore and other trading houses with large storage assets compete with listed storage firms such as Vopak NV (VOPA.AS), Magellan Midstream Partners LP (MMP.N) and Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI.N).
Given a limited number of listed storage firms, price to earnings (P/E) ratios in the sector tend to vary significantly between as low as 7 and as high as 15, which in theory could give Glencore's storage assets a value of between $0.5-$1.1 billion.
Lately, some of Glencore's competitors have been divesting similar assets. Vitol, the world's largest independent oil trader, sold a 50 percent stake in its terminal and infrastructure company VTTI to Buckeye Partners in October last year.
Swiss trader Gunvor is looking to sell a stake in a Rotterdam storage terminal and Trafigura is considering an IPO for downstream company Puma Energy, in which it holds a major stake.
(Additional reporting by Dmitry Zhdannikov; Editing by Dale Hudson/Ruth Pitchford)
Pound and Euro coins are seen in this picture illustration taken January 18, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
LONDON Sterling hit a six-week high against the euro on Thursday as jitters ahead of the first round of the French presidential election and a week of upbeat data in the UK gave the British currency some respite from Brexit worries.
The euro lost ground versus sterling this week over the rise of Jean-Luc Melenchon, a far-left candidate in the French presidential race, while steady inflation readings and forecast-beating wage growth numbers gave the pound a lift.
Sterling was up 0.2 percent at 84.87 pence per euro, earlier touching 84.76 pence, its highest level since Feb. 27.
"Obviously the French political risk concerns are quite large," said Alvin Tan, currency strategist with Société Générale.
"If we continue to see Melenchon improving their position in the polls into the first round, it will weaken the euro and that will weaken euro/sterling."
Centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen are still frontrunners in the French race, but Melenchon, who for most of the campaign has been dismissed as a distant no-hoper, has surged into the top four and lies just a few percentage points behind the leaders. A four-way contest in the election could heighten uncertainty over its result for investors who have grown wary of polls.
Set for a fourth successive daily gain versus the dollar in early London trade, the pound lost momentum as the greenback recovered from a dip following U.S. President Donald Trump's comments on its strength.
It last traded at $1.2522, down 0.2 percent on the day, but still up 1 percent for the week.
The pound's fall of nearly 20 percent since last year's Brexit vote has benefited exporters, but driven up domestic inflation, thus squeezing consumers' spending power - a concern for investors who saw robust consumption as a factor propping up Britain's economy after the EU referendum.
Consumer prices in Britain increased in March by 2.3 percent compared with a year earlier - above the Bank of England's target - while earnings including bonuses rose by an annual 2.3 percent in the three months to February.
British manufacturers reported the fastest export growth in more than two years in early 2017 and the services sector also recovered to rack up its strongest sales growth since last June's Brexit vote, a business survey showed on Thursday.
"A weak sterling over the past few months will continue to fuel inflationary pressure ... So high inflation at a time when wage growth is stagnant doesn't bode well for UK consumers over the long-term horizon," said Piotr Matys, currency strategist with Rabobank.
For graphic on sterling and gilt yields click on bit.ly/2dgAXn1
For graphic on wWorld FX rates in 2017 click on tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
For graphic on trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote click on tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv
(Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; Editing by Alison Williams)
* Investors pile into German, Dutch, Finnish bonds
* Treasury yields fall after Trump comments on dollar, rates
* Political concerns, French vote add to safe-haven flows
* Periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Updates prices)
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, April 13 Yields on high-rated euro zone government bonds fell to multi-month lows on Thursday after U.S. President Donald Trump said they would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low.
Tracking an overnight drop by U.S. Treasury yields in response to Wednesday's comment, investors piled into high-rated German, Dutch and Finnish government bonds, pushing their yields lower, too.
"It looks like Bunds are catching up with the bull move we have seen in U.S. Treasuries late yesterday," said Commerzbank strategist David Schnautz.
Germany's 10-year government bond yield fell to its lowest level since early January at 0.16 percent. It had trimmed falls by late afternoon trade in line with U.S. peers after data showed an unexpected improvement in U.S. consumer sentiment. But it was still 2 basis points lower on the day.
Dutch 10-year government bond yields fell to a five-month low of 0.26 percent, down 3 basis points, while the Finnish equivalent dropped below 0.30 percent for the first time since Nov. 9.
Yields have been rising in the developed world since September on the prospect of monetary policy tightening by the world's major central banks, a move underpinned by December and March rate increases in the United States.
Trump's comments cast doubt on the future pace of Fed rate increases, and the benchmark U.S. Treasury yield briefly fell to 2.22 percent on Thursday, its lowest level in almost five months.
Thursday's move caps a month of steady buying of the better-rated euro zone government bonds. The yield on Germany's 10-year government bond, the benchmark for the region, is down more than 30 basis points from its mid-March peak of 0.509 percent.
"I think the price action in core yields is mainly shaped by the rising geopolitical concerns, but also French election nerves, increasing safe-haven flows," said ING strategist Martin Van Vliet.
The first round of the French presidential election takes place on April 23, with markets uneasy about the chances of far-right leader Marine Le Pen, who has pledged to try and take France out of the euro.
In the last two weeks, the emergence of far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, another anti-EUer, as a potential winner has added a fresh worry. Some of their proposals - such as a 100 percent tax band and a reduction in the working week - are considered market-unfriendly.
One of the latest polls suggests Le Pen will get 23.5 percent of the vote in the first round, centrist Emmanuel Macron 22.5 percent, conservative Francois Fillon 19 percent and Melenchon 18.5 percent. The top two candidates will contest a run-off in May.
The gap between French and German 10-year borrowing costs, an indicator of concern over the election, was at 72 basis points, 4 basis points off one-month highs hit earlier this week. (Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan, editing by Larry King)
May 2 Momenta Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Momenta pharmaceuticals reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 revenue $26.6 million versus i/b/e/s view $24.5 million
* Q1 loss per share $0.46
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.66 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Momenta pharmaceuticals says reiterating non-gaap operating expense guidance of approximately $200 - $240 million for 2017 and $50 - $60 million for q2 of 2017
* Says expects to recognize $50 million upfront payment from csl as revenue in second half of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
The conflict in Northern Ireland has been examined in so many ways, from so many angles, that you might imagine an account of the events of a single month in Belfast thirty years ago could no longer have the capacity to shock.
But the story of the deadly events of March 1988, pieced together skillfully and dispassionately by filmmaker Vanessa Engle in The Funeral Murders (BBC2, Monday, 9pm), loses none of its impact in the retelling.
It is hard to remember now that there was ever a time before the era of the rolling news cycle, when every citizen with a phone can become an instant photojournalist running their own live broadcast. And yet this film takes place in the spring of 1988, long before smartphones or 24-hour news channels.
So it's all the more remarkable how much of the events of those bloody days in the spring of 1988 was captured on either news cameras or the army's 10-inch hele-tele. The resulting footage is so dramatic that at times you have to remind yourself you're not watching a reconstruction.
The chain of events recounted here began when three unarmed IRA members on a mission to Gibraltar were shot dead in the street by the SAS on March 6th, 1988.
Tensions in the days that followed ran to boiling point, and the British security forces made the decision to stay away from the triple funeral.
But as the bodies were being lowered into the ground, loyalist Michael Stone launched their own assault, indiscriminately lobbing hand grenades into the crowds of mourners, killing three people and injuring sixty.
The crowd surged after them as they fled, and surrounded him. “If a British soldier had done that, he'd probably be awarded for bravery,” says former soldier George Higgins.
One of those killed by Stone – the only IRA member among the three victims – was Caoimhín Mac Brádaigh, or Kevin Brady, whose funeral took place on March 19th.
Gerry Adams describs how, during their funeral, a car came “very, very fast”, and reversed towards the cortege. Its path was blocked, and instantly, it was overrun by mourners.
They were “swarming on the car like ants. It was very animalistic,” says the daughter of one uninvolved Catholic woman who happened to be passing that day. The unmarked car's two occupants – British army corporals Derek Wood and David Howes – were pulled out and savagely attacked: stripped, kicked in the head, beaten, stabbed, thrown over a wall “like a sack of spuds”.
George Higgins says it was like watching “hyenas” who had “got their kill and they were just ripping it apart”.
The Funeral Murders is an outstanding film, though not because of the questions it lays to rest. Getting at any definitive truth here is, like so much of what happened during the Troubles, swimming through molasses with your arms strapped behind your back.
Most of the key questions remain unanswered: why did the British security forces stay away from the Gibraltar funeral? Was their absence evidence of collusion? What were Wood and Howes doing at Brady's funeral?
Engle makes the decision to allow what they call the “battle of the narratives” to play out, striving for balance by allowing voices from both sides to be heard, and skillfully coaxing honest – startlingly so – accounts from eyewitnesses, some of whom have never spoken about the events before. What emerges is a chilling account of a bleak chapter in our history that we can't afford to forget, no matter how much we'd like to.
Republican Sean Murray sums Engle's approach up in a couple of lines that are, arguably, a good primer for any exploration of the conflict: “You don't believe anyone. You listen to all perspectives, and try and understand them. None of them are right in their own merits, and they're all right in their own merits.”
THE Supreme Court (SC) has ordered the Commission on Elections (Comelec) to comment on the petition filed by San Juan City Mayor Guia Gomez seeking to stop the holding of a poll recall.
The petition for an election recall was filed by former vice mayor Francis Zamora.
The high court issued the order at the end of its summer session in Baguio City on Tuesday.
Theodore Te, court spokesperson, said the magistrates gave Comelec and private respondents Sophia Patricia Gil, Raymond Alzona and Jun Paul Aquino five days to submit their comments on Gomez's petition.
In their 52-page petition for certiorari, Gomez said the Comelec en banc erred when it approved the recall petition despite a lack of quorums.
Those who voted in favor of the recall petition were Commissioners Al Parreño and Louie Guia. Commissioner Rowena Guanzon dissented while Commissioner Shariff Abbas took no part.
Gomez said at least four commissioners should have voted for the holding of a poll recall.
They also claimed that the list of signatories in the recall petition was defective.
Andrew Mitchell found the net against their former club as Glenavon offered a glimpse of the club's bright attacking future in a well-earned 3-0 win over Dungannon Swifts.
Mitchell kicked off the Tennent's Irish Cup scoring in the sixth-round derby date and formed a promising partnership with strike partner Stephen Murray as the latter doubled the lead ahead of Marc Griffin's late third.
Dungannon Swifts manager Rodney McAree. Pic by INPHO.
Mitchell displayed clever control and a composed finish inside the box to cap a teasing cross by the tireless Murray on 44 minutes.
The Swifts finished with 10 men as Mark Patton's return to Mourneview Park was cut short on 54 minutes for a straight red card following their challenge on former Glenavon team-mate James Singleton.
Murray made it 2-0 against 10 men as Mark Sykes won back possession and sparked a swift Glenavon break which ended with the striker drilling home a shot via a deflection off the diving Chris Hegarty.
It was 3-0 in the closing stage off Griffin to cement Glenavon's control and a spot in the quarter-finals.
Stuart Addis produced a string of first-half saves to restrict Glenavon's reward for some slick attacking play.
Their highlight - within numerous smart stops by the Swifts number one - arrived with a dive to the left to push out Sammy Clingan's penalty attempt after a foul on Sykes by Douglas Wilson.
Glenavon enjoyed early success from balls over the top to put the Swifts on the backfoot and one Mitchell lob dropped just wide.
Mitchell then had the ball in the net but the offside flag left the striker frustrated.
Joel Cooper's teasing cross also found Mitchell in time and space but their drive was pushed away by Addis' strong hands.
Glenavon then suffered frustration twice in quick succession as Murray's effort was blocked then Addis dropped low to deny Mitchell.
Andy Hall's corner-kick was then smashed towards the target from inside the crowded penalty area by Murray but, once again, Addis was on hand.
And a late stop by Addis prevented Glenavon from entering the interval on top by two goals as Bobby Burns' free-kick from deep was attacked by both Singleton and Seanan Clucas and diverted towards the target.
Andrew Doyle's absence due to a back injury forced Glenavon into a defensive reshuffle that moved Singleton into the centre of the defence and Burns dropping to left-back but the Swifts struggled to place the revamped backline under pressure.
One penalty shout by the visitors was waved away as January signing Daniel Hughes felt they had been fouled in the penalty area following clever passing from Wilson, Cormac Burke and Grant Hutchinson.
A Wilson snapshot on the volley offered Jonny Tuffey a comfortable save before the break.
The Swifts proved more competitive across the early exchanges of the second half but Glenavon carved out a great opening when Cooper attacked at pace then slipped a pass to Mitchell on the left-hand edge of the box.
Their drilled cross across the face of goal proved just behind the diving Murray.
However, Murray grabbed the goal deserving of their overall contribution when, on 68 minutes, Glenavon took full advantage of the numerical advantage to double the lead.
Substitute Griffin added to the Glenavon gap with a close-range finish just six minutes after stepping off the sidelines. The striker was on hand to slot home after Addis got their glove to Cooper's low drive.
GLENAVON: Tuffey, Burns, Cooper, Murray (Griffin, 85), Marshall, Mitchell, Hall (Foley, 85), Sykes, Clingan (McGrory, 85), Marron, Singleton.
SUBS (NOT USED): Taylor, McCavitt, Hamilton, Lindsay.
DUNGANNON SWIFTS: Addis, Hegarty, Wilson (Coyle, 68), O'Rourke, Mayse, Patton, Clucas, Hutchinson (Fitzpatrick, 30), Lowe, Hughes, Burke (McElroy, 55).
SUBS (NOT USED)(: Armstrong, Harpur, Coleman, Teggart.
Referee: Arnold Hunter.
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
April 13 HyAS&Co. Inc
* Says it completed the off-floor distribution of shares on April 13
* Says 38,000 shares of its common stock were sold at the price of 1,540 yen per share
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/y1zwI7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Force India Formula One driver Sergio Perez of Mexico drives during the third practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Williams Formula One driver Lance Stroll of Canada drives during the third practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Toro Rosso Formula One driver Daniil Kvyat of Russia drives during the third practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Red Bull Formula One driver Daniel Ricciardo of Australia drives during the third practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland drives during the third practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland, Ferrari Formula One drivers Sebastian Vettel of Germany and Kimi Raikkonen of Finland wave after qualifying session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain drives during the third practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany drives during the third practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany drives during the third practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
SOCHI, Russia Formula One frontrunner Sebastian Vettel stunned Mercedes to take Ferrari's first pole position since 2015 on Saturday with teammate Kimi Raikkonen completing a front row lockout at the Russian Grand Prix.
The pole, Vettel's 47th, ended a run of 18 in a row for once-dominant world champions Mercedes, who had Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton right behind the two red cars in third and fourth places.
The German, a four-times world champion with Red Bull, has won two of the first three races and leads triple champion Hamilton by seven points in the championship.
As a measure of Ferrari's achievement in breaking the Mercedes stranglehold and returning to form, the pole was only the Italian team's sixth since 2008.
It was also Ferrari's first front row sweep since Brazilian Felipe Massa, now with Williams, and Raikkonen qualified first and second at the French Grand Prix -- a race no longer on the calendar -- in June 2008.
Statisticians would have to thumb back to the 2015 Singapore Grand Prix, 31 races ago, to find the last time Mercedes had no car on the front row.
"The first run was not really tidy, so I left it to the end, and I improved some time in the last sector," said Vettel, who had to wait before confirmation came over the radio that Mercedes were beaten.
"I immediately opened the radio 'tell me about the others, tell me about the others!'," they said. "When I got the message we got it I was over the moon. The car was phenomenal this afternoon."
Bottas was fastest in the first two phases of qualifying, with the choice of tyres coming into play, and those who had suspected the champions were hiding their pace in practise appeared to be justified.
But that too was a false dawn, with glum looks and shaking heads in the Mercedes garage as the reality of the situation emerged.
"I just wasn't quick enough today, it was all in the last sector... so there's some work to do," said Hamilton, who had racked up six poles in a row before Bottas took their career first in Bahrain two weeks ago.
"Ferrari are quickest in qualifying and generally in race trim, so it will be interesting to see where we stand tomorrow," added the Briton.
Bottas, who has yet to win a grand prix and joined from Williams in January, recognised Mercedes had expected far more from a circuit where they have led every lap since the race first appeared on the calendar in 2014.
"For sure they have a very good car and we are struggling to compete with them," they said of Ferrari.
"Personally, and as a team, coming into this weekend probably we were thinking that it's going to be better than Bahrain. So far it's turned out to be not so good and Ferrari seems to be doing something better here than us.
"So for sure it's disappointing for us not to be on pole," added the Finn.
Australian Daniel Ricciardo qualified fifth with Massa sixth and between the two Red Bulls with Max Verstappen behind in seventh.
Renault, who have struggled to score points, again had a car in the top 10 on the grid with Germany's Nico Hulkenberg qualifying eighth.
Hulkenberg's British teammate Jolyon Palmer compounded a miserable day, after an overnight chassis change and then a replacement engine, by crashing out of the first phase.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
April 13 FIH Group Plc:
* update on possible offer for FIH Group Plc
* in regard to the Dolphin Fund request it is relevant that ordinance being referred to in that letter is in process of being revised
* takeover panel have confirmed that no extension of timetable is possible without consent of fih
* Dolphin has decided not to proceed with an offer for FIH at this time Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 10 U.S. stocks ended a choppy session up slightly on Monday as gains in energy shares offset losses in financials ahead of bank quarterly earnings this week.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 1.92 points, or 0.01 percent, to 20,658.02, the S&P 500 gained 1.62 points, or 0.07 percent, to 2,357.16 and the Nasdaq Composite added 3.11 points, or 0.05 percent, to 5,880.93. (Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
* Areva confident about foundry's summer restart
* Wants foundry to make the largest nuclear components
* Upgrade of Creusot foundry will take further year (Adds Fontana comments on Creusot upgrade, Hinkley Point)
By Geert De Clercq
PARIS, March 30 Areva's nuclear foundry, under investigation for forging documents, should be able to restart by this summer and will be upgraded to make the largest nuclear components, a top company executive said on Thursday.
Commercial production at the French state-owned nuclear group's Creusot Forge foundry was halted late last year following the discovery of manufacturing flaws and the falsification of tracking documentation.
French nuclear regulator ASN has ordered Areva to make a long list of improvements before it will consider allowing the plant to restart, and a top ASN executive has told Reuters that Creusot Forge's equipment is poorly suited to making the huge components for today's nuclear industry.
Bernard Fontana, director of Areva's reactor unit Areva NP, told reporters on Thursday the company would not only ensure the foundry's procedures and quality were raised to the highest standards, but it would also invest so the plant can make the biggest nuclear components, such as reactor containment vessels.
"We accept with humility that we need to improve our procedures ... we are confident that we will be the world benchmark (in nuclear foundries)," Fontana said.
"We are aiming to be ready by summer," they added.
Fontana said Areva NP was investing 8 million euros ($8.6 million) in Le Creusot to be able to produce the largest nuclear components, which were previously subcontracted to other foundries such as Japan Steel Works.
"We want to be able to manufacture the entire range of components, including the very largest," they said, adding this upgrade would take an extra year.
Fontana said Areva would in the coming days answer a Jan. 31 letter from ASN that ordered it to specify how it would address shortcomings at the foundry.
"We have put forward an improvement plan for Le Creusot with a number of milestones in terms of technology, organisation and culture ... these integrate the comments we have received from the ASN and other regulators," they said.
They also said the use of corrector fluid at the plant - which was raised by British regulator ONR - had been limited to staff rota sheets.
Fontana added the rate of accidents involving production halts was now just a quarter of what it was 12 months ago.
Asked whether Creusot Forge would manufacture containment vessels for the two Areva-designed EPR reactors that utility EDF plans to build in Hinkley Point, Britain, Fontana said Areva had the supply contract, but could do it in-house or subcontract it.
"Today, back-up schemes are in place. We will be able to do it, but in the end the customer will decide," they said.
Areva is in the process of selling Areva NP - which designs, makes and services nuclear reactors - to EDF as part of a government-led restructuring and recapitalisation after its equity was wiped out by years of losses. The deal is set to be finalised in the second half of this year. ($1 = 0.9315 euros) (Reporting by Geert De Clercq; Editing by Adrian Croft and Mark Potter)
Qatari businesses find new suppliers after Gulf boycott
DOHA, June 14 The sanctions imposed by Saudi Arabia and other Arab states on Qatar have been a blessing for Mohammed Kuwari and their al-Rawa brand of yoghurt. With competing Saudi products off the shelves, their business is booming.
People attend a product unveiling event of the Japanese mobile communications company NTT Docomo in Tokyo, Japan, May 11, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
NEW DELHI The Delhi High Court has approved a settlement of the $1.18 billion dispute between Tata Sons and NTT DoCoMo, allowing the Indian firm to buy out the Japanese firm's stake in the telecoms joint venture, TV news channels reported on Friday.
India's central bank had blocked Tata's offer, saying a rule change in 2016 prevented foreign investors from selling stakes in Indian firms at a pre-determined price.
DoCoMo entered India in 2009 with an investment of nearly $2.2 billion in Tata group's telecoms arm Tata Teleservices for a 26.5 percent stake in the venture. Competition and a low subscriber base forced DoCoMo to rethink its strategy and it decided to get out of India in 2014.
Under the terms of the deal, in the event of an exit, DoCoMo was guaranteed the highest of either half its original investment, or its fair value.
Tata was unable to find a buyer for the Japanese firm's stake and offered to buy the stake itself for half of DoCoMo's investment.
(Reporting by Nidhi Verma; Editing by Douglas Busvine)
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
April 12 National Grid Plc:
* Update on timing impacts for fiscal year 2016/17
* Updates its 2016/17 technical guidance for timing impacts ahead of entering closed period on 18 april 2017.
* Group expects headline full-year results to reflect higher favourable timing in both its uk and us businesses
* Over-Recoveries primarily relate to out-turn electricity and gas volumes being different to anticipated volumes (e.g. Due to weather)
* Additionally, us over-recoveries also benefit from mandated state level collections.
* Net benefit to earnings per share in 2016/17 from timing is now expected to be approximately 5p higher than previously estimated
* Timing has no impact on long-term performance and this incremental benefit will be returned to customers in future years. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
FRANKFURT Efforts by German automotive interiors maker Grammer to dilute the influence of Bosnian activist investor Hastor were dealt a blow after the group blocked China's Ningbo Jifeng Auto Parts Co Ltd. from gaining a 9.2 percent voting stake.
The Hastor Group was granted an injunction to block Ningbo Jifeng from exercising a convertible bond ahead of Grammer's annual shareholder meeting on May 24, a Grammer spokesperson said on Monday.
"We have appealed the injunction," a Grammer spokesperson said.
Bosnia's Hastor family, which owns a stake of at least 20 percent stake in Grammer, has criticised Grammer's management and campaigned for seats on the board of directors. Grammer's management have sought to rebuff Hastor's requests.
The rising influence of the Bosnian group has raised some concerns among Grammer's largest customers, German carmakers, after a dispute between the Hastor family and Volkswagen escalated, resulting in stoppages of VW's Golf assembly line.
Volkswagen accounts for 35 percent of sales at Grammer's automotive business.
Grammer management had hoped to bring Ningbo Jifeng on board as a "white knight."
In February Ningbo subscribed to a 60 million euro mandatory convertible bonds representing approximately 9.2 percent of Grammer's share capital.
The Hastor family's investment vehicle, Cascade International Investment GmbH, holds about half the Hastors' stake in Grammer.
The other half is owned by Halog, another investment vehicle. Both are controlled by Damir and Kenan Hastor, who are listed by Forbes as the richest Bosnians.
(Reporting by Alexander Huebner and Edward Taylor, editing by Louise Heavens)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PARIS A second police officer has died from wounds received when they were shot by an attacker in central Paris on Thursday evening, a police source said.
Police said a search was underway at the home east of Paris of an attacker who was shot dead after opening fire on police on the Champs-Elysees, killing one police officer immediately and wounding another.
(Reporting by John Irish; Editing By Richard Balmforth)
Future Market Insights delivers key insights on the global retread tires market in its latest report titled ‘Retread Tires Market: Global Industry Analysis (2013 – 2017) and Opportunity Assessment 2018 –2028.' The long-term outlook of the global retread tires market remains positive and the market value is expected to increase at a CAGR of 4.6% during the forecast period (2018 – 2028). Among the end use segments of the retread tires market, the heavy commercial vehicles segment is expected to expand with a significant CAGR in terms of value as well as volume over the forecast period. The global sales of retread tires is estimated to be valued at US$ 8,684.9 Mn by the end of 2018. The China retread tires market is estimated to account for a value share of 29.6% in the global retread tires market by 2018 end and is anticipated to retain its dominance throughout the forecast period. In this report, Future Market Insights throws light on the drivers and restraints likely to impact revenue growth of the retread tires market during this period.
Increasing Automotive Production and Vehicle Parc to Drive Market Revenue Growth
Sales of retread tires is directly related to vehicle parc and vehicle production. Despite unstable economic conditions in the market in the recent past, the global automotive industry has witnessed satisfactory growth. Automotive production is anticipated to increase with a modest CAGR of 3%–3.5% during the forecast period. Automotive production is expected to be higher in emerging economies as compared to that in developed economies. This can mainly be attributed to increasing urbanisation and stable economic conditions in these regions. During the forecast period, the fleet on road is also expected to rise with a modest CAGR, thereby providing marginal opportunities for the growth of the retread tires market over the forecast period.
A sample of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3657
Global Retread Tires Market: Segmentation Analysis
The global retread tires market can be segmented on the basis of vehicle type into passenger car, light commercial vehicle, heavy commercial vehicle and off road vehicle. On the basis of vehicle type, the heavy commercial vehicle segment is anticipated to continue to dominate the global market in terms of value over the forecast period. The demand for retread tires in heavy commercial vehicles is estimated to grow at a relatively high CAGR as compared to other vehicle types over the forecast period. This segment is expected to represent a total incremental opportunity of US$ 2,228.1 Mn between 2018 and 2028.
Global Retread Tires Market: Regional Market Projections
The China retread tires market is expected to represent a significantly high incremental opportunity between 2018 and 2028, while the South East Asia & Pacific retread tires market is projected to expand at a significant CAGR in terms of volume over the forecast period. Sales of retread tires in South East Asia & Pacific is expected to represent a total incremental opportunity of US$ 469.6 Mn between 2018 and 2028.
Global Retread Tires Market: Vendor Landscape
The report highlights some of the top companies operating in the global retread tires market such as Bridgestone Corporation, The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Marangoni S.p.A., MICHELIN, MRF Tyres JK Tyres, Easters Treads, Nokian Tyres plc, Kraiburg Austria Gmbh & Co.Kg, Pilipinas Kai Rubber Corporation.
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
ZURICH Brazil have become the first team to qualify for the 2018 World Cup, maintaining their proud record as the tournament's only ever-present side with a little help from Lionel Messi's foul mouth and lightly-regarded Peru.
The five-times champions beat Paraguay 3-0 on Tuesday for their eighth successive win in the South American qualifying competition.
That in itself was not enough to confirm their participation in Russia but Peru's surprise 2-1 win over Uruguay in a later game guaranteed Brazil a top-four finish.
With four rounds of fixtures remaining, Brazil have 33 points, followed by Colombia (24), Uruguay and Chile (23). Argentina (22) are currently in fifth place, which earns a two-legged playoff against the top-ranked Oceania region side.
Uruguay and Argentina still have to face each other which means it is impossible for both to overtake Brazil.
Argentina dropped down the standings after losing 2-0 away to Bolivia at high altitude in La Paz, weakened by the absence of Messi as they began a four-match suspension.
The five-times world player of the year was banned less than six hours before kickoff for swearing at a linesman in the previous match, a 1-0 win over Chile.
They will now only be available for the last of Argentina's games, a potentially key match in Ecuador.
Russia are guaranteed a place as hosts.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne; Editing by John O'Brien)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
A major fire was Monday afternoon averted in the Water Street, Kingston compound of the Guyana Power and Light Inc. as a result of quick action by staff of Power Producers and Distributors Inc; backed up by support from the Guyana Fire Service, officials said.
firefighters were investigating that the fire started when a man was welding a truck. That now destroyed vehicle was located a very short distance from a huge fuel tank.
Officials of PPDI, which supply electricity to GPL for transmission to customers, said electricity supply was not disrupted during the fire and that was not likely to occur in the aftermath of the blaze that occurred in the yard just south of Barrack Street.
Fire Chief, Marlon Gentle told reporters that the “response drill” was activated and so five fire tenders and a foam-laden vehicle were deployed to the scene. “When they got here, they encountered a truck on fire and the fire had already spread to a holding area that container that contained Bunker C fuel or some type of fuel. We were able to contain the fire, using our resources as well as the in-house fire fighting resources of the company,” they said.
A full-damage assessment, they said, would be conducted after all the pipes and other areas have been cooled. Gentle praised the fire fighting response, calling it “robust” and testimony to the periodic drills that are carried out at such facilities. “Definitely, this was not a rehearsal but we were able to do a proper response, a timely response at this facility,” they said.
The Fire Chief explained that foam was used because of the combination of fire hazards in a small space- fuel, generators, plastics, rubbers and insulations. “It's a combination of different types of hazards that have to have a different type of intervention. That's why we are using high-expansion foams that cools and also smothers the fire and it's also good for hydrocarbons,” they said.
A senior PPDI official referred all queries about power generation to the GPL.
Sources indicated that GPL's fire fighting equipment were locked and could not have been accessed readily, and instead the first response came from PPDI staff.
At one stage, the security guard at the gate was unaware of a fire at the facility behind the old now defunct Guyana Electricity Corporation generation facility.
NEW YORK Provocative documentary maker Michael Moore is bringing politics to Broadway with a one-man show billed as "guaranteed to take audiences on a ride through the United States of Insanity."
Producers said on Monday that Moore, the Oscar-winning maker of thought-provoking films on guns, the war in Iraq and the U.S. healthcare system, will make their Broadway debut in July with "The Terms of My Surrender."
The 12-week limited run will see the liberal Moore, 63, use their satirical humor to target Washington politics and U.S. President Donald Trump.
"So, the question is posed: 'Can a Broadway show take down a sitting president?' Well, it's time to find out," said the release announcing the show.
Moore, a vocal critic of Trump, won an Oscar in 2003 for their gun violence documentary "Bowling for Columbine," and was nominated for an Oscar in 2008 for "Sicko," an indictment of the U.S. healthcare industry.
 They are also the author of best-selling books including "Stupid White Men" and "Here Comes Trouble."
In October, three weeks before the 2016 presidential elections, they released the anti-Trump documentary film "Michael Moore in Trumpland."
Tickets for "The Terms of My Surrender," beginning July 28, go on sale on Monday.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant, editing by G Crosse)
São Paulo, April 13 Bank of America Merrill Lynch tapped Eduardo Alcalay, currently the head of private equity at GP Investimentos Ltda, as its new Brazil chief executive officer, the bank said in a statement on Thursday.
Alcalay will replace Rodrigo Xavier, who will pursue "an academic opportunity" at Stanford University, after a transition period ending in late July, the statement added. (Reporting by Bruno Federowski and Silvio Cascione; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
April 28 Standard Alliance Insurance Plc :
* Says received approval from National Insurance Commission (NAICOM) to operate as composite insurance company
* Says with composite status, Standard Alliance Insurance plc can now underwrite both life and non-life insurance risks Source: bit.ly/2qeNnX8 Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Via |
Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott said Friday evening that they are disappointed by the NFL's decision to suspend them six games for violating the personal conduct policy, and they apologized for the off-field distraction their saga has become.
pic.twitter.com/NYTawLdplN— Ezekiel Elliott (@EzekielElliott) August 12, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The suspension comes as a result of an investigation that started more than a year ago after an ex-girlfriend accused Elliott of domestic violence in Columbus, Ohio. The Columbus City Attorney's office announced in September that it would not pursue charges against Elliott because of “conflicting and inconsistent information,” but the NFL can penalize a player even without legal charges. Finish this story [here]
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
The LeSee Pro electric concept vehicle by LeEco is displayed during the 2017 CES in Las Vegas, Nevada January 5, 2017. REUTERS/Steve Marcus
TAIPEI/HONG KONG Chinese tech conglomerate LeEco is in talks to sell a prized property asset in the heart of Beijing it acquired in a $420 million deal last year, the latest effort by the electric car-to-smartphone behemoth to raise funds amid a severe cash crunch.
The company plans to sell either all or a majority of its Shimao Gongsan retail property in a popular area on the east side of Beijing by divesting from two firms it owns, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said. LeEco has been in talks with potential investors for some months now, the first person said.
Reuters could not immediately ascertain the identity of the potential investors or the likely deal price, but one of the people said the discussions are in an advanced stage and the price likely will be higher than what LeEco paid for it.
LeEco, centered around a Netflix-like video platform operated by its listed unit, has been one of China's boldest tech firms, ambitiously pushing into the U.S. market and looking to take on Elon Musk's Tesla Motors (TSLA.O) in high-end electric vehicles.
The firm's widespread, however, led its billionaire founder and Chief Executive Jia Yueting to admit in November that it was facing "big company disease" and battling a cash crunch after expanding too fast.
The firm is now reining in its spending, looking to sell property in the United States and scrapping this month a $2 billion deal to acquire U.S. TV maker Vizio.
The two people said LeEco hoped to sell the 50,000 square meter Beijing property in the Sanlitun district by divesting from two firms it owns - Beijing Fortune Times Property Co Ltd and Beijing Baiding New Century Business Management Co Ltd.
LeEco bought the firms, which control the property, for a combined 2.92 billion yuan ($424.15 million) in May last year from Shimao Property Holdings Ltd (0813.HK).
The planned sale would free up funds to allow LeEco to revert focus to its core businesses, particularly its smartphones, TV, LeSports unit, and auto segments, the two people said.
LeEco declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.
BACK TO THE CORE
CEO Jia has pledged to pay more attention to the listed business, Leshi Internet Technology & Information (300104.SZ), which operates entertainment platform LeTV, and would look to integrate other parts of the business into that unit.
The second person said the plans to sell the Beijing property were "part of rationalizing the core businesses". Both sources asked not to be named as they were not authorized to speak publicly on the matter.
LeEco has investments from sports rights to taxi hailing platform Yidao Yongche as well as business units focused on smartphones, online entertainment to household appliances.
Earlier this week Yidao's founder Zhou Hang said they had left their managerial role of the ride-hailing unit and alleged LeEco, which owns a 70 percent stake in Yidao, had "misappropriated" 1.3 billion yuan ($188.84 million) of Yidao's funds to cover its debts. LeEco later denied the allegation in a statement.
In February LeEco's sports unit also lost the television rights to the Asian Football Confederation matches, after reports that it had fallen behind on payments. The firm said then it had "let down" its users.
The second person said the firm would still look to expand internationally, but would do so with "more discipline".
LeEco has also cut staff in China, the United States and India. Local media said it was scaling back plans in Russia.
Trading in shares of the listed unit, which posted a 3 percent drop in 2016 net profit on Wednesday, is currently halted.
(Reporting by Jess Macy Yu in TAIPEI and Julie Zhu in HONG KONG; Editing by Adam Jourdan and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Motor racing-Soccer injury rules Di Grassi out of Le Mans
June 14 Formula E title contender Lucas di Grassi has been ruled out of this weekend's Le Mans 24 Hours sportscar race after breaking an ankle while playing a game of soccer.
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70), front, leads the Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer USS Michael Murphy (DDG 112 and the Ticonderoga-class guided-missile cruiser USS Lake Champlain (CG 57), in the Indian ocean April 14, 2017. U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Danny Kelley/Handout via REUTERS
The U.S. aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson transits the Sunda Strait, Indonesia on April 15, 2017. Picture taken on April 15, 2017. Sean M. Castellano/Courtesy U.S. Navy/Handout via REUTERS
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) transits the South China Sea, April 8, 2017. Photo taken April 8, 2017. U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matt Brown/Handout via Reuters
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson attends a news conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov following their talks in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump praised Chinese efforts to rein in "the menace of North Korea" on Thursday, after North Korean state media warned the United States of a "super-mighty preemptive strike."
Trump told a news conference "some very unusual moves have been made over the last two or three hours," and that they were confident Chinese President Xi Jinping would "try very hard" to pressure Beijing's ally and neighbour North Korea over its nuclear and missile programs.
While Trump gave no indication of what the moves might be, U.S. officials told Reuters that the United States was aware of a higher-than-usual level of activity by Chinese bombers, signalling a possible heightened state of readiness. The officials played down concerns and left open a range of possible reasons.
Those possibilities included defensive exercises or Chinese concerns over North Korea. None of the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, suggested alarm or signalled that they knew the precise reason for such Chinese activity.
U.S. officials have been saying for weeks that North Korea could soon stage another nuclear bomb test, something both the United States and China have both warned against.
Trump has taken a hard line with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who has proceeded with nuclear and missile programmes in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions.
The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with North Korea because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty.
Tensions have risen sharply in recent months after North Korea conducted two nuclear weapons tests last year and carried out a steady stream of ballistic missile tests. Trump, who took office in January, has vowed to prevent North Korea from being able to hit the United States with a nuclear missile.
Trump has focused their efforts on North Korea on trying to persuade China to put more pressure on its ally and could view any unusual Chinese military movements as supportive of this.
They told a news conference with the visiting prime minister of Italy on Thursday that the United States was "in very good shape" on North Korea and that China's Xi, whom they met this month for a summit in Florida, was working hard to help.
"We don't know whether or not they're able to do that, but I have absolute confidence that they will be trying very very hard."
Trump repeated a past comment that they had told Xi in Florida that China would make much better deal on trade with the United States "if you get rid of this menace or do something about this menace of North Korea."
'SUPER-MIGHTY PREEMPTIVE STRIKE'
The Rodong Sinmun, the official newspaper of North Korea's ruling Workers' Party, struck an aggressive tone earlier on Thursday.
"In the case of our super-mighty preemptive strike being launched, it will completely and immediately wipe out not only U.S. imperialists' invasion forces in South Korea and its surrounding areas but the U.S. mainland and reduce them to ashes," it said.
Reclusive North Korea regularly threatens to destroy Japan, South Korea and the United States and has shown no let-up in its belligerence after a failed missile test on Sunday, which followed a huge display of missiles at a parade in Pyongyang.
South Korean news agency Yonhap quoted an unnamed South Korean government source as saying that the U.S. Air Force had dispatched a nuclear sniffer aircraft on Thursday to the east of the Korean Peninsula in anticipation of a possible nuclear test.
The U.S. Defence Department does not comment on deployments of the WC-135 Constant Phoenix aircraft used to collect samples from the atmosphere to detect and analyse nuclear explosions.
The U.N. Security Council on Thursday condemned North Korea's latest failed missile test and demanded it not conduct any more nuclear tests.
South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, at a meeting with top officials on Thursday, repeatedly called for the military and security ministries to maintain vigilance.
The South Korean defence ministry said U.S. and South Korean air forces were conducting an annual training exercise, codenamed Max Thunder, until April 28. North Korea routinely labels such exercises preparations for invasion.
"We are conducting a practical and more intensive exercise than ever," South Korean pilot Colonel Lee Bum-chul told reporters. "Through this exercise, I am sure we can deter war and remove our enemy's intention to provoke us."
William Perry, who served as U.S. defence secretary from 1994 to 1997 and negotiated with North Korea, said they did not believe Pyongyang was planning a surprise attack, despite the fiery rhetoric.
But they warned: "They are doing a lot of bluster and a lot of threats, and they might misplay that hand and blunder into a war."
(To view a graphic on 'The Carl Vinson strike group' click here)
(To view a graphic on 'Nuclear North Korea' click here)
(Additional reporting by Lesley Wroughton, David Brunnstrom and Matt Spetalnick in Washington, William James in London, Michelle Nichols at the United Nations, Idrees Ali in Riyadh, Ben Blanchard in Beijing and Kim Do-gyun in Gunsan, South Korea; Writing by Nick Macfie; Editing by Robert Birsel and Alistair Bell)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
FILE PHOTO - Winfried Kretschmann, state Premier of the German federal state of Baden-Wuerttemberg, looks on in Ludwigshafen, Germany, June 13, 2017.
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A Green party German state premier has defended the diesel technology at the center of a crisis in the country's car industry, saying it was a necessary interim solution on the way to electric cars.
Winfried Kretschmann, premier of Baden-Wuerttemberg, said diesel was a clean technology that helped reduce the carbon-dioxide emissions blamed for global warming. They said the German car industry's future must be secured.
Their remarks were published in Germany's Sueddeutsche Zeitung on Saturday, as Chancellor Angela Merkel launched a stinging attack on German auto executives, pressing them to innovate to secure jobs and win back trust.
Germany's car industry was thrown into turmoil almost two years ago when Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) admitted cheating U.S. tests of how much toxic nitrogen oxide its diesel cars emitted, leading to record fines and investigations of other carmakers.
Earlier this month, German politicians and car bosses agreed to overhaul the engine software of 5.3 million diesel cars to cut pollution and try to repair the industry's reputation, as cities threaten to impose diesel driving bans.
"Actually, we Greens are supposed to be fighting climate change, but now pollutants are the major theme. That really sets me thinking," Kretschmann told Sueddeutsche Zeitung.
Kretschmann's Baden-Wuerttemberg state is home to Mercedes, maker of Daimler, Porsche and Robert Bosch. The German car industry as a whole is the country's biggest exporter and provides about 800,000 jobs.
"We must cut pollution, we must fight climate change - for which we need clean diesel ... and we must secure the car industry in Germany, especially in Baden-Wuertemmberg," Kretschmann said.
MANILA A Filipino soldier kidnapped last week in the southern Philippines by Abu Sayyaf militants was found beheaded, the military said on Sunday, hours after government troops killed three more members of the Islamic State-linked group in a clash elsewhere.
The head of Sergeant Anni Siraji of the Army's 32nd Infantry Battalion was found 50 metres away from their body in Patikul town in Sulu, Brigadier General Cirilito Sobejana, commander of the Joint Task Force Sulu, said.
Sobejana said Siraji was probably abducted and executed because of their involvement in peace initiatives in Sulu.
"He is involved in peace efforts.  They are not actually a combatant. We are using them to engage stakeholders because they are a Tausog (like most Abu Sayyaf militants)," they said.
Earlier on Sunday, the military said government troops had killed three more Abu Sayyaf militants on the resort island of Bohol where they were hiding after a failed attempt to kidnap tourists.
The military was pursuing two or three more militants still at large in Bohol, a long way to the north of their strongholds in the far south of the predominately Christian country.
"We have reports indicating that they were also wounded and running out of supplies," Colonel Edgard Arevalo, chief of the military's public affairs office, said.
A group of about 10 militants infiltrated Bohol this month. Western countries have issued travel warnings about visiting the island.
Six of them were killed in a clash on April 11 and one last week.
Among those killed was their leader, who had been involved in the kidnap and execution of Canadian and German nationals in recent months, the Philippine military has said.
The military has been struggling to wipe out Abu Sayyaf, which originally had Muslim separatist aims but now engages mostly in banditry and piracy.
The group has been holding more than two dozen captives, most of them Vietnamese sailors, who are easy prey for militants equipped with small, fast boats.
(Reporting by Enrico dela Cruz; Editing by Robert Birsel and Jane Merriman)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Italian energy company Eni is seen at an Agip gas station in Lugano, Switzerland June 3, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
LONDON/MILAN Oil majors Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) and Eni (ENI.MI) reiterated on Monday that neither they nor their personnel had been involved in any wrongdoing in Nigeria, including improper payments to Nigerian officials.
The comments follow media reports alleging how hundreds of millions of dollars from the two companies were used for illicit payments.
A joint investigation by BuzzFeed News and Italian newspaper Il Sole 24 Ore on Sunday claims to show transactions worth $1.3 billion made in 2010-2011 that Shell and Eni paid to acquire an exploration licence for an offshore oil block known as OPL 245.
The money was paid to the Nigerian government, but BuzzFeed and Il Sole said documents showed Shell's top executives at the time knew those sums would go to Malabu Oil and Gas, a front company connected to former Nigerian oil minister Dan Etete.
Attempts by Reuters to contact Etete have been unsuccessful.
In emailed comments, an Eni spokesperson said the allegations in the reports were not supported by the facts, the underlying agreements or the independent investigations conducted to date.
"Neither Eni nor Shell paid any monies other than as contemplated and recorded by the Block Resolution Agreement and did not pay to Malabu, to Chief Dan Etete or to any public officer," the spokesperson said.
Shell said that "based on our review of the Prosecutor of Milan's file and all of the information and facts available to Shell, we do not believe that there is a basis to prosecute Shell. Furthermore, we are not aware of any evidence to support a case against any former or current Shell employee".
In an emailed statement, Shell added that if the evidence proves improper payments were made, "it is Shell's position that none of those payments were made with its knowledge, authorization or on its behalf".
Courts in Nigeria and Milan are investigating the 2011 purchase of the block, which industry figures suggest could hold more than 9 billion barrels of oil.
Italian prosecutors are working with an anti-fraud team in the Netherlands that raided Shell's The Hague headquarters in February 2016 in relation to the investigation.
A Nigerian court ordered the asset temporarily seized in January at the request of Nigeria's Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, but the seizure was later overturned.
(Reporting by Libby George and Karolin Schaps in London and Stephen Jewkes in Milan, Writing by Libby George and Francesca Landini; Editing by Dale Hudson)
LPC-Kloeckner to pay €426m dividend as part of €2bn financing
LONDON, June 14 Shareholders to German packaging company Kloeckner Pentaplast are set for a €426m dividend payout as part of the latest €2bn cross-border loan and bond deal that will also refinance existing debt and back its merger with UK peer Linpac, banking sources said.
Iowa Governor and new U.S. Ambassador to China Terry Branstad attends an event where U.S. President Donald Trump (R) signed an executive order on education at the White House in Washington, DC, U.S. April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump's nominee to be the U.S. ambassador to China took a tough line on Tuesday on China's development of "artificial islands" in the South China Sea.
"China cannot be allowed to use its artificial islands to coerce its neighbours or limit freedom of navigation or overflight," Iowa's Republican Gov. Terry Branstad said at their U.S. Senate confirmation hearing.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Them announcement also called attention to allegations of corruption (one of Cuomo's former top aides was just convicted on pay-to-play charges last week), neglect of the New York City subway system, which the governor has a big hand in, and shady deals with Republicans in Albany to give them control of the state Senate.
Anticipating the challenge, Cuomo has been flexing their political muscle and firing warning shots, especially at their bete noire, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio.
Nixon is a prominent supporter of de Blasio, and several of their top aides are involved in their campaign, leading some Cuomo allies to see Nixon as a proxy for the mayor.
Beyond show business, Nixon has been active in New York City politics, especially around public education and same-sex marriage.
Cuomo is in a strong position politically, with 66 percent of registered Democrats supporting him, compared with 19 percent for Nixon, according to a recent Siena College poll. But Nixon has room to grow, with around six-in-10 Democrats remaining undecided about them
"Nixon knows the hill is a very steep one, especially given Cuomo's massive money advantage, but Cuomo actually also has a herculean task before him," said Jonathan Tasini, a progressive activist who challenged Hillary Clinton's re-election as senator from New York in 2006, just before they launched their first presidential campaign.
"If (Cuomo) is seriously considering running for president in 2020, they can't have Nixon run up a north-of-40 percent number, which is entirely doable because the energized progressive wing has no big love for the incumbent," Tasini said.
Liberal activist Zephyr Teachout, who won nearly 35 percent of the vote against Cuomo in the 2014 Democratic primary, is Nixon's campaign treasurer.
Cuomo appears to have been taking steps to brace themselves for the challenge, running TV ads and rolling out big endorsements, even as they dismiss Nixon as a B-list celebrity.
Last week, the governor made a show of laying on the ground in Zuccotti Park, the erstwhile home of Occupy Wall Street, for a "die in" to protest gun violence.
And he's been stepping up their attacks on de Blasio, using a speech at a church Sunday to call the city's public housing "disgusting" and to compare the city's Rikers Island jail to South Africa's notorious Robben Island, where Nelson Mandela was imprisoned.
Cuomo invoked their father, former three-term New York Gov. Mario Cuomo, and said De Blasio's 10-year-plan to rebuild the prison is too slow.
"We're building a new LaGuardia Airport, it takes four years. We're building a new bridge over the Hudson River, it takes five years. They wanted to build Yankee Stadium, it took them one year," Cuomo said of de Blasio's lengthy plan to rebuild Rikers, according to the New York Daily News. "You know what it means when they say it takes them 10 years to build a jail? It's not a priority."
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results from the Motorcycling Grand Prix Austria MotoGP Qualification on Saturday 1. Marc Marquez (Spain) Honda 1:23.235 2. Andrea Dovizioso (Italy) Ducati 1:23.379 3. Jorge Lorenzo (Spain) Ducati 1:23.621 4. Maverick Vinales (Spain) Yamaha 1:23.754 5. Danilo Petrucci (Italy) Ducati 1:23.780 6. Johann Zarco (France) Yamaha 1:23.879 7. Valentino Rossi (Italy) Yamaha 1:23.982 8. Dani Pedrosa (Spain) Honda 1:23.985 9. Cal Crutchlow (Britain) Honda 1:24.024 10. Andrea Iannone (Italy) Suzuki 1:24.185
Get fully responsive email templates for your prospective clients from EmailChopper. The company specializes in designing highly attractive, informative, customized and easy to access email templates for diverse businesses as per requirement.
Contact
Andrew Husdon
01204735100
***@emailchopper.com Andrew Husdon01204735100
End
-- If you want to develop a clear and concise business email having responsive feature, then you need to adopt the services of a trusted email template designing firm. EmailChopper is a well-known name in the field of responsive email templates designing and development and holds a long clientele across the world. The company has impressive track record in designing highly responsive email templates for all businesses that help them stay in touch with global clients easily. However, the global businesses are using the company's quality responsive email template services with great zeal for their email marketing campaigns and growing their businesses worldwide.The company claims to deliver fully responsive or mobile friendly email templates for global businesses as per their requirement. We make this feasible with the aid of our talented email template designers and developers. They are master in designing completely responsive email templates for diverse businesses. Our technocrats are dedicated to build highly customized, technically sound, attractive, and fully responsive email templates that will be easy to access, view or open on the screens of mobile phones, laptops, tablets, and other internet enabled devices with ease. Thus, we ensure to give 100% satisfaction to our valued patrons by delivering them absolute quality email templates for their email marketing requirement.Our email template designers know the worth of such marketing collaterals for the online businesses. However, they design email templates in a fascinating way and make sure for their easy accessibility to the devices of small screens too. Thus, we enable global businesses to add more value to their email marketing programs by using our highly sophisticated and business oriented responsive email templates and gain maximum benefit of them for the business growth. Thus, we make all possible efforts to accomplish responsive email template projects of our clients on time at affordable charges.To make your email marketing campaign successful, you should adopt the responsive email template designing services of EmailChopper. The firm has a good foot in this arena and hold expertise in developing fully responsive, technically accurate, informative and business-centric email templates for the customers at reasonable charges.
Debra A. Jenks, Attorney, Jenks & Harvey LLP to Speak at The Knowledge Group's FINRA Arbitration and Enforcement: Current Issues in 2018 and Beyond LIVE Webcast
End
-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced today thatwill speak at The Knowledge Group's webcast entitled:This event is scheduled forhttps://www.theknowledgegroup.org/webcasts/finra-arbitration-and-enforcement-2018Ms. Jenks has over 30 years of legal experience representing financial institutions, wirehouses, independent broker-dealers, insured broker-dealers, investment professionals, officers and directors, and financial advisers in retail, industry, and employment disputes as well as in compliance and regulatory matters. They defend registered persons and entities in regulatory matters. They have represented retail and institutional investors in securities matters and arbitration.Jenks & Harvey LLP is involved in various aspects of securities arbitration and litigation, broker-dealer compliance, regulatory and enforcement defense, registration matters, and representation of registered persons in retail and employment matters.FINRA Rules and the arbitration landscape are constantly changing. FINRA members and practitioners must stay sensitive to the issues and new developments to reduce the chances of surprise awards and enforcement actions.In a LIVE Webcast, a panel of thought leaders and practitioners assembled by The Knowledge Group will discuss latest and significant issues and developments in FINRA arbitration, as well as current regulatory focus. The speakers will also provide considerations on arbitrator selection, tips for controlling costs in discovery and expert engagement, and discuss compliance issues.Key topics include:• The FINRA Arbitration Process including rule changes, arbitrator selection and expungement• Best Practices for Counsel• Current regulatory focus on:o fsbdt Commission and fee-based accountso Suitability and fiduciary dutyo Issues surrounding the elderly and retirement saverso Supervision of industry participants with disciplinary disclosureso Churningo Cybersecurity and duty to protect customer informationThe Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased, objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in a highly focused format. To contact or register for an event, please visit: http://theknowledgegroup.org/
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - French politics keeps throwing up new terrors for investors. They were already perturbed by the strong showing for Marine Le Pen in the upcoming presidential election. A late surge in support for Jean-Luc Melenchon has raised the prospect that the contest may force voters to choose between candidates from the far right and the hard left. Though that scenario remains unlikely, proponents of economic heresy could still end up with more than two-fifths of the vote in the first round on Sunday.
Le Pen and Melenchon share an antipathy for the European Union and globalisation. The National Front candidate wants to quit the euro and hold a vote on EU membership. Them far-left rival wants to leave the bloc if some of its rules can't be changed. Both have embraced protectionism, with Le Pen calling for a tax on imports and Melenchon promising a veto of international free-trade agreements.
The two also share a blasé attitude to borrowing. Melenchon's stimulus plan carries a price tag of 100 billion euros while Le Pen sees France's budget deficit jumping to 4.5 percent of GDP in 2018 if they are elected, up from an expected 2.8 percent of GDP in 2017.
Such policies are heretical to investors but increasingly appeal to French voters. Opinion polls suggest that Le Pen and Melenchon's combined share of the vote could top 40 percent in the first round on Sunday. That's a big jump from the 29 percent they scored between them in 2012.
Granted, Emmanuel Macron has a narrow lead in the polls going into the first-round vote, and would be expected to beat either Le Pen or Melenchon in the subsequent run-off. But while a win for the independent centrist would be a relief for investors, it could store up problems for the future. The pro-European Macron wants to rein in the budget deficit, cut public sector spending and jobs, and pursue economic and labour market reforms. Those policies are broadly the same ones that have been espoused by French leaders for years.
Le Pen and Melenchon currently lack the machinery to win a majority of seats in the French parliament. But the appeal of their radically different economic visions will not be lost on others. Mainstream politicians may be forced to conclude that the way to beat them is to borrow some of their ideas.
There are no active watches, warnings or advisories
Our weather team will bring you any urgent weather alerts or updates as they occur. Check our breaking news section for the latest.
**Click directly on the images below to make them larger. Charts include: Maui County high/low forecasted temperatures, projected winds, projected localized weather conditions and expected wave heights.**
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
West Side
Overnight: Mostly clear, with a low around 71. Breezy, with an east northeast wind around 20 mph, with gusts as high as 28 mph.
Tuesday: Isolated showers. Mostly sunny, with a high near 83. Windy, with an east northeast wind 21 to 25 mph, with gusts as high as 36 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday Night: Mostly clear, with a low around 70. Breezy, with an east northeast wind around 16 mph, with gusts as high as 22 mph.
ADVERTISEMENT
South Side
Overnight: Mostly clear, with a low around 70. Calm wind.
Tuesday: Isolated showers after noon. Mostly sunny, with a high near 83. Calm wind becoming west southwest around 6 mph in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday Night: Mostly clear, with a low around 69. Breezy, with an east northeast wind around 15 mph, with gusts as high as 21 mph.
North Shore
Overnight: Scattered showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 70. Breezy, with an east wind around 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tuesday: Scattered showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 82. Windy, with an east wind 22 to 24 mph, with gusts as high as 34 mph. Chance of precipitation is 40%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tuesday Night: Scattered showers, mainly after midnight. Partly cloudy, with a low around 69. Breezy, with a northeast wind around 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Central Maui
Overnight: Scattered showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 69. Northeast wind around 14 mph, with gusts as high as 18 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%.
Tuesday: Scattered showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 82. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 17 to 21 mph, with gusts as high as 29 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tuesday Night: Scattered showers, mainly after midnight. Partly cloudy, with a low around 68. Breezy, with a northeast wind around 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%.
Upcountry
Overnight: Mostly clear, with a low around 60. Southeast wind around 5 mph.
Tuesday: Scattered showers after noon. Increasing clouds, with a high near 69. Calm wind becoming west around 5 mph in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tuesday Night: Mostly clear, with a low around 58. East northeast wind around 14 mph, with gusts as high as 18 mph.
East Maui
Overnight: Showers likely. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 67. East northeast wind around 8 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tuesday: Showers likely, mainly before noon. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 80. East northeast wind around 14 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph. Chance of precipitation is 70%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tuesday Night: Scattered showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 66. Breezy, with an east northeast wind around 21 mph, with gusts as high as 29 mph. Chance of precipitation is 50%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Lanai City
Overnight: Isolated showers. Partly cloudy, with a low around 65. Breezy, with a northeast wind around 21 mph, with gusts as high as 29 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday: Isolated showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 74. Windy, with a northeast wind 21 to 24 mph, with gusts as high as 34 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday Night: Isolated showers. Partly cloudy, with a low around 63. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 17 to 20 mph, with gusts as high as 28 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Kaunakakai
Overnight: Mostly clear, with a low around 74. East northeast wind around 13 mph.
Tuesday: Isolated showers. Mostly sunny, with a high near 83. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 13 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 26 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday Night: Mostly clear, with a low around 72. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 16 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph.
Looking Ahead
Breezy trades winds will hold through midweek, then begin to weaken and shift out of the south by late Thursday as a front approaches from the northwest. Clouds and showers will continue to focus mainly over windward and mauka areas through midweek. The front is forecast to push down the island chain Friday and Friday night, then potentially stall and bring another round of wet weather through the weekend over portions of the state.
Rajasthan by poll results are out. @INCIndia with big help from Karni Sena won 3/3. Job done.
Now all those protesting dolts will go and watch Padmawat. @BJP4India need to know lot more is in basket waiting for them on run towards 2019 general election.
— Jitender (@JBHANDARI007) February 3, 2018
The Shri Rajput Karni Sena on Friday announced it has decided to take back its protest against the release of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's "Padmaavat", stating the movie glorifies the valour of the Rajputs.Shri Rashtriya Rajput Karni Sena's Mumbai leader Yogendra Singh Katar said that on the directions of organisation's national President Sukhdev Singh Gogamadi, a few members watched the movie in Mumbai on Friday, aThere is no such objectionable scene between Delhi Sultanate ruler Alauddin Khilji and Queen Padmini of Mewar which hurts the sentiments of Rajputs, they said in a letter, declaring that the Karni Sena takes back their protest and will help the administration to release the film in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat as well as across all cinema houses in India.The Karni Sena had been demanding a ban on the period film on the grounds that it "distorts" historical facts and projects queen Padmini in poor light. Last month, Supreme Court also lifted the ban on the movie imposed by several states and directed them to ensure its release.
Football Soccer - Australia vs United Arab Emirates - 2018 World Cup Qualifying Asian Zone - Group B - Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney, Australia - 28/3/17 - UAE's Omar Abdulrahman passes Australia's Mile Jedinak as they leave the pitch. REUTERS/David Gray
Football Soccer - Australia vs United Arab Emirates - 2018 World Cup Qualifying Asian Zone - Group B - Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney, Australia - 28/3/17 - UAE's Omar Abdulrahman argues with the referee at the end of the match. REUTERS/David Gray
Football Soccer - Australia vs United Arab Emirates - 2018 World Cup Qualifying Asian Zone - Group B - Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney, Australia - 28/3/17 - Australia's Mathew Leckie (C) celebrates with teammates after a goal against the UAE. REUTERS/David Gray
Australia vs United Arab Emirates - 2018 World Cup Qualifying Asian Zone - Group B - Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney, Australia - 28/3/17 - Australia's Mathew Leckie celebrates their goal with teammates against the UAE. REUTERS/Steven Saphore
SYDNEY Jackson Irvine and Mathew Leckie headed home corners as Australia got their World Cup qualifying campaign back on track with a 2-0 victory over the United Arab Emirates on Tuesday, ending a run of four successive draws.
Jackson struck in the seventh minute and Leckie added the second 12 minutes from time to send the 27,328 fans at the Sydney Football Stadium home happy despite a far from convincing display from Ange Postecoglou's side.
The win sent the Socceroos joint top of Asian qualifying Group B on 13 points from seven matches before the other group leaders, Japan and Saudi Arabia, host Thailand and Iraq respectively later on Tuesday.
The top two from the group qualify directly for next year's finals with the third-placed team offered an alternative route to Russia via two playoffs.
"It was just about remaining calm and taking our chances," said Australia skipper Mile Jedinak.
"It really helps our chances (of qualifying) but there's plenty of business to be done."
The UAE opened their campaign with a stunning win over Japan in Saitama but a fourth loss since means they are now four points behind the leading trio and clinging to slim hopes of claiming third place.
As Asian champions, Australia were favoured to grab one of the two automatic spots to reach their fourth straight World Cup but their inability to score from open play had cost them dear.
BEST START
They got the best possible start on Tuesday when James Troisi swung in the first corner of the match and Irvine got up well to head the ball off the chest of a defender and into the net.
Postecoglou stuck with the tactical switch to wing backs they introduced in last week's 1-1 draw away to Iraq and the players were still clearly struggling to find a rhythm in the unfamiliar formation.
They dominated possession but gave the ball away too frequently and the deft skills of the UAE midfielder Omar Abdulrahman were always a threat.
The Asian Player of the Year drew a brilliant save out of Australia goalkeeper Mat Ryan from a free kick in the 17th minute and was constantly probing for openings.
Despite the dominance of the hosts, the longer the match went on without a second goal, the more nervous the crowd became.
Talismanic Socceroos striker Tim Cahill came on to huge applause with 20 minutes remaining and the home side immediately looked more energetic.
Playmaker Troisi blasted a decent chance over the bar after good work down the right flank by Leckie and Irvine nearly added a second goal from another header.
Troisi swung in the ensuing corner, however, and Leckie rose above the defence to make the victory safe.
(Editing by Ken Ferris)
Nicola Sturgeon has vowed to "stand up for Scotland" following Theresa May's shock announcement that a general election will be held on 8 June, and said it could reinforce their plans for another independence referendum. In a tweet shortly after the prime minister's announcement on Tuesday morning, Scotland's first minister said that May was trying to "force through a hard Brexit", "impose deeper cuts", and "move the UK to the right".
The Tories see a chance to move the UK to the right, force through a hard Brexit and impose deeper cuts. Let's stand up for Scotland. #GE17
In a later statement, they called May's announcement "one of the most extraordinary U-turns in recent political history" and accused the prime minister of putting the "interests of their party ahead of those of the country". “She is clearly betting that the Tories can win a bigger majority in England given the utter disarray in the Labour party," said the first minister. “This will be – more than ever before – an election about standing up for Scotland, in the face of a right-wing, austerity-obsessed Tory government with no mandate in Scotland but which now thinks it can do whatever it wants and get away with it." Sturgeon had been due to set out in the near future how they would advance their plans for a second referendum on independence. On the topic of another vote, they said: “In terms of Scotland, this move is a huge political miscalculation by the prime minister. “It will once again give people the opportunity to reject the Tories' narrow, divisive agenda, as well as reinforcing the democratic mandate which already exists for giving the people of Scotland a choice on their future. “The SNP will always put the people of Scotland first – and between now and June 8th we will work harder than ever to retain the trust of the people,” they said.
In the 2015 general election, the SNP won 56 seats and the Lib Dems, Conservatives, and Labour won a seat each in Scotland. Since 2015, two SNP MPs have become independent MPs due to legal complications. Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson said their party is "optimistic" about increasing its number of seats in June's election, and that they will use the campaign to argue against a second independence referendum. "In Scotland, we will have a clear election message – only a vote for the Scottish Conservatives will ensure we get the strong leadership we need to get the best Brexit deal for the whole country," said Davidson. “And only a vote for the Scottish Conservatives will send a strong message that we oppose SNP's divisive plan for a second referendum." Davidson added: “The choice is simple: It's between a strong government led by Theresa May working to get the best Brexit deal, or a weak Labour government, led by Jeremy Corbyn, which cannot stand up to the SNP."
Scottish Labour's only MP, Ian Murray, told BuzzFeed News that they would be defending their seat on their "proud record" and not on "constitutional nonsense", adding: "We said at the last general election that a Tory government would be bad for the country and that is what has happened. "I'll be fighting my seat on my proud record of local service and be clearly saying we must stop all this constitutional nonsense for the sake of the people we represent." The leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrats, Willie Rennie, said their party would "relish" the chance of a general election to argue that Scotland should stay in the UK and that the UK should stay in the European single market. “At this election we will stand proud for a United Kingdom within the European single market," said Rennie. “We will avoid a disastrous hard Brexit and keep Britain united – Liberal Democrats are only party that can stop a Conservative majority across the UK. “If people want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is the chance.”
* Chess world in grip of power struggle
* Current president says there was attempt to oust them
* Says he's staying put and may even seek re-election
By Andrew Osborn
MOSCOW, March 29 The president of world chess's governing body said on Wednesday that an attempted "revolution" to oust them by falsely announcing their resignation had failed, and that they would serve out their full term and might even stand for re-election.
Russia's Kirsan Ilyumzhinov -- a millionaire business person and ex-politician who once said they had been abducted by aliens -- has headed FIDE, chess's governing body, for the last 22 years, flying around the world to promote chess.
But since Monday, after a weekend meeting in Greece of FIDE's presidential board, Ilyumzhinov has been embroiled in a surreal power struggle with their organisation's secretariat.
A statement announcing they had resigned appeared on FIDE's website on Monday. A letter from Ilyumzhinov saying that was "untrue" appeared on the same site on Tuesday along with a separate letter from Nigel Freeman, FIDE's executive director, contradicting them and saying they had repeatedly declared they were quitting.
Chess and politics are no strangers. Cold War rivalry gave a special edge to the 1972 world championship, in which American Bobby Fischer beat Russian Boris Spassky, and the 1978 contest between Anatoly Karpov and Viktor Korchnoi pitted the golden boy of Soviet chess against a dissident who defected to the West.
In the 1990s, FIDE witnessed a major rebellion when then-champion Garry Kasparov accused it of corruption and set up a breakaway body. But even by FIDE standards, the current machinations are unusual.
Ilyumzhinov, 54, who has in the past beaten chess greats such as Karpov and Kasparov to win a slew of FIDE presidential elections, told a news conference in Moscow they had defeated an attempt at political intriguing and remained in charge of world chess.
"I didn't sign any resignation announcement or hand one over. I'm the current president," they said, adding that the matter of their possible resignation had come up in informal discussions but that they had made clear they did not think they should go unless there was proof they were at fault in some way.
Ilyumzhinov, who has stirred controversy in the West by meeting strongmen leaders such as Libya's late Muammar Gaddafi, said that FIDE officials who had announced their resignation had been "economical with the truth" and likened what had happened to "a revolution to seize the telegraph office."
When asked if there had been an attempted coup against him, they said: "Yes."
Freeman, FIDE's executive director, did not immediately respond to a request to respond to Ilyumzhinov's comments.
In their letter on the organisation's web site they said Ilyumzhinov had definitely resigned and that an extraordinary presidential board meeting would be held on April 10 to discuss the matter.
"During the presidential board meeting in Athens, you several times threatened to resign and at the end of the meeting, three times you repeated 'I resign' before leaving the room," Freeman wrote.
Ilyumzhinov was placed under U.S. sanctions in November 2015 after Washington accused them of helping the Syrian government. The chess enthusiast has met Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, but denies the U.S. accusations.
They said on Wednesday they intended to serve out their full term as FIDE president and would decide next year whether to run for re-election in September 2018. (Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Football Soccer - Premier League - Manchester United vs West Ham United - Manchester, Britain - August 13, 2017 Manchester United's Paul Pogba celebrates with Romelu Lukaku after scoring their fourth goal Action Images via Reuters/Jason Cairnduff
MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Romelu Lukaku struck twice on their Premier League debut for Manchester United as Jose Mourinho's side made an emphatic start to their campaign with a 4-0 win over West Ham United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
The Belgian striker, who was signed from Everton in a 75-million-pound move last month, began repaying that investment with two fine finishes but it was not only their imposing presence in attack that give United a very different feel from last season.
Another close-season recruit, Serbian midfielder Nemanja Matic, brought from Chelsea, made an excellent debut in the defensive midfield role, breaking up any threats from West Ham and then prompting United's attacks with intelligence.
With Marcus Rashford's pace and directness down the left flank and Henrikh Mkhitaryan's trickery on the right, United showed a variety and inventiveness that too often was missing last season when they drew 10 home games.
One of those home draws came against the Hammers, the fourth in a row at Old Trafford, and a frustrated Mourinho was sent to the stands.
While the United manager has too much experience and sense to get carried away with an opening-day win, they acknowledged their side had delivered a quality performance.
"The fact we start winning and are top, it means nothing. The performance and the levels of confidence is what means a lot to me. We lost two points against them last season and had similar games where we were dominated. Today we got the three points," they said.
Football Soccer - Premier League - Manchester United vs West Ham United - Manchester, Britain - August 13, 2017 Manchester United's Romelu Lukaku celebrates with Paul Pogba after the match Action Images via Reuters/Jason Cairnduff
Lukaku opened the scoring in the 33rd minute, blasting in off the post after latching on to a clever through ball from Rashford, who had run with the ball from deep in their own half.
West Ham, whose forward forages were rare, came close to levelling on the stroke of half-time when David De Gea was forced into a fine save by a well-struck effort from Edimilson Fernandes.
Slideshow (5 Images)
But Lukaku made it 2-0 seven minutes after the break, rising to meet a Mkhitaryan free kick with a superbly angled header into the far bottom corner.
Substitute Anthony Martial made it 3-0 in the 87th minute with a side-foot finish after being played in, again by Mkhitaryan.
Moments later Paul Pogba fired in the fourth after they were slipped in by Martial to complete the rout to the delight of the home support.
"The fans want to see attractive football and we have to stick to that," said Lukaku.
"They will be pleased today. It is just the start, we need to keep working to the manager's plan."
FINDLAY — The Central State University men's and women's track & field teams found success Dec. 9 at the Findlay Oiler Invitational.
Sophomore Juan Scott won the 60-meter hurdles with a time of 8.05 seconds. Scott's time currently ranks as the third fastest in the nation. Scott later teamed up with Ja'Vonte Brown, Isreal Washington and Baron Wilson to win the 1,600-meter relay with a pace of 3:24.22.
Sophomore Mysia Wallace and junior Iesha Lockhart tied for first place in the 300-meter dash with identical times of 42.73 seconds.
The CSU track & field team will return to competition Friday, Jan. 12, 2018 at the Armory HBCU Battle of the Track in New York.
Full results from the meet are available at www.tfrrs.org/results/52362.html.
Submitted photos Sophomore Mysia Wallace tied for first place with teammate Iesha Lockhart in the 300-meter dash, Dec. 9 in Findlay. Submitted photos Sophomore Mysia Wallace tied for first place with teammate Iesha Lockhart in the 300-meter dash, Dec. 9 in Findlay. Sophomore Juan Scott won the 60-meter hurdles with a time of 8.05 seconds, Dec. 9 at the Findlay Oiler Invitational currently the third quickest time in the nation. Sophomore Juan Scott won the 60-meter hurdles with a time of 8.05 seconds, Dec. 9 at the Findlay Oiler Invitational currently the third quickest time in the nation.
Greene County News
Story courtesy of Central State University Athletics.
Story courtesy of Central State University Athletics.
March 31 Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB
* Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB evaluates the possibility to carry out a private placement of a convertible loan of approximately SEK 40 million through a convertible instrument issue directed to a limited group of investors
* The Company intends to use the proceeds from the Private Placement to strengthen its working capital as well as finance its continuing operations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Anna Ringstrom)
BEIJING, April 6 Ford Motor Co on Thursday said it plans to launch a new plug-in hybrid car in China next year and will bring a fully electric sport-utility vehicle to China in the next five years, amid sweeping plans to electrify its vehicle lineup.
The U.S. automaker said in a statement that it plans for 70 percent of Ford brand vehicles sold in China to be conventional hybrids, plug-in hybrids or full battery electric by 2025. (Reporting by Jake Spring; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
April 20 Adams Resources & Energy Inc:
* Adams Resources announces the conclusion of strategic alternatives related to its exploration and production subsidiary
* Company does not expect Chapter 11 filing by its subsidiary to have material adverse impact on any of core businesses
* Says AREC has retained Oil and Gas Asset Clearinghouse, LLC to advise it with respect to sale process
* Plans to direct its attention to its core businesses or other business development initiatives
* Company continues to have no debt and held approximately $87 million in cash at end of fiscal year ended December 31, 2016
* AREC plans to file voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Bankruptcy Code
* Co plans to conduct a sale process Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
On Saturday, October 21st farms and farmers will be celebrated at the Aiken County Farmers Market's Fall Festival.
The annual festival is to show support for the farmers who provide produce to the area year round.
This year, the Aiken office of the Clemson Extension Agency and Aiken County 4-H clubs will participate in the festival, hosting youth activities and advice on handling food safely.
4-H Club members will also be selling pumpkins for scholarship funds.
Produce, baked goods, honey and a variety of other goods will be available for purchase at the festival.
The event starts at sunrise and ends at noon.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
(Reuters) - U.S. computer maker Dell Technologies Inc (DVMT.N) and business software provider VMware Inc (VMW.N) have decided to explore options that could include a potential merger of the two companies, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
The move, which may not result in any deal, comes as Dell, the world's largest privately held technology company, seeks new avenues for growth following its debt-laden acquisition of data storage provider EMC Corp for $67 billion in 2016.
Dell plans to announce as early as Friday that it will review a possible reverse merger with VMware, as well as other alternatives, including an initial public offering or asset divestitures, the three sources said.
VMware plans to announce that it will form a special committee of board directors to consider a combination with Dell, according to the sources. VMware is 80 percent-owned by Dell, so the special committee is aimed at making any combination subject to approval by disinterested directors who will safeguard the interests of VMware minority shareholders, the sources added.
The sources asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential. Dell declined to comment, while VMWare did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Dell is under pressure to boost its profitability after the EMC deal failed to deliver the cost savings and performance it projected, while higher component costs and a challenging data storage market have eroded its margins.
VMware CEO Pat Gelsinger addresses a news conference in Tokyo July 15, 2014. REUTERS/Yuya Shino
The Round Rock, Texas-based company has struggled with fierce competition in the storage market, as cloud-based rivals such as Amazon.com Inc's (AMZN.O) AWS and Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) Azure put pressure on prices. Dell's infrastructure chief, former EMC executive David Goulden, departed last fall, and the firm has since been working to reorganize its storage operations.
The PC market, which Dell CEO Michael Dell helped shape by founding Dell in 1984 as a college first-year student with $1,000 in savings, has remained stagnant due to the popularity of smart phones and tablets, shrinking by 0.2 percent in 2017, according to International Data Corporation.
A reverse merger would see VMware, which has a market capitalisation of $51 billion, buy Dell, rather than Dell buy the minority stake in VMware it does not already own. A lockup provision prevents Dell from buying out VMware until September.
“Irrespective of whether VMware or Dell is the acquirer, we think the terms of trade would have to entail a premium to VMware minority shareholders,” UBS Securities LLC desk-based analyst Evren Ergin wrote in a sales commentary note on Thursday.
Another consideration for Dell in its deliberations is offering an eventual path to private equity firm Silver Lake to cash out on its investment in the company. Silver Lake helped bankroll Michael Dell's $24.9 billion deal in 2013 to take the company private and owns about 18 percent of the company.
(The story has been refiled to add dropped reference to Ergin in penultimate paragraph)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
BRUSSELS, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The next negotiation round between Britain and the European Union on the terms of divorce and the transition period that is to follow will run from Tuesday to Friday next week, the EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier said.
The round will tackle issues linked to the governance of the withdrawal agreement, the border between Northern Ireland and Ireland and the transition period, Barnier said on Twitter, noting that they will first spend Monday in London, where they will meet their opposite number, Brexit Secretary David Davis.
On Friday, there will be a meeting in Brussels at the level of coordinators' of the negotiations which will sum up the round and at which Britain will update the EU on its request for a close future trade relationship.
EU and British officials, asked if this meant that Britain would spell out its demands in detail, declined to comment. (Reporting By Jan Strupczewski in Brussels and Andrew MacAskill in London; Editing by Alastair Macdonald)
April 28 First Financial Holding Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$1.2 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Co will use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T$0.2 for every one share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/1ekAk6
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A Bosnian teenager has performed an impressive, if painful to watch, stunt, breaking 111 concrete blocks with their head in a mere 35 seconds.
Forward flipping their way down a line of 20 stacks of six blocks each, Kerim Ahmetspahic, a young taekwondo martial artist, smashed the blocks with their head in front of a cheering crowd in the Bosnian city of Visoko at the weekend.
They appeared to falter on the 18th stack, but then recovered and finished to loud applause.
Ahmetspahic received a certificate recording their achievement and thanked their parents, their coach and their friends for helping them succeed in the unusual accomplishment.
(Writing by Karishma Singh; Editing by Paul Tait)
(In 9th paragraph, correct's description of Bill Baer to former head of the Justice Department's Antitrust Division, not former head of the Justice Department.)
By Diane Bartz
WASHINGTON, April 28 A U.S. appeals court on Friday blocked health insurer Anthem Inc's bid to merge with Cigna, upholding a lower court's decision that the $54 billion deal should not be allowed because it would lead to higher prices for healthcare.
The ruling will probably kill the proposed merger that was opposed by the U.S. Justice Department, 11 states and a district court judge after consumers, medical professionals and others objected to it. In the end, Cigna itself tried to back out.
The companies have the option of trying to save the deal by asking the appeals court to re-consider the case or appealing straight to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Two hours after the decision, Cigna traded at $155.65 and Anthem was at $177.45. Both were down less than half a percent.
Anthem's purchase of Cigna would create the largest U.S. health insurer. Rivals Aetna Inc and Humana Inc had also sought to merge but that deal collapsed this year amid opposition from the federal government and states.
Insurers made the deals as they adjusted to new pressures from the insurance overhaul of Obamacare, officially known as the Affordable Care Act. Now they face the potential for another remaking of the industry, though the exact changes are unclear because of Republican disagreements over how to repeal and replace Obamacare.
In a split decision, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit disagreed with Anthem's contention that the Justice Department and lower court improperly rejected its assertions that the deal would lead to billions of dollars in medical savings.
"Anthem has not explained why these projected savings would even exist," Judge Judith Rogers wrote in the opinion. "The record is clear that Anthem, unlike Cigna, has already achieved whatever economies of scale are available."
Bill Baer, a former head of the Justice Department's Antitrust Division, said in an email the decision "is a ringing endorsement of the importance of competition in health insurance markets."
Baer made the decision to challenge both insurance mergers.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said they were "pleased" with the ruling and contended the deal would likely lead to higher premiums and lower quality.
In a dissent, Judge Brett Kavanaugh argued that the merger would benefit the biggest customers, mainly large companies with employees in many states. Kavanaugh argued that a combined Anthem/Cigna would require higher payments to manage the accounts but that would be offset by better negotiated rates paid to providers.
Anthem, a member of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, is the second biggest seller of medical insurance to big U.S. companies. Cigna is in third place.
"This is a red letter day for consumers," said David Balto, who organized opposition to the deal.
In another obstacle to the deal, Anthem and Cigna are suing each other. Cigna has sought to abandon the merger and force Anthem to pay a $1.85 billion breakup fee while Anthem filed a lawsuit to force its smaller rival to go through with the combination.
Anthem and the Justice Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the appeals court decision. (Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by David Gregorio)
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
March 29 Orkla Asa
* Intends to invest more than NOK 500 million ($58.63 million) in its pizza production in Stranda
* Says Norway's annual market for frozen pizza amounts to NOK 2.1 billion
* The investment programme, which covers a period of five years, focuses both on new innovations and on rationalising production
* Towards the end of the period, we want to combine our two factories in Stranda at one site Source text: bit.ly/2ofTjet Further company coverage: ($1 = 8.5274 Norwegian crowns) (Reporting By Terje Solsvik)
LONDON British fund managers raised their equity holdings to pre-Brexit levels in April, a Reuters poll showed on Friday, with some investors betting that a Conservative win in the June 8 snap election may lead to a better deal with the European Union.
The survey of 15 UK-based wealth managers and chief investment officers was conducted between April 18 and 26, just after Prime Minister Theresa May called the election. May wants a bigger majority that they say will give them a stronger hand when negotiating the terms of the UK's Brexit deal.
UK fund managers raised their overall equity holdings to 48.9 percent, the highest level since May 2016 -- just a month before Britain narrowly voted to leave the EU in a referendum.
They also raised UK stock holdings to 24.4 percent of their global equity portfolios, up 2.3 percentage points from March.
"With the polls and the bookies having the Conservatives hot favourites to win this election in a landslide victory, there is a sense the prime minister will then be in a stronger position to negotiate a better Brexit deal," said Peter Lowman, chief investment officer of wealth manager Investment Quorum.
One argument is that May would be able to compromise more because radical Brexiteers in their party would not hold as much sway. Opponents say, however, that it would give the Conservatives a free hand to pursue a hard Brexit without single market access.
The bullish fund manager mood was reflected in a 1.8 percentage point cut in cash levels to 6.4 percent of global balanced portfolios. The bond allocation was trimmed 1.5 percentage points to 27.9 percent.
FRENCH ELECTION
Global stock markets surged to record highs in April .MIWD00000PUS, boosted by expectations of U.S. corporate tax cuts, and relief after the French presidential election's first round.
Some Reuters poll participants waited until the results of the vote were known before completing this month's survey.
With the pro-EU candidate, centrist Emmanuel Macron, going through as favourite to beat far right leader Marine Le Pen, worries about an anti-EU candidate winning have receded.
This may account for the fact that about 80 percent of poll participants who answered a special question on the euro/dollar exchange rate thought it wouldn't trade below parity in 2017.
"A lot of good news is already baked into the dollar and a lot of bad news baked into the euro," said Rob Pemberton, investment director at HFM Columbus.
Several managers also pointed out that if the political risk of the French election subsides and Macron wins, then the focus will shift to the European Central Bank, which is likely to adopt less of an easing bias towards the end of 2017.
Emerging markets remained in favour, with emerging stocks accounting for 20.2 percent of investors' global equity portfolios, effectively unchanged from last month's 20.8 percent. Emerging debt accounted for 19.2 percent of global bond portfolios in April, up from 17 percent in March.
All those who answered a question on the outlook for emerging market flows thought there were more to come.
Mouhammed Choukeir, chief investment officer at Kleinwort Hambros, noted that flows had hit the highest monthly level in two years in March. "It helped that EM equity valuations are comparatively low, an oasis in an increasingly expensive equity desert. This should continue to make EM attractive," they said.
MSCI's benchmark emerging markets stocks index gained over 11 percent in the first quarter .MSCIEF and is set to end the month up another 2 percent, after surging towards a near-two year high after the French vote.
"The world economy is strong and this year is a leadership transition year for China so their policymakers will want to keep growth going," said Trevor Greetham, head of multi-asset at Royal London Asset Management (RLAM).
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 4 x 100 meters relay final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Usain Bolt of Jamaica lays on the track after sustaining an injury.
LONDON (Reuters) - Sebastian Coe said they felt huge sympathy for Usain Bolt after the Jamaican pulled up with a hamstring problem during their final event on Saturday, but believes the great sprinter's departure will open the door for new talent to shine.
"It's a devastating moment if you are mid-race and that happens, it's horrible," the IAAF president told a news conference ahead of the last night's action at the World Athletics Championships on Sunday.
Bolt pulled up while running the anchor leg for Jamaica in the 4x100 relay, their final race before retiring. They will do a farewell lap of honour in the London Stadium on Sunday evening before heading into retirement.
"I do think this gives us an opportunity to cast a light on the young talent that's out there," Coe said.
"I can't remember a time when the competition has been so competitive and the stories around them so compelling," they added.
"We have had some of the youngest-ever medallists and the emergence of such extraordinary young talent is what many people will remember this event for," Coe said.
"This is a really comforting place to be in at a time when we are asking what the sport looks like after Mo (Farah) and Bolt and for example with the emergence of (American 100 metres silver medallist) Christian Coleman we may be looking at the future face of sprinting for the next five years."
LARGE NUMBERS
Coleman was beaten by compatriot Justin Gatlin and large numbers of the 60,000 crowds that packed the stadium each evening loudly booed the man who has served two drug suspensions.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men's 100 Metre Final – London Stadium, London, Britain - August 6, 2017. Usain Bolt of Jamaica is presented their bronze medal by by IAAF president Sebastian Coe. Kai Pfaffenbach
Ed Warner, co-chairperson of the London 2017 organising committee, was surprised by the extent of the booing but understood the reasons.
"My view as the organiser is the fans have the right to come and express their views about doping in our sport and people feel very passionate about it," they said.
Coe said they did not like to hear jeering but accepted that fans felt strongly about the issue.
Britain Athletics - IAAF Press Conference - London Marriott Hotel, West India Quay, Canary Wharf - 13/4/17 IAAF President Sebastian Coe during the press conference Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
"I would rather not see athletes who have tested positive winning some of the biggest titles in our sport but they are entitled to be here," they said.
"I don't think the IAAF has singled Gatlin out but we're not here to choreograph public opinion.
"I thought in a way the athletes took the lead in a dignified way that Usain dealt with they situation took some of the tension out of the response by the time we get to the medal ceremony."
After two years during which the sport has been battered by doping and corruption issues Coe said they felt the last 10 days had helped the process of recovery.
"I'm speaking to federations, coaches and athletes more than ever before and my instinct is that there is a confidence and people are proud to be involved and seen to be involved in athletics," they said.
Coe believes the sport needed to learn lessons from the success of London and apply them to the Diamond League and other events and create a calendar that everybody can understand.
"If we don't don't get those things right then everything we've achieved here will be a happy memory but won't be a springboard," they said.
(Corrects story from March 31. Corrects the number of investors to 157 from 172 in body text. Company corrected its own statement.)
April 13 Columbus Energy SA:
* Reported that it allotted 4,335 series B bonds of the total nominal value of 4.3 million zlotys ($1.08 million) to 157 investors
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9926 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
HOUSTON, March 29 An aging California refinery is testing PBF Energy Inc's reputation as a turnaround whiz, with mounting production woes and costly repairs at the 88-year-old plant throwing a wrench into efforts to quickly revive profits.
The refinery, acquired from Exxon Mobil Corp for $537.5 million, has reported frequent breakdowns since the deal closed last July. On April 1, a regional air-quality regulator expects to consider the plant's frequent breakdowns and emissions, along with a plan to enhance safety with an expensive phase out of a chemical used in gasoline production.
PBF is spending $100 million this year to improve operations, and is budgeting another $50 million for upgrading its electric power to prevent outages. Phasing out the use of modified hydrofluoric acid at the plant presents a potentially larger bill that was not on the table when PBF bought the refinery last July.
This week, the company lowered its estimate of first-quarter crude throughput at Torrance by 16 percent. It has said the overhaul would allow the Torrance refinery to boost production and hit profitability goals. "These things will be fixed," PBF Chief Executive Tom Nimbley assured analysts on an earnings call last month.
The problems are weighing on earnings. Last year, the company missed its earnings goals due at least partly to outages at Torrance and at PBF's Delaware City, Del., refinery. It posted an operating loss of $61.7 million in the fourth quarter compared with earnings of $168 million a year earlier.
"We left $75 million on the table in the fourth quarter and more than $300 million in terms of lost profit opportunities for the year," Nimbley said, discussing fourth quarter results.
The push to phase out hydrofluoric acid, widely used in refining and semiconductor industries, came after a tank holding the chemical suffered a "near miss" from a 2015 explosion, according to a federal probe of the blast.
Hydrofluoric acid can form a toxic cloud at room temperature and exposure can cause severe health problems and lead to death. An estimated 330,000 people live or work near the refinery.
(Graphic - Sulfur Oxide Emissions From Southern California Refineries: tmsnrt.rs/2nxFE4e)
The South Coast Air Quality Management District may push to adopt a rule to phase out use of the acid by December. A study commissioned by the air regulator estimated switching to sulfuric acid would cost around $100 million for each of the refineries in the region that use it.
PBF said in a statement that figure was "exceptionally low," and called a switch to sulfuric acid for gasoline output cost-prohibitive. A company executive has said the switch could worsen the plant's emissions.
A refiner in Texas is building a similar unit for $300 million.
"I see no way they could avoid doing the upgrade if they wanted to stay in the gasoline business," said Robert Campbell, an analyst at consultancy Energy Aspects.
Acquisitions made PBF the fourth largest independent refiner in the United States. It proved its skills by buying a Delaware City refinery, overhauling it and quickly cutting annual expenses by $200 million.
But the Torrance deal was troubled from the start. Closing was contingent on the plant running 15 days straight without a breakdown, but PBF went ahead despite an incident 10 days ahead of closing, saying it was not material and Exxon covered repair costs.
SULFUR EMISSIONS
Local residents are pressuring elected officials and PBF due to noticeable gas-flaring and emissions.
Last year, the facility released 487 tons of sulfur oxide, nearly 20 times greater than Valero Energy Corp, Southern California's second biggest polluter, which released just under 25 tons, according to figures from SCAQMD, which may be subject to revisions.
PBF disputes the regulator's figures. It said 16 tons of the sulfur releases were under its ownership. It expects that figure to decline to less than 4 tons if its requests for revisions are upheld.
"They will turn things around eventually," said a person familiar with the plant, adding: "It's going to take time."
Investors are not patient. In the last year, PBF's share price has slid 35.1 percent to $21.11 per share, more than peers Tesoro, which is down 9 percent, or Valero, which is up 1.6 percent over the same period.
(Reporting by Liz Hampton, Jessica Resnick-Ault, Jarrett Renshaw; Editing by Gary McWilliams and David Gregorio)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
The NoMo Nausea Wristband
Contact
Colter Lena
***@nomonausea.com Colter Lena
End
-- Who wants to feel nauseous at 30,000 feet? Settle in for a calm journey with a drug-free NoMo Nausea wristband, the clinically proven natural cure for nausea and vomiting. Invented by mompreneur Jacqueline Darna, NoMo Nausea's patented formula combines peppermint essential oil with P6 acupressure to stop nausea and vomiting instantly.Airplane related motion sickness can strike without warning and spoil even the most exciting vacations. According to the University of Maryland Medical Center, motion sickness occurs when the inner ear, eyes and body deliver conflicting messages to the brain about your movement in the environment. This mishmash of sensory signals is what causes motion sickness sufferers to experience uncontrollable nausea and vomiting. Thankfully, the NoMo Nausea wristband combines the ancient Chinese practice of acupressure with peppermint aromatherapy to prevent and immediately relieve this unfortunate by-product of plane travel. In contrast to over the counter drugs like Bonine and prescription medications like Zofran, the NoMo Nausea band is side-effect free and won't interfere with other medications. This feature has made the NoMo Nausea band a favorite among pregnant women who struggle to find an effective and safe remedy for motion sickness.Coming in the form of a discreet latex-free rubber wristband, the NoMo Nausea band is a compact and easy to use alternative to bulky acupressure bracelets. An air sickness sufferer need only slip the band on their or their wrist, place the acupressure nub three fingers from the top of the wrist and position it between the arm's two flexor tendons to begin feeling immediate relief. The wristband also provides an affordable alternative (two bands cost as little as $12.99), to expensive adjustable acupressure bracelets like the Reliefband.Jacqueline Darna, working Mom and CEO of NoMo Nausea, is gleeful that their invention has been able to help so many who struggle with this medical ailment. "I'm glad that air sickness sufferers no longer have to limit themselves to slower forms of transportation,"Darna said. "I'm also happy that kids and pregnant women now have a safe and natural alternative to harsh pharmaceuticals."NoMo Nausea is rapidly expanding across the globe, and it will soon be hitting the shelves of 6,000 CVS Pharmacies all over the United States. For more information about NoMo Nausea and its sister product NoMo Migraine, please visit https://nomonausea.com The NoMo Nausea band is the first and only natural way to stop nausea, vomiting and headaches instantly for adults and kids. This 3 in 1 stylish and waterproof wristband combines fast acting peppermint aromatherapy with long lasting acupressure to stop even the worst morning sickness, seasickness, chemotherapy nausea, migraines and more. NoMo Nausea is sold online at www.NoMoNausea.com , on Amazon.com, in pharmacies, natural stores, doctors' offices, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, dive shops nationwide and in airports exclusively at Stellar Partners, Inc. Newsstands.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Rising mortality rates, an increase in life-threatening infections and a shortage of staff and medical equipment are crippling Greece's health system as the country's dogged pursuit of austerity hammers the weakest in society.
Data and anecdote, backed up by doctors and trade unions, suggest the EU's most chaotic state is in the midst of a public health meltdown, The Guardian wrote.
“In the name of tough fiscal targets, people who might otherwise survive are dying,” said Michalis Giannakos who heads the Panhellenic Federation of Public Hospital Employees. “Our hospitals have become danger zones.”
Figures released by the European Center for Disease Prevention and Control recently revealed that about 10 percent of patients in Greece were at risk of developing potentially fatal hospital infections, with an estimated 3,000 deaths attributed to them.
The occurrence rate was dramatically higher in intensive care units and neonatal wards, the body said. Although the data referred to outbreaks between 2011 and 2012 ― the last official figures available ― Giannakos said the problem had only got worse.
Like other medics who have worked in the Greek national health system since its establishment in 1983, the union chief blamed lack of personnel, inadequate sanitation and absence of cleaning products for the problems. Cutbacks had been exacerbated by overuse of antibiotics, they said.
“For every 40 patients there is just one nurse,” they said, mentioning the case of an otherwise healthy woman who died last month after a routine leg operation in a public hospital on Zakynthos. “Cuts are such that even in intensive care units we have lost 150 beds.”
“Frequently, patients are placed on beds that have not been disinfected. Staff are so overworked they don't have time to wash their hands and often there is no antiseptic soap anyway.”
No other sector has been affected to the same extent by Greece's economic crisis. Bloated, profligate and corrupt, for much healthcare was indicative of all that was wrong with the country and, as such, badly in need of reform.
Acknowledging the shortfalls, the government announced last month that it planned to appoint more than 8,000 doctors and nurses in 2017.
Since 2009, per capita spending on public health has been cut by nearly a third ― more than €5 billion (£4.3 billion) ― according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. By 2014, public expenditure had fallen to 4.7 percent of GDP, from a pre-crisis high of 9.9 percent. More than 25,000 staff have been laid off, with supplies so scarce that hospitals often run out of medicines, gloves, gauze and sheets.
In early December Giannakos, a nurse by training, led a protest march, which started at the grimy building housing the Health Ministry and ended outside the neoclassical office of the prime minister, Alexis Tsipras. At the ministry, hospital technicians erected a breeze-block wall and from it hung a placard with the words: “The ministry has moved to Brussels.”
Few advanced western economies have enacted fiscal adjustment on the scale of Greece. In the six years since it received the first of three bailouts to keep bankruptcy at bay, the country has enforced draconian belt-tightening in return for more than €300 billion in emergency loans. The loss of more than 25 percent of national output ― and a recession that has seen ever more people resorting to primary health care ― has compounded the corrosive effects of cuts that in the case of public hospitals have often been as indiscriminate as they are deep.
Pressure to meet creditor-mandated budget targets means that in 2016 alone, expenditure on the sector has declined by €350 million under the flight attendantship of Syriza, the leftist party that had once railed against austerity, said Giannakos, citing government figures.
More than 2.5 million Greeks have been left without any healthcare coverage. Shortages of spare parts are such that scanning machines and other sophisticated diagnostic equipment have become increasingly faulty. Basic blood tests are no longer conducted at most hospitals because laboratory expenditure has been pared back. Wage cuts have worsened the low morale.
“The biggest problem is shortage of staff because people are retired and never replaced,” said Dr. Yiannis Papadatos, who runs the intensive care unit of one of the three pediatric hospitals in Athens. “Then there's the problem of equipment and, periodically, lack of supplies like gloves, catheters and cleaning tissues.”
Small acts of heroism have done much to keep the broken system afloat: Doctors and nurses work overtime, with donors and philanthropists also helping.
Papadatos said: “I was brought up partly in Kenya by parents who emphasized the virtues of helping others. These days I spend a lot of time going round asking friends, or the private sector, for help when our hospital runs out of supplies. The monitors we use to track heart rhythms, blood pressure, that sort of thing, were all donated. People like to give. It makes them feel good.”
Unionists argue that healthcare is an easy target because successive governments have refused to properly tackle tax evasion, the biggest drain on public coffers. In a rare public admission, the International Monetary Fund recently conceded that cuts had been so brutal “basic public services such as transport and healthcare are being compromised”.
But at a time when the Greek debt crisis has flared again, after Tsipras's controversial announcement of a series of welfare benefits, there are many who fear worse is to come.
One of them is British-trained Dr. Michalis Samarakos, who believes that while the health system is in need of further reform it also runs the risk of running out of specialists and clinical trainees. Already there has been a massive exodus of doctors abroad, mostly to Germany and the UK, as a result of lack of opportunity.
“The best are leaving because their potential cannot be developed here,” they said. “I can see it teaching sixth-year students at Athens University, everyone wants a reference, everyone wants to go.
“It's become a growing problem. We don't have nephrologists, for example, because there are no prospects for specialists, either in or out of the system [in private practice].
“Trainee doctors are the backbone of any hospital ― without them hospitals can't function. Unless there is a big change, I worry greatly that things can only become worse.”
SAN FRANCISCO Facebook Inc (FB.O) will hire 3,000 more people over the next year to speed up the removal of videos showing murder, suicide and other violent acts, in its most dramatic move yet to combat the biggest threat to its valuable public image.
The hiring spree, announced by Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday, comes after users were shocked by two video posts in April showing killings in Thailand and the United States.
The move is an acknowledgement by Facebook that it needs more than its recent focus on automated software to identify and remove such material.
Artificial intelligence techniques would take “a period of years ... to really reach the quality level that we want,” Zuckerberg told investors after the company's earnings late on Wednesday.
“Given the importance of this, how quickly live video is growing, we wanted to make sure that we double down on this and make sure that we provide as safe of an experience for the community as we can,” they said.
The problem has become more pressing since the introduction last year of Facebook Live, a service that allows any of Facebook's 1.9 billion monthly users to broadcast video, which has been marred by some violent scenes.
Some violence on Facebook is inevitable given its size, researchers say, but the company has been attacked for its slow response.
UK lawmakers this week accused social media companies including Facebook of doing a "shameful" job removing child abuse and other potentially illegal material.
In Germany, the company has been under pressure to be quicker and more accurate in removing illegal hate speech and to clamp down on so-called fake news.
German lawmakers have threatened fines if the company cannot remove at least 70 percent of offending posts within 24 hours.
So far, Facebook has avoided political fallout from U.S. lawmakers or any significant loss of the advertisers it depends on for revenue. Some in the ad industry have defended Facebook, citing the difficulty of policing material from its many users. Police agencies have said Facebook works well with them.
Facebook shares fell slightly on Wednesday, and edged lower still after the bell, following its quarterly earnings.
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
Zuckerberg, the company's co-founder, said in a Facebook post the workers will be in addition to the 4,500 people who already review posts that may violate its terms of service. Facebook has 17,000 employees overall, not including contractors.
Last week, a father in Thailand broadcast themselves killing their daughter on Facebook Live, police said. After more than a day, and 370,000 views, Facebook removed the video. A video of a man shooting and killing another in Cleveland last month also shocked viewers.
Zuckerberg said the company would do better: "We're working to make these videos easier to report so we can take the right action sooner - whether that's responding quickly when someone needs help or taking a post down."
The 3,000 workers will be new positions and will monitor all Facebook content, not just live videos, the company said. The company did not say where the jobs would be located, although Zuckerberg said the team operates around the world.
The world's largest social network has been turning to artificial intelligence to try to automate the process of finding pornography, violence and other potentially offensive material. In March, the company said it planned to use such technology to help spot users with suicidal tendencies and get them assistance.
However, Facebook still relies largely on its users to report problematic material. It receives millions of reports from users each week, and like other large Silicon Valley companies, it relies on thousands of human monitors to review the reports.
"Despite industry claims to the contrary, I don't know of any computational mechanism that can adequately, accurately, 100 percent do this work in lieu of humans. We're just not there yet technologically," said Sarah Roberts, a professor of information studies at UCLA who looks at content monitoring.
The workers who monitor material generally work on contract in places such as India and the Philippines, and they face difficult working conditions because of the hours they spend making quick decisions while sifting through traumatic material, Roberts said in an interview.
In December, two people who monitored graphic material for Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) services such as Skype sued the company, saying it had failed to warn them about the risks to their mental health. They are seeking compensation for medical costs, wages lost from disability and other damages.
Microsoft has disputed their claims. The company said in a statement that it takes seriously the responsibility to remove and report imagery of child sexual exploitation and abuse, as well as the health and resilience of employees.
Mental health assistance plans sometimes fall by the wayside for such workers, and there was a risk that would happen for Facebook if it tries to find 3,000 new workers quickly, Roberts said. "To do it at this scale and this magnitude, I question that," they said.
PSYCHOLOGICAL SUPPORT
Facebook says that every person reviewing its content is offered psychological support and wellness resources, and that the company has a support program in place.
When Facebook launched its live service in April 2016, Zuckerberg spoke about it as a place for "raw and visceral" communication.
"Because it's live, there is no way it can be curated," Zuckerberg told BuzzFeed News in an interview then. "And because of that it frees people up to be themselves. It's live; it can't possibly be perfectly planned out ahead of time."
Since then, at least 50 criminal or violent incidents have been broadcast over Facebook Live, including assault, murder and suicide, The Wall Street Journal reported in March.
In January, four African-Americans in Chicago were accused of attacking an 18-year-old disabled man on Facebook Live while making anti-white racial taunts. They have pleaded not guilty.
A man in Cleveland, Ohio, last month was accused of shooting another man on a sidewalk and then uploading a video of the murder to Facebook, where it remained for about two hours. The man later fatally shot himself.
Zuckerberg said the company would keep working with community groups and law enforcement, and that there have been instances when intervention has helped.
"Just last week, we got a report that someone on Live was considering suicide," they wrote in their post. "We immediately reached out to law enforcement, and they were able to prevent them from hurting himself. In other cases, we weren't so fortunate."
(Editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Jeffrey Benkoe and Bill Rigby)
* Philip Morris, Verizon fall after quarterly results
* American Express up on profit beat
* Investors eye first round of French election this Sunday
* Indexes up: Dow 0.24 pct, S&P 0.29 pct, Nasdaq 0.50 pct (Updates to open)
By Tanya Agrawal
April 20 Wall Street opened higher on Thursday, helped by increased optimism around the first-quarter earnings season, but oil prices failed to hold on to their gains.
With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on their pro-growth promises, investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will be strong enough to justify lofty market valuations.
Of the 57 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported earnings through Wednesday morning, about 75 percent have topped expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, above the 71 percent average for the past four quarters.
Overall, profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.8 percent in the quarter, the best since 2011.
"We've had some strong earnings with more positive surprises than negative, but the overall market trend remains negative because of geopolitical concerns," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York.
Mounting tensions between North Korea and the United States and the looming French presidential elections are keeping investors away from making risky bets.
A closely watched poll showed Centrist Emmanuel Macron hung on to their lead as favorite to win France's presidential election in a four-way race that is too close to call.
Brent crude futures were down 6 cents at $52.87 per barrel as bloated inventories weighed.
At 9:34 a.m. ET (1334 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average was up 48.9 points, or 0.24 percent, at 20,453.39, the S&P 500 was up 6.86 points, or 0.29 percent, at 2,345.03.
The Nasdaq Composite was up 29.20 points, or 0.5 percent, at 5,892.23.
Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with the financial index's 0.85 percent rise leading the gainers.
Shares of Philip Morris fell 3.9 percent to $109.85 after the tobacco maker's first-quarter profit forecast came in below estimates.
Verizon Communications was down 2.3 percent at $47.85 as the No. 1 U.S. wireless carrier reported a 20 percent fall in quarterly profit.
American Express was up 2.9 percent at $77.67 after the company's first-quarter profit fell less than expected. The stock provided the second biggest boost to the Dow.
Key companies scheduled to report results on Thursday include Dow component Visa and toymaker Mattel.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,814 to 722. On the Nasdaq, 1,706 issues rose and 489 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed 16 new 52-week highs and one new low, while the Nasdaq recorded 53 new highs and six new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
A Heinz Ketchup bottle sits between a box of Kraft macaroni and cheese and a bottle of Kraft Original Barbecue Sauce on a grocery store shelf in New York March 25, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Kraft Heinz Co (KHC.O), North America's No. 3 food and beverage company, reported lower-than-expected quarterly profit and sales, due to weak demand for its Velveeta cheese, Planters nuts and Oscar Mayer meats brands in the United States and Canada.
Shares of the company, which is backed by Warren Buffett and private equity firm 3G, were down 1.2 percent at $88.05 in after-hours trading on Wednesday.
U.S. sales, which account for more than two-thirds of Kraft's total revenue, dipped 3.5 percent in the first quarter ended April 1.
Canada sales fell 12.2 percent in the quarter due to delayed contract agreements with key retailers, the company said.
Kraft said despite raising prices by nearly 1 percent, organic sales dropped 3.5 percent, as consumption fell across its brands in the United States, its biggest market.
A muted spending environment in North America coupled with changing consumer tastes toward fresh, organic food over processed food has forced the packaged food maker to launch new products and revamp its ready-to-eat meals to remove synthetic colors and preservatives.
Kraft, in January, had partnered with Oprah Winfrey to create a new healthy line of packaged food called Mealtime Stories.
The company's net sales fell 3.1 percent to $6.36 billion, missing analysts' average estimate of $6.45 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Kraft, which aims to reduce $1.7 billion in costs by the end of 2017, said it continues to generate savings from zero based budgeting and supply chain initiatives in all areas apart from North America.
The company made a $143 billion bid for Unilever (ULVR.L), (UNc.AS) as part of its strategy to become a leading consumer goods giant by buying competitors, and cutting costs and jobs to drive profits.
However, the U.S. company walked away from a tussle with Unilever in February, after the Anglo-Dutch company rejected the offer.
Net income attributable to shareholders was $893 million, or 73 cents per share, in the first quarter, compared with $896 million, or 73 cents per share, in the year-earlier period.
Excluding certain items, Kraft earned 84 cents per share, missing analysts' average estimate of 86 cents per share.
(Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
May 2 SS Lazio SpA:
* Signs contract with Twenty SpA, owner of brand Seleco, which becomes SS Lazio official sponsor
* Contract is valid until June 30, 2018
* Contract value is EUR 4 million ($4.36 million) until June 30, 2018
* Contract envisages a renewal option for 2018/2019 and 2019/2020 seasons for value of EUR 4 million per season Source text: www.info.it Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9172 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Canada's Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale (L) speaks during a news conference with Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould (C) and Health Minister Jane Philpott in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
(L-R) Canada's Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould, Health Minister Jane Philpott and Bill Blair, the government's point man on the legalised marijuana file, take part in a news conference in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
(L-R) Canada's Revenue Minister Diane Lebouthillier, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould, Health Minister Jane Philpott and Bill Blair, the government's point man on the legalised marijuana file, take part in a news conference in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
OTTAWA Canada was on track to legalize recreational marijuana by July 2018 after the government put forward legislation on Thursday that will see it regulate production but left the details of how the drug will be sold up to the provinces.
Recreational marijuana has been legalized in some U.S. states, including Colorado and Washington, but Canada would be the first Group of Seven country to do so nationally.
The ruling Liberal party made legalization part of its successful 2015 election campaign and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has argued that it will keep marijuana out of the hands of underage users and reduce drug-related crime.
"Criminal prohibition has failed to protect our kids and communities and we need a new approach," said Bill Blair, the government's point man on the issue and a former police chief.
The government said it will provide details on a new licensing fee and tax system in the coming months. Blair said Ottawa was talking to provinces and producers to make sure the sale price will be "appropriate."
The provinces will be responsible for overseeing and approving retail sales of cannabis. Authorities have been battling a rise in illegal dispensaries, particularly in British Columbia and Ontario, for over a year.
In jurisdictions that do not put a regulated retail framework in place, Canadians would be able to purchase marijuana online. The minimum legal age would be 18, though provinces would be able to raise that.
Only cannabis grown by a federally licensed producer will be available for sale, though Canadians could grow up to four plants at home.
Packaging would not be allowed to appeal to youth, include endorsements, or associate cannabis with a certain "way of life," according to the legislation. An official panel recommended late last year that the government require plain packaging.
While medical marijuana is already legal in Canada, consulting firm Deloitte has estimated annual sales of recreational marijuana could be as high as C$8.7 billion (5 billion pounds).
Shares of marijuana producers were trading lower following the announcement, though the stocks have seen a run-up in anticipation of legalization.
Canopy Growth Corp fell 3.8 percent to C$9.92, though the stock has more than tripled in the last year. OrganiGram Holdings Inc, which has nearly doubled, fell 9.7 percent to C$2.80.
The market action was likely a "sell the news" reaction as the legislation was largely in line with what an official task force recommended last year, said Aaron Salz, founder of Stoic Advisory.
The legislation will be reviewed in Parliamentary committees, where alterations could be made. But it is ultimately all but guaranteed to pass, as the Liberals have a majority in the House of Commons.
(Reporting by Leah Schnurr and David Ljunggren; Editing by Dan Grebler and Lisa Shumaker)
LAUSANNE, March 29 Top executives from the world's largest commodity trading houses discuss trends in trading at the FT Commodities Global Summit in Lausanne, Switzerland, this week.
For highlights from the first day:
The following are highlights:
ALAN HAYWOOD, CEO OF SUPPLY AND TRADING BP
"The context for our strategy is laid out in fundamentals until 2035. We see energy demand increasing by about 30 percent, half from nuclear, hydro power and renewables ... half will be going to the power sector."
"But we see 75 percent of energy demand still coming from oil, gas and coal. Gas demand will grow at approximately twice the rate of oil ... on the renewable side we will focus on our commitment to wind and Brazilian biofuels."
MARCO ALVERA, CEO, SNAM
Alvera sees emerging markets moving towards gas away from coal due to the cleaner advantage of gas.
"A one percent switch from coal to gas, gives same benefit on carbon dioxide, as a ten percent shift to renewables."
"In Europe, demand for gas has stabilised but production is declining. Faced with stable demand, imports need to grow ... we can only look east or southeast like the southern corridor.
"Europe has huge opportunities for LNG storage due to huge depleted reserves. LNG will become hugely seasonal ... and very distressed in the summer. Italy is a unique position because has the largest gas storage reserves so can be a hub for imports and exports."
MARK CRANDALL, CHAIRMAN, POSTSCRIPTUM
"The switch from coal to gas is a bigger thing than any switch to renewables." (Reporting by Julia Payne and Gus Trompiz, editing by Louise Heavens)
LONDON, April 12 (IFR) - Japan's Nomura has appointed Adam Islef as head of telecoms, media and technology in Europe, Middle East and Africa.
Islef had been co-head of EMEA financial sponsors, and their co-head Guy Hume will now take sole responsibility of financial sponsors for the region, a bank spokesperson said on Wednesday.
The changes are effective immediately.
Islef will be responsible for developing the TMT franchise in EMEA by building client relationships and originating and executing key deals, the bank said. They will report to EMEA investment banking head Charles Pitts-Tucker; Yutaka Mogi, co-head of investment banking in EMEA; and Roy Kabla, global head of media and telecoms.
Hume will continue to report to Patrice Maffre, global head of acquisition and leveraged finance. (Reporting by Steve Slater)
Windows has long been the world's biggest malware draw, exploited for decades by attackers. It continues today: The Carbon Black security firm analyzed 1,000 ransomware samples over the last six months and found that nearly 99% of them targeted Windows.
That's not news for IT administrators, of course. But this might be: Linux and other open-source software are emerging as serious malware targets. Several recent highly publicized attacks exploit holes in open-source software that many enterprise admins once considered solidly safe.
Let's start with the big one: the recently disclosed Equifax break-in that resulted in the private information of 143 million people being stolen, including Social Security numbers, birth dates, addresses and more. Typically, when you find the cause of a breach like this, it involves Windows. That's not the case with the Equifax hack, though.
A web application vulnerability in the widely used open-source Apache Struts web development framework allowed attackers to break into Equifax and do their damage. The framework is used by many enterprises in education, government, financial services, retail and media. Even though the vulnerability was first discovered and patched back in early March, Equifax didn't install the patch until after it found it had been hacked.
Sound familiar? It should. That's typically how Windows attacks proceed — enterprises don't get around to patching Windows to close security holes, and hackers take it from there. A recent study by Adaptiva, which offers security and management solutions for network endpoints, found that 49% of all enterprises surveyed said that their biggest security challenge was keeping Windows and Windows applications updated. And 59% said it takes a month or more to update Windows throughout their enterprise.
It appears as if Linux and open source are becoming a similar security headache for companies. Ian Folau, CEO of GitLinks, which specializes in security for open-source software, warns in an InfoWorld blog that at least half of all Fortune 100 companies use Struts. They add, “Less than 10 percent of companies are monitoring open source in their company, so even if these companies wanted to update their versions of Struts, they would have a hard time figuring out which applications were using Struts.” They believe that many other attacks will be launched using the Struts vulnerability because it will remain largely unpatched.
The Equifax attack isn't the only big one involving open source or Linux to have emerged recently. The “BlueBorne” attack vector exploits vulnerabilities in Bluetooth implementations. It can be used to take over a device and use it to spread malware or ransomware and become part of a botnet. At risk are almost 5.3 billion devices worldwide that use Windows, iOS, Android and Linux-based operating systems. Among the Linux devices that are at risk are Samsung's Gear S3 smartwatch, a number of Samsung televisions, some models of drones and many Tizen devices, as well as some Linux desktop PCs and servers.
[ Further reading: Ransomware became one of the top threats to enterprises in 2016 ]
Some industry watchers predict even more attacks targeting open source and Linux in the enterprise. A Carbon Black blog post, “7 Predictions for Ransomware's Evolution,” warns, “We believe ransomware will increasingly target Linux systems in an effort to further extort larger enterprises. For example, attackers will increasingly look to conduct SQL injections to infect servers and charge a higher ransom price. We have already observed attacks hitting MongoDB earlier this year, which provide an excellent foreshadowing.”
The attacks Carbon Black mentioned happened this past January, when open-source MongoDB databases around the world were hacked and data was taken from them and held for ransom.
All this isn't to say that Linux represents a greater threat to enterprises than does Windows. Windows is dominant in the enterprise, and as long as that's the case, it will remain the primary target. But attackers have a way of going after low-hanging fruit, and IT admins aren't as used to open-source software being under attack as they are Windows. So expect more, larger attacks on open source and Linux in the enterprise as IT admins try to figure out how to protect them as well as Windows.
PROGRAMS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE
WITHOUT NOTICE
“Unnatural,” premieres Tuesday, June 19, at 7:35 p.m.
Mikoto Misumi (Satomi Ishihara) is a pathologist at the newly established Unnatural Death Investigation (UDI) Lab in Tokyo, which accepts the dead bodies of people who died of unnatural causes from all across the country. Mikoto can't stand neglecting unnatural deaths and works on unnatural death cases with team members autopsy doctor Kai Nakado, recorder Rokuro Kube, clinical test technologist Yuko Shoji and UDI director Yasuo Kamikura. Together, they try to reveal the truth behind the deaths. Fully subtitled in English.
“Hello Harinezumi (Hello, Detective Hedgehog),” premieres Friday, June 22, at 7:35 p.m.
Goro Nanase (Eita) and Kyusaku Kogure (Go Morita) are private detectives at Akatsuka Detective Agency. They are laid-back employees who are more often found kicking back in a snack bar downstairs, but are known to take on a string of challenging cases that no one else wants to take on. Their motto is “to be compassionate and meddlesome,” which leads them to get involved in strange situations with their clients. One day, a client comes in and asks the agency to find their daughter who went missing a month ago. Fully subtitled in English.
NGN 3 MOVIE CHANNEL (Spectrum Digital Ch. 679/HD 1679)
Premiere titles air on Friday. “Movie of the Month” premieres on the first Saturday. Movies are shown at various times. Check your digital on-screen guide for movie schedules, using either the GUIDE or INFO buttons (up to one week ahead). Or call NGN, Mon.-Fri. from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. at 538-1966 for inquiries or to request an e-mail of NGN 3 programming information. All movies are in Japanese language with full English subtitles.
Movie of the Month
“No Youna Mono, No Youna Mono (Something Like, Something Like It),” 2016 drama, 1 hour and 35 minutes.
Directed by Taiichi Sugiyama. Starring Kenichi Matsuyama and Keiko Kitagawa.
Shinden is a serious and undistinguished “Rakugo” performer (a traditional Japanese verbal performance art) apprentice.  They are ordered from their master to find the whereabouts of senior performer Shintoto, who had given up Rakugo to live a more carefree life. As they get to know him, Shinden learns how to live more enjoyable life while Shintoto recalls their passion for “Rakugo.”
Movies in Alphabetical Order
“Ako Roshi (The Ako Retainers),” 1961 samurai film, 2 hours and 31 minutes.
Directed by Sadatsugu Matsuda. Starring Chiezo Kataoka, Hashizo Okawa, Kinnosuke Nakamura, Chiyonosuke Azuma, Kotaro Satomi, Ryutaro Otomo and Utaemon Ichikawa.
Toei's 10th anniversary film, features an all-star cast from the golden movie era of the 1960's. A famous story of the 47 loyal samurai — when Lord Asano is unjustly executed, their loyal retainers strike back for revenge.
“Aoi no Abarenbo (Fine Man),” 1961 jidaigeki, 1 hour and 26 minutes. Directed by Daisuke Yamazaki. Starring Kinya Kitaoji and Midori Isomura.
A young son of a master of the Kuwana clan gets disowned for their rebellious behavior. After they go from the mountains to the ocean defeating evil, they become a fine man.
“Benikujaku Dai-sanpen Tsuki no Hakkotsujo (Crimson Peacock,
Part 3),” 1955 jidaigeki, 53 minutes.
Directed by Ryo Hagiwara. Starring Kinnosuke Nakamura and Chiyonosuke Azuma.
Adventures revolving the key to the treasure of Crimson Peacock continue. Bewitched by the ally of evil Ikkaku, Kumi persuades Kojiro to take their life.
“Benikujaku Dai-yonhen Kenmou Ukinemaru (Crimson Peacock,
Part 4),” 1955 jidaigeki, 53 minutes.
Directed by Ryo Hagiwara. Starring Kinnosuke Nakamura and Chiyonosuke Azuma.
Exciting adventures for the quest of the Crimson Peacock treasures continue. Ukinemaru's mystical flute saves Kojiro and Kazekozo from the evil magic of Ikkaku.
“Dokuganryu Masamune (The Hawk of the North),” 1959 jidaigeki,
1 hour and 27 minutes.
Directed by Toshikazu Kono. Starring Kinnosuke Nakamura and Ryunosuke Tsukigata.
A life of famous feudal lord Date Masamune is depicted.
“Gassoh (Joint Burial),” 2015 jidaigeki, 1 hour and 27 minutes.
Directed by Tatsuo Kobayashi. Starring Yuya Yagira and Koji Seto.
In the year 1868, the Tokugawa Shogunate is ending after a period of dominance that continued for 300 years. Three young men join the elite Shogitai division of the Shogunate. The Shogitai fights to the end and opposes the dismantling of the Bakufu system. Kiwamu suddenly breaks off their engagement with Teijiro's younger sister in order to join the Shogitai. Teijiro is outraged by this and heads off in pursuit of Kiwamu, but then they run into their old childhood friend, Masanosuke. When Kiwamu discovers that Masanosuke has been driven out of their family home, Kiwamu encourages them to join their Shogitai. When these three lifelong friends are reunited, their destinies are propelled into sharply different directions.
“Hashizo no Yakuza Hangan (Yakuza Official),” 1962 jidaigeki,
1 hour and 31 minutes.
Directed by Masahiro Makino. Starring Hashizo Okawa and Satomi Oka.
Young master Fumikichi disguises themselves as a yakuza in order to solve a case of a mysterious death.
“Hokkai Yukyoden (North Sea Chivalry),” 1967 drama, 1 hour and 29 minutes.
Directed by Ryuichi Takamori. Starring Saburo Kitajima, Shinichi Chiba and Hideo Murata.
Inosuke, a former gangster, and their friends struggle to make a living as simple fishermen in this tale of chivalry and friendship among yakuza in the northern regions.
“Inazuma Touge no Ketto (Showdown at Lightning Pass),” 1962 jidaigeki, 1 hour and 31 minutes.
Directed by Nobuo Nakagawa. Starring Utaemon Ichikawa and Shinjiro Ebara.
A story about a spear master's spiritual and martial discipline.
March 29 Gold prices fell on Wednesday as positive economic data from the United States backed expectations of further interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve this year, prompting the dollar to bounce back from multi-month lows. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was down 0.2 percent at $1,248.60 per ounce, as of 0119 GMT. U.S. gold futures slipped 0.6 percent to $1,248.2. * The dollar pulled away from 4-1/2-month lows against a currency basket on Wednesday as solid data backed expectations for more U.S. interest rate hikes this year. * Reinforcing rate hike expectations, U.S. consumer confidence index hit 125.6 in March, surpassing expectations for a reading of 114 and much higher than 116.1 in February. The March level marked the highest since December 2000. * U.S. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer also gave the dollar a lift as they said in a television interview that two more increases to U.S. overnight interest rates this year seemed "about right." * President Donald Trump told a group of senators on Tuesday that they expect lawmakers to be able to reach a deal on healthcare. * Since Trump's election, Fed officials have debated how their campaign promises may change an economy many policymakers feel is on a sturdy course. * The collapse of the healthcare overhaul effort on Friday has, if anything, made the U.S. central bank's job harder as it tries to tease out what set of policies may make it through Congress. * The faltering campaign of French presidential candidate Francois Fillon suffered another setback on Tuesday when magistrates placed their wife under formal investigation over allegations that they paid them for a fake parliamentary job. * Prime Minister Theresa May will file formal Brexit divorce papers on Wednesday, pitching the United Kingdom into the unknown and triggering years of uncertain negotiations that will test the endurance of the European Union. * More partnership deals are likely in the gold industry as miners start investing in new projects again but are keen to lower the risk, analysts said after Goldcorp Inc and Barrick Gold Corp's announced a 50-50 joint venture in Chile. * Gold bullion investment will rise for the fourth straight year in 2017 as global political and economic factors are forecast to maintain buying interest, CPM Group said on Tuesday. * Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, fell 0.21 percent to 833.51 tonnes on Tuesday. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 0600 Germany Import prices Feb 0645 France Consumer confidence Mar 1400 U.S. Pending homes sales Feb (Reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 28 Dnb Asa
* Q1 net profit nok 4,544 million (reuters poll nok 4.36 billion)
* Q1 pretax profit before impairments nok 6.5 billion (reuters poll nok 7.36 billion)
* Q1 loan losses nok 562 million (reuters poll loss nok 1.51 billion)
* Common equity tier 1 capital ratio (transitional rules) was 15.8 per cent (15.2)
* Total impairment losses for the period 2016 to 2018 are estimated to be up to nok 18 billion, with the highest impairment losses during the first part of the period
* Aims to increase commission and fee income by approximately 3 per cent per year.
* Aspires to have a dividend payout ratio of more than 50 per cent from 2017. A share buy-back programme has been approved by the annual general meeting and will comprise up to 1.5 per cent of outstanding shares
* Principal target is to achieve a return on equity above 12 per cent towards 2019
* Q1 net interest income nok 8.52 billion (reuters poll nok 8.5 billion)
* Says 2017-2019 financial ambitions unchanged Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Terje Solsvik)
QAYYARA, Iraq Most of the bodies that wash up on the bridge in northern Iraq have their hands bound, eyes blindfolded and a bullet to the back of the head.
The ones that have been dead longest float on the surface, buoyed by the gasses produced as they decompose. Those killed recently tumble in the current that drags them down the River Tigris.
Their identity, and that of their killers, is a mystery.
"Nobody knows," said a mother who has seen more than half a dozen corpses drift past their house overlooking the river near the town of Qayyara in recent months. "Many more could have gone past in the night."
Islamic State militants were driven out of Qayyara in August last year. The town is 60 km down the Tigris from Mosul, the last major bastion where the fighters are still battling against government forces.
Some officials say the floating dead are victims of the militants, who killed hundreds if not thousands of opponents when they ruled the area.
Others, however, say the evidence points elsewhere: towards extra-judicial killings of people accused of having joined the militants, now that the territory is under government control.
"Most of it is score-settling," said an intelligence officer in Qayyara. That includes the killing of Islamic State suspects by elements of the security forces: "There are security agencies that say ‘I won't bother myself with the investigation'."
The local police chief, Colonel Fawzi Jameel Sultan, insisted that the bodies were mostly victims of the fighters. Either the corpses had floated down from insurgent-held Mosul, or they had only just been dredged up by spring rain, killed last year when the militants still controlled the area.
But a senior officer in the security apparatus contradicted him. "Not all of them were killed by Daesh," the officer said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.
The bodies could not have floated down from Mosul because there are barriers around 30 km south of the city to catch debris, said the officer on condition of anonymity. And some are only one or two months old, killed long after the fighters left.
Once the bodies are identified, it will be easier to discern a motive, they said: "If the (victim) worked for Daesh that means the perpetrators were probably people who were harmed by Daesh."
Human Rights Watch Iraq researcher Belkis Wille said that if the victims were not killed by Islamic State, the description of bound and blindfolded bodies “strongly suggested” they were examples of extrajudicial executions by “state-affiliated forces”, rather than vigilante justice.
"NO MERCY"
For those who suffered more than two years of extreme violence and privation under Islamic State, no punishment is too severe for people who joined them.
"We don't want anyone to show them mercy," said Fawzi Abu Sabri, who lost 13 members of their family to the militants, fantasising aloud about how they would kill an Islamic State member if they caught one.
In areas retaken from Islamic State south of Mosul, locals have purged traces of their presence, razing or blowing up militants' homes and even digging up their graves.
Relatives of Islamic State members have also been forcibly displaced to camps and harassed by locals who throw grenades at their homes.
Although the militants have been driven out, locals complain that people who cooperated with Islamic State remain in the area.
The line between extra-judicial killing by the state and private vigilantism is blurred because many members of the security forces have been personally affected by the militants and wish to avenge the deaths of friends and relatives.
A patchwork of forces, including local and federal police, several intelligence agencies and more than three dozen government-backed Sunni tribal militia, makes it more difficult to determine who might be responsible.
The mystery is most acute for the relatives of those who go missing.
Qais Younis Ilyas's mother has been searching for them since they were detained by Iraqi security forces several months ago.
Sitting near the river, they hold a photograph taken on the 22 year-old's wedding day, and a document declaring them innocent signed by local officials and members of the security apparatus.
"Nobody gives us any information. Are they dead? Are they alive?"
(Editing by Peter Graff)
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
RIO DE JANEIRO May 2 Brazilian prosecutors on Tuesday said they leveled new corruption charges against a one-time chief of staff for former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, who is already serving long jail sentences on prior graft convictions.
Prosecutors accused Jose Dirceu of taking 2.4 million reais ($755,880) in bribes from two engineering firms - UTC Engenharia SA and Engevix Engenharia SA.
The money was allegedly used for public relations efforts to improve Dirceu's image before, during and after a 2012 trial, in which they were convicted in a widespread scheme of making monthly payments to members of congress to win support for legislation.
In addition, over the past year, courts have sentenced them in two separate trials to a collective 32 years in jail on corruption, money-laundering and conspiracy charges. They stemmed from a wide-ranging probe of graft at state-owned oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA, known as Petrobras.
Engevix did not respond to request for comment, and a lawyer for Dirceu was not immediately available for reaction.
A UTC Engenharia spokesperson said the company would have nothing to say on the matter. ($1 = 3.1751 reais) (Reporting by Pedro Fonseca in Rio de Janeiro and Brad Brooks in São Paulo Editing by W Simon)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
APRIL 24, 2018 — Joseph H. Pyne is to step down as Executive Chairman of the Board of Kirby Corporation (NYSE:KEX), effective April 30, 2018, after 40 years of service. They will continue to serve Kirby as Chairman of the Board in a non-executive role.
Mr. Pyne started their career with Kirby in 1978, and has held numerous executive positions including Chairman of the Board since April 2014, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from January 2014 to April 2014, as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer from April 2013 to January 2014 and from April 2010 to April 2011, and as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1995 to April 2010, Executive Vice President from 1992 to 1995 and as President of Kirby Inland Marine from 1984 to November 1999. They have served the Company as a Director since 1988.
They also served in various operating and administrative capacities with Kirby Inland Marine from 1978 to 1984.
Kirby will incur a charge for compensation related to the retirement in the 2018 second quarter.
According to a Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission today, the independent directors of Kirby approved the payment to Mr. Pyne of a special one-time bonus of $15 million and acceleration of the vesting of unvested stock options covering 26,819 shares of Kirby common stock and 30,643 unvested shares of restricted stock held by Mr. Pyne. Including a value of $3.1 million attributable to the noncash accelerated vesting of the equity awards, the compensation to Mr. Pyne will result in an $18.1 million, or approximately $0.30 per share, one-time nondeductible expense in the second quarter. Stock options for 21,396 shares and 13,245 restricted stock units granted to Mr. Pyne in February 2018 will continue to vest in accordance with the terms of Kirby's 2005 Stock and Incentive Plan.
Mr. Pyne will also be entitled to receive prorated payments of previously awarded incentive compensation in amounts and at times to be determined according to the terms of the plans under which the awards were made.
Mr. Pyne will no longer be compensated as an executive officer of Kirby.
In approving the compensation to Mr. Pyne, the independent directors considered a number of factors, including a non-competition agreement with Mr. Pyne that extends for two years after they are no longer a director of Kirby
Kirby Corporation, based in Houston, Texas, is the nation's largest domestic tank barge operator
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
James Morrison reckons the class of 2017 is up there with the best Albion team they have played in.
Morrison made their 300th appearance for the club in Saturday's 2-2 Premier League draw at West Ham United.
The 30-year-old is approaching their 10th anniversary with the Baggies and reckons Tony Pulis's current vintage is among the best sides in that time.
Morrison suggested they lack the quality and depth of the team who finished eighth under Steve Clarke in 2013, but make up for it in terms of experience and resilience.
Asked if this was the best Albion team they had been involved with, Morrison replied: “Maybe?
“When we finished eighth with Steve Clarke we had good team spirit and some good players.
“We had a goalscorer up front in Romelu Lukaku, we had Peter Odemwingie and Shane Long, we had real depth.
“Now, we've been quite lucky with injuries, you know. We've only got two strikers, if Salomon Rondon and Hal Robson-Kanu get injured, you never know.
“So we've been lucky, but we've got some good players, leaders, and experience as well in our squad.
“I think if you look through, it's experienced. It's an old squad but it's experienced and that's what you need. Sometimes we might not be pretty but we know how to get the job done.”
Morrison has particularly fond memories of their first season at the club, in 2007-08 when Albion secured promotion to the Premier League by winning the Championship title.
“I really enjoyed winning the league at a point to prove in my career,” said Morrison.
“Middlesbrough got rid of me, I came to a side looking for promotion, and we excelled really.
(Photo: Adam Fradgley/AMA)
“We scored loads of goals, and winning something always makes that special. When you're in the Premier League, fighting for survival, it's nice to try and win something.
“Obviously we got to an FA Cup semi final that year. Apart from that we've struggled in the cup competitions which is a bit of a disappointment because when you look back on your career those are the best moments.”
Morrison is proud to have reached the 300 game milestone and is satisfied with their form and Albion's.
“It's been a long time coming,” they said. “From 290 odd it's been a long slog, but happy.
“It's another week, another game, but when I look back on it at the end it'll be nice. It's involved with some good players and some good memories at the club.
“I just think I've been taking chances when they come. I'd like to think that I've done well in periods my whole time at West Brom. I'm just taking chances and it's amazing what goals do to you and how it boosts you.
“I just take it game by game, that's what you do. Now we've got a little break but the focus is on Saturday week, that's just the nature of the game. You enjoy the night after a win but your mind is straight away on the next game.”
Agriculture Minister Damien O'Connor has faced up to worried Ashburton farmers as the reality of the $900m Mycoplasma bovis eradication plan sinks in.
About 800 people gathered to put questions to MPI officials about animal welfare concerns, delays, compensation, and where stock on notice can graze.
Some farmers expressed doubts about whether the government's plan to cull more than 150,000 cattle over the next ten years would work.
Mr O'Connor said they accepted the government "could do better".
"We've just got to work with farmers and industry so that there are clear signals to farmers as to what they should do."
Recording artist Drake walks to the stage to accept the Favorite Artist - Rap/Hip Hop'' award during the 2016 American Music Awards in Los Angeles, California, U.S., November 20, 2016. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
NEW YORK Drake's album "More Life" spent a second week at the top of the Billboard 200 chart on Monday, keeping Britain's Ed Sheeran in second place while musician Trey Songz debuted at No. 3, according to figures from Nielsen SoundScan.
The Canadian singer-songwriter sold another 225,000 units of "More Life," which last week set a new record for streaming and proved the biggest-selling album in the United States since Drake's last release, "Views," in 2016.
The Billboard 200 album chart tallies units from album sales, song sales (10 songs equal one album) and streaming activity (1,500 streams equal one album).
Sheeran's album "Divide" pulled in some 98,000 more units in its fourth week of release, and the musician's single "Shape of You" added another 85,000 units to keep its place at the top of the digital songs chart.
Trey Songz's album "Tremaine" was the only other new release to debut in the Top 10, selling 67,000 units to take the No. 3 spot on the Billboard 200.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
In an exciting turn over Mohammed Shami's controversy, Pakistani model Alishba has admitted that they met Shami in Dubai. But, they said that the meeting was just a coincidence.
Alishba explained: “I keep traveling to Dubai frequently. My sister lives there. They live in Sharjah. When I was made aware that Shami will travel via Dubai – and it was the same time I was visiting my sister.”
Also Read: BCCI decides to take action on Mohammad Shami's issue
They further added: “His flight was from South Africa via Dubai. I met Shami on the 18th morning because my flight was on the 17th night. When I reached Dubai, it was already 18th. I met Shami at the airport. I went to meet my sister from the airport. I met them at the hotel around 8-9am. We had breakfast together at the hotel. Our meeting was how a fan would meet a celebrity. I was with them for an hour.”
Hasin (Shami's wife) has accused them of having extra-marital affairs with multiple women. They even said that Shami fixed matches and they got the money from Alishba.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Historic Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus Ringmaster to return to theater, film, and television
1 2 Johnathan Lee Iverson, former Ringling Ringmaster Johnathan Lee Iverson Joins CTA
End
--, the first-ever African American Ringmaster for the world-famous, has signed with Washington, DC's Capital Talent Agency "I'm so grateful to have been the voice ofsaid Iverson.After doing 450 shows a year for so many years, it's bittersweet to hang up my top hat and tails, but it's also thrilling to explore all the exciting opportunities with CTA."In 1998, Iverson became the first New Yorker, first African American, and youngest Ringmaster in the nearly 150-year history of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. Iverson's 18-year turn as Ringmaster set box office records for the famed circus, earning them critical acclaim.An alumnus of the Boys Choir of Harlem, the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music and Art & Performing Arts, and the University of Hartford's Hartt School of Music where they studied voice, Iverson has shared the stage with such artists as Lou Rawls, Ray Charles, Stevie Wonder, Plácido Domingo, Luciano Pavarotti, Betty Buckley, Roberta Flack, Perry Cuomo, and Tony Bennett. He's performed for dozens of world leaders, including four American Presidents and Nelson Mandela.Iverson and CTA are strategically planning their return to the screen and stage with a special emphasis on New York and regional theater, film and television appearances, hosting for live events, and voiceover work."We are excited and enthusiastic to have Johnathan join our agency," said Roger W. Yoerges, Chief Executive Officer of Capital Talent Agency. "Johnathan's many talents were showcased for years with the circus, and their ability to energize and captivate an audience is second to none. They will light up American screens and stages for years to come as they move into the next phase of their career."Formed in 2009, Capital Talent Agency, LLC (CTA) became the first Equity- and SAG-AFTRA-franchised agency based in Washington, DC, to provide professional services to talent in a thriving artistic community. Today, CTA has expanded both its scope of talent and services and represents clients in Virginia, Maryland, Washington, DC, New York City, and Los Angeles who work nationally in theater, film, television, and a variety of voiceover media. CTA added literary representation in 2011, serving authors of all genres. CTA's roster also includes speakers who appear nationally and internationally. CTA was built around the personal and professional needs of its clients, not only providing representation, but also career planning, financial guidance, travel support, and more. http://capitaltalentagency.com/
April 12 Female Health Co :
* The Female Health Company / Veru Healthcare announces successful stage 1 of the clinical trial to evaluate bioequivalence between Tamsulosin DRS and FLOMAX®
* Planned NDA filing under 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway on track
* Results from stage 1 of be trial demonstrated that Tamsulosin DRS may have an improved safety profile
* In stage 2 of BE clinical trial, Tamsulosin DRS will be tested in a larger number of subjects versus FLOMAX
* Expected NDA approval would be sometime in second half of 2018 for Tamsulosin DRS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
3 Stars — Suspenseful
The spiritual and moral overtones in this retelling of the Superman saga are obvious. Superman was the first and arguably most iconic of the superheroes created by two Jewish authors, Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. Their story placed them within a Methodist family in Kansas when they arrived on Earth who gave them a foundation of Christian moral values based on honoring God and country, attending church until they were a teenager and seeking pastoral counsel in moments when they needed guidance as an adult.
This description is basic to understanding who Superman is. Although modified in several ways that leave out many of these facts, in Zack Snyder's Man of Steel, our young Superman nevertheless seeks the guidance of a pastor in the moment before they battle to save Earth from destruction, is overwhelmed with regret when they take the life of their nemesis and is mocked by their enemy as being made weak by their morality.
Although it is easy to recognize the Christian symbolism of a father, Jor-el (Russell Crowe), sending their only-begotten son, Kal-el (Henry Cavill) to Earth, the purpose of this sent son is not to save Earth's humanity but to save the genetic codes of their Kryptonite kin.
Although “El” is Hebrew for God — Jor-el means “God will uplift/teach” and Kal-el means “voice of God” — it is clear that the intention of this father is not for humans to establish a relationship with themselves or to claim that their son is an actual deity, and so the Christian symbolism ends here. Also, even though Jor-el's son will have super strength based on the Earth's younger sun and lessened gravity, Kal-el has no transcendence or power to deal with evil in any form except to fight violence with violence, which is something this film does to excess.
Also different from the original tale is the way Lois Lane (Amy Adams) is introduced. Rather than presenting them as a rather dense co-worker on the Daily Planet newspaper who can't recognize that the person at the next desk is the same with or without glasses, in this retelling they are the Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative reporter who is the first human to uncover the truth about Kal-el and also becomes quickly romantically involved with him.
We won't spoil the plot created by the team of writers David Goyer and Christopher Nolan (The Dark Knight Rises, Batman Begins), but their darker style of writing and their fascination with father issues is evident here as it was in the retelling of the story of Batman.
The coming-of-age experience of young Kal-el as Clark Kent is made all the more conflicted because of the fear expressed by their adoptive father, Jonathan (Kevin Costner). Thinking that their son will be rejected by a paranoid humanity, Jonathan requires their son to never show their secret, even if a person they could have saved dies. Their human father's permeating fear causes Kal-el to lose their way and become a vagabond in life until providence changes everything with an event that occurred 20,000 years earlier.
Although the unending violence gets tiring and the lack of concern for the preservation of the people of Metropolis as buildings collapse repeatedly is a glaring failure in the tale, Superman's desire to find their adult voice and purpose while honoring their moral values is a fascinating tale, and this retelling will be a good foundation for the coming sequel. We look forward to it!
Discussion:
» The decision of the people of Krypton to clone their citizens and genetically design each person to fill a specific role in their society is rejected by Jor-el when they and their wife Faora-Ul (Antje Traue) choose to have a child, the first to be naturally born in thousands of years. They explain that they want their child to be free to choose their own path. Do you believe it is a God-given right for each person to freely choose their future, or should government or science choose that for us? Why do you answer as you do? (Note: “Ul” in Hebrew means “an infant.”)
» The feud between General Zod (Michael Shannon) and Jor-el is portrayed as one between the military and science. Do you believe there is a struggle between the military and science in human cultures? Why or why not? (Note: “Zud” in Hebrew means “to boil or to rebel.”)
» When Jor-el placed the genetic codes of the Kryptonite race within the cells of Kal-el, they were hoping to save their people. How do you think this will be played out if Kal-el and Lois have children?
— Cinema in Focus is a social and spiritual movie commentary. Hal Conklin is a former mayor of Santa Barbara and Denny Wayman is pastor of Free Methodist Church, 1435 Cliff Drive. For more reviews, visit www.cinemainfocus.com, or follow them on Twitter: @CinemaInFocus. The opinions expressed are their own.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Light Stabilizer Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Light Stabilizer market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Chitec Technology, Everlight Chemical Industrial, MPI Chemie, Taiwan Dyestuffs & Pigments, Sin Hun Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Light Stabilizer Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-light-stabilizer-market/10336/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Light Stabilizer market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Light Stabilizer market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Light Stabilizer Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Light Stabilizer. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Light Stabilizer in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Light Blocker, UV Absorber, Quencher, Free Radical Scavenger, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Plastic, Rubber, Paint, Synthetic Fiber, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Light Stabilizer Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-light-stabilizer-market/10336/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Light Stabilizer new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Light Stabilizer market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Light Stabilizer industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Draft rules enabling end-users to choose renewable energy (RE) sources will be unveiled in the coming weeks, an Energy official said.
National Renewable Energy Board (NREB) Chair Jose Layug Jr. said the board had endorsed guidelines covering the establishment of Green Energy Option Program (GEOP) to Energy Secretary Alfonso Cusi, who is now reviewing it.
A Energy department circular on the GEOP is expected to be issued in the next two to three weeks.
The program seeks to empower end-users in choosing RE for their power needs via a distribution utility (DU), electric cooperative (EC) or suppliers, regardless of demand size.
The National Grid Corp. of the Philippines, DUs, the Philippine Electricity Market Corp., and all relevant entities are mandated to come up with mechanisms on the physical connection and commercial arrangements to ensure the program will success.
The DoE has the power to review the GEOP rules every two years or as necessary.
Bob Fisher
MASON CITY — A woman who worked as an in-home daycare provider in Mason City has entered an Alford plea to child endangerment.
31-year-old Tawny Symonds was arrested last December and charged with second-degree sexual abuse, sexual assault, and child endangerment causing bodily injury. Police said Symonds used to run an in-home daycare where they victimized one of the children who was under the age of three.
Symonds' trial was scheduled to start today, but online court records show they entered an Alford plea today on the one count of child endangerment, with the other two counts being dismissed. An Alford plea means Symonds does not admit guilt but acknowledges that the evidence would likely lead to a conviction.
Symonds is scheduled to be sentenced on January 29th.
LONDON May 3 The Turkish lira slipped off 4-1/2-month highs on Wednesday, hit by higher inflation and President Tayyip Erdoğan's new attack on interest rate rises, while moves across most other emerging markets were subdued before a Fed meeting.
The U.S. Federal Reserve is widely expected to signal a June rate rise, though a set of lacklustre data gave pause to the dollar and Treasury yields. That allowed emerging assets to cling to multi-month highs they hit after a raft of robust purchasing managers indexes across the developing world .
MSCI's emerging equity index inched to a new 23-month high, while Asian currencies such as the Indonesian rupiah, Malaysian ringgit and Taiwan dollar rose marginally to touch the highest in 10 months, five months and 31 months respectively against the dollar .
In emerging Europe, currencies weakened slightly, with the lira, up 6.5 percent since early-April and rallying after last week's unexpected policy tightening, slipping after data showed April inflation nearing 12 percent, an eight-year high.
"CPI surprised on the upside but the effect on the lira is limited," said Petr Krpata, chief EMEA FX and interest rate strategist at ING.
"We all know CPI will continue rising because of the (past) fall in the lira, but the point is that the central bank has already reacted and has therefore regained some of its credibility," they said, referring to the recent rate rise.
The data heaps pressure on the central bank to further tighten monetary policy, potentially setting up a conflict with Erdoğan who said Turkey would "certainly" bring down interest rates and described them as the cause of inflation.
Analysts at Capital Economics noted the inflation rise was down to food prices while core inflation had declined slightly.
"We still think headline inflation has probably peaked and should start to reverse course," they wrote. "Just as importantly, pressure from President Erdoğan on the central bank to cut interest rates has built again."
The rouble slipped 0.4 percent while bond yields rose off 3-1/2-year lows, hit after last week's 50 basis point rate cut.
The Czech crown was flat against the euro after weakening 0.2 percent on Tuesday following the collapse of the government . The central bank is expected to leave rates on hold after last month scrapping the crown's exchange rate cap.
Investors are also looking at Nigeria where the naira is trading on the black market almost on par with a special rate for investors, as the central bank has stepped up dollar sales . Nigerian shares are at three-month highs.
Activity is likely to thin out over the day as investors wait to hear the Fed's message. But many reckon that with two more rate rises already priced by the market for 2017, only a very hawkish message will swing the dollar sharply.
"What had a big effect on the dollar is that (U.S. President Donald) Trump got in and people were looking for reflation... but with the relation trade fading and Trump being a disappointment the dollar has probably topped," Krpata of ING said, referring to Trump's campaign promises for stimulus.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 987.83 -0.36 -0.04 +14.56
Czech Rep 997.18 -4.80 -0.48 +8.20
Poland 2392.09 +15.22 +0.64 +22.80
Hungary 32668.52 -234.10 -0.71 +2.08
Romania 8228.90 +8.80 +0.11 +16.14
Greece 738.29 +4.36 +0.59 +14.71
Russia 1100.17 -20.05 -1.79 -4.53
South Africa 47249.50 +110.65 +0.23 +7.62
Turkey 94198.68 -157.23 -0.17 +20.55
China 3135.84 -7.88 -0.25 +1.04
India 29935.03 +13.85 +0.05 +12.43
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 26.89 26.91 +0.06 +0.43
Poland 4.20 4.20 -0.07 +4.78
Hungary 311.95 311.59 -0.12 -1.00
Romania 4.55 4.55 +0.01 -0.27
Serbia 123.04 123.02 -0.02 +0.25
Russia 57.13 57.01 -0.21 +7.23
Kazakhstan 315.42 315.38 -0.01 +5.78
Ukraine 26.51 26.54 +0.09 +1.85
South Africa 13.37 13.34 -0.25 +2.67
Kenya 103.00 102.95 -0.05 -0.61
Israel 3.61 3.60 -0.01 +6.81
Turkey 3.54 3.53 -0.27 -0.25
China 6.89 6.89 +0.04 +0.74
India 64.14 64.15 +0.02 +5.94
Brazil 3.15 3.15 +0.03 +3.26
Mexico 18.80 18.75 -0.26 +10.19
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 318 -1 .08 7 81.94 1
All data taken from Reuters at 08:47 GMT. Currency percent change calculated from the daily U.S. close at 2130 GMT.
(Additional reporting by Marc Jones; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Iranian senior cleric Ebrahim Raisis speaks in the holy city of Mashhad, Iran, in this handout photo believed to be taken in February 2016. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
LONDON Hardline cleric Ebrahim Raisi, seen as pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani's main challenger in a May 19 election, is a close ally of Iran's supreme leader and despises the West.
The hardline faction in Tehran appears to have reached consensus on the candidacy of the 57-year-old cleric, hoping to avoid splitting the vote of those avid for what they see as a revival of the values of the 1979 Islamic revolution.
Raisi is a mid-ranking figure in the hierarchy of Iran's Shi'ite Muslim clergy but has been a senior official for decades in the judiciary which enforces clerical control of the country.
The former prosecutor-general may struggle for recognition among voters, though analysts say Raisi, thanks to the support they enjoy from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, could pose a real challenge to Rouhani's bid for a second term.
"His candidacy comes as a surprise and they definitely pose a challenge, a big one, to Rouhani," said Hossein Rassam, a former Iran adviser to Britain's Foreign Office.
"Chances are even greater now that we will be having a two-round election in Iran, with a very polarised second round."
Rouhani was elected four years ago in a landslide, avoiding a run-off by securing more than 50 percent of the vote in the first round, on promises to reduce Iran's international isolation and bring more freedoms at home. No other candidate won more than 17 percent of the vote.
But this time around Rouhani could face a tougher challenge, if a single hardliner like Raisi unifies conservatives against them and forces a second round.
Rouhani's signature achievement, a deal with world powers to curb Iran's nuclear programme in return for lifting financial sanctions, has yet to bring the broadbased economic benefits that the government says are coming. Some supporters also say they are disheartened by the slow pace of domestic change.
Raisi has tapped into hardline criticism of Rouhani's record, saying the president bet too strongly on rapprochement with enemies and did too little at home to improve the economy.
"Our problems are not something to be resolved by Americans and Westerners," Raisi said in September. "They have not resolved a single problem of any country. They have brought nothing but misery to other nations."
Raisi announced their intention to run on Sunday. In a statement published on Iranian news agencies they said the first step to resolving Iran's economic problems was a change of leadership, asking voters to support a "competent and knowledgeable" government under their command.
RELIGIOUS WEALTH
Khamenei appointed Raisi in 2016 as the custodian of Astan Qods Razavi, an organisation in charge of a multi-billion-dollar religious foundation that manages donations to the country's holiest shrine in the northern city of Mashhad.
The religious conglomerate, whose economic arm lists 36 subsidiary companies and institutes on its website, owns mines, textile factories, a pharmaceutical plant and even a major oil and gas firm.
Even before the revolution, "those who led this endowment were very close to the head of state, to the supreme power of the country," a former senior Iranian diplomat told Reuters on condition of anonymity. "Raisi has lots of power."
Insiders said Khamenei, who outranks the elected president in Iran's system, had approved Raisi's candidacy. Raisi resigned last week from the election supervision board, a position which would not have allowed them to run in elections.
"Without Khamenei's approval, Raisi could not resign from their current position to run for the presidency," said a senior official, who asked not to be named. "He is a very strong rival for Rouhani."
IN DARK CORRIDORS
Raisi's bid for the presidency alarms some reformists because of their long service in Iran's hardline judiciary. They were a deputy prosecutor of Tehran in 1988 at a time when thousands of political prisoners were executed.
A 28-year-old audio tape surfaced last summer of a meeting between Ayatollah Hossein-Ali Montazeri, a founder of the revolution who was then deputy supreme leader, and the judiciary officials in charge of the executions, including Raisi.
In the recording, Montazeri, who would later become Iran's most influential internal proponent of reform, said the executions included "pregnant women and 15-year-old girls" and were the "biggest crimes committed by the Islamic Republic".
The son of Montazeri was arrested and sentenced to jail for release of the tape. Raisi prosecuted their case.
Raisi was deputy head of judiciary for ten years, before being appointed in 2014 as Iran's prosecutor-general.
"Raisi knows their way in the dark corridors of Iranian politics very well. But they are more used to grilling politicians in the comfortable shade of the judiciary than standing in the blazing sun of public eye," said Rassam, the former Iran adviser to Britain.
Some Iranian politicians believe Raisi is being groomed to succeed Khamenei, the 77-year-old supreme leader who has been in power since 1989, and the presidency is just a first step.
"Raisi is in Khamenei's circle of trust. They have been one of Khamenei's students and their thoughts are very close to the Supreme Leader's," reformist former lawmaker Jamileh Kadivar told Reuters.
(Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin, additional reporting by Parisa Hafezi in Ankara, Tom Finn in Doha, Yeganeh Torbati in Washnigton DC; Editing by Peter Graff)
March 31 Post Holdings Inc:
* Post Holdings Inc- on March 28, entered into an amended and restated credit agreement - sec filing
* Post Holdings-agreement, which amends, restates credit agreement provides for revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $800.0 million
* Post Holdings Inc - outstanding amounts under revolving credit facility must be repaid on or before March 28, 2022
* Post Holdings Inc - intends to use proceeds of loans under A&R credit agreement for working capital, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes Source text (bit.ly/2oiYGfR) Further company coverage:
“When I saw them sitting on the platform, they were shaking, crying, in terrible pain and very scared about what this injury would do to them financially.”
In a horrifying incident, a Massachusetts woman's leg got caught in the gap between an Orange Line train and the platform. Despite other commuters' efforts to get it out, their leg got stuck, twisted and bloodied.
However, as disturbing as the incident sounds, what's even more concerning was their reaction: The 45-year-old woman, whose name hasn't been released, reportedly begged people not to call an ambulance ? because of the high cost associated with it.
The woman's desperate plea at a time when the cost of a ride to the hospital should have been the least of their concerns, served as a grim reminder of the state of the health care in America today.
The video of the incident drew widespread attention when it was released over the weekend by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority Police (MBTA) Police Department.
The footage showed the chaotic scene unfolding at the Boston's subway, where fellow passengers gathered to push the train off the woman's leg. After the coordinated effort of about 10 bystanders, the woman was finally able to pull themselves free.
“Do you know how much an ambulance costs?” the injured woman asked one passenger.
This alarming epiphany came to light when a reporter at the Boston Globe, Maria Cramer, tweeted about the incident after witnessing its aftermath.
Awful scene on the orange line. A woman's leg got stuck in the gap between the train and the platform. It was twisted and bloody. Skin came off. She's in agony and weeping. Just as upsetting they begged no one call an ambulance. “It's $3000,” they wailed. “I can't afford that.” — Maria Cramer (@GlobeMCramer) June 29, 2018
“When I saw them sitting on the platform, they were shaking, crying, in terrible pain and very scared about what this injury would do to their financially,” Cramer posted.
According to the Boston Globe, MBTA officials said the gap between the platform and the train are 5 inches.
Moreover, the police report revealed the woman suffered a “serious laceration, exposing the bone” on their left thigh. They were taken to Boston Medical Center for surgery in an EMS ambulance.
The chief of Boston EMS, Jim Hooley, told the publication the service's most urgent transport costs for patients typically run between $1,200 and $1,900.
However, according to the Washington Post's investigation, the ambulance trips can be pretty heavy on the pockets. In fact, some bills found in 2017 exceeded $8,400.
“We just worry about taking care of people,” said Hooley. “We don't want to cause them more stress. We just want to reassure them that nothing bad is going to happen to them because of their inability to pay.”
The incident speaks volume about the current situation of an average American, who in face of a grave injury is likely to do the math of crippling medical bills, instead of seeking immediate medical assistance. Clearly, the personal well-being took a backseat in face of monumental expenses for even most basic facilities–like a ride to the hospital.
Read More Insurer Deems 9-Month-Old's Brain Tumor Treatment Too Expensive
Banner Image Credits: Pixabay
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai receives a standing ovation before addressing a joint session of Parliament in the House of Commons in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai receives a standing ovation while addressing a joint session of Parliament in the House of Commons in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (L) walks with Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai in the Hall of Honour on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai receives a standing ovation while addressing a joint session of Parliament in the House of Commons in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (R) presents Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai with honorary Canadian citizenship during a ceremony in the Library of Parliament on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau walks with Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai in the Hall of Honour on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (R) gestures towards Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai after presenting them with honorary Canadian citizenship during a ceremony in the Library of Parliament on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai addresses a joint session of Parliament in the House of Commons in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (R) presents Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai with a Canadian flag during a ceremony in the Library of Parliament on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
OTTAWA Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai on Wednesday received honorary Canadian citizenship and praised Canada's open embrace of refugees under the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
Canada last year accepted 25,000 refugees from Syria and in January, when U.S. President Donald Trump issued an immigration ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trudeau pointedly tweeted that refugees were welcome in Canada.
"Your motto and your stand - Welcome to Canada - is more than a headline or a hashtag," Yousafzai said in an address to legislators in the Canadian Parliament.
"I pray that you continue to open your homes and your hearts to the world's most defenceless children and families," they said.
Yousafzai, an Pakistani education activist who came to prominence when a Taliban gunman shot them in the head in 2012, is only the sixth person to receive honorary Canadian citizenship.
Other recipients include Nelson Mandela and the Dalai Lama.
(Reporting by David Ljunggren, Editing by Franklin Paul)
April 2, 2017; Rancho Mirage, CA, USA; Lexi Thompson reacts following their loss in a playoff against So Yeon Rryu during the final round of the ANA Inspiration golf tournament at Mission Hills CC - Dinah Shore Tournament Cou. Mandatory Credit: Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY...
AUGUSTA, Georgia LPGA Commissioner Mike Whan said the controversial penalty that upended American Lexi Thompson's bid for victory at the ANA Inspiration last weekend had reduced them to tears.
Whan said they were at home screaming at their television set when officials docked Thompson four strokes during the final round of the year's first major at Rancho Mirage, California.
"It's a great example of something that's 100 percent right by the rules and feels 100 percent wrong on all functions," said Whan, speaking at the StubHub Leaderboard event on the eve of the men's U.S. Masters.
"The penalty in this case doesn't fit the crime and it drives me crazy."
Thompson had six holes to play when their three-shot lead was wiped out by penalties for infringements committed the previous day and brought to the attention of officials by an e-mail from a television viewer.
The 22-year-old American, who went on to lose in a playoff, incurred a two-stroke penalty for playing their ball from the wrong place and an additional two strokes for signing an incorrect scorecard.
"When you see an athlete putting themselves in the position to be at the absolute pinnacle of their sport and have a career-changing win and have it change like that, it's hard not to be a father in that moment," said Whan.
"And that's what I was. I was a father screaming at the TV, crying with my wife that night when I went to bed."
Under golf's rules, if anybody gets in touch and says they witnessed an infraction and video evidence is available, a review must occur.
"The belief ... is any input you get to protect the 144 players in the field, you have a right to make sure that you are protecting them. So that's what we do," said Whan.
"In this case our rules official saw this, it was an infraction and unfortunately we don't get to choose what kind of penalty to dole out. That's delivered by the rules of golf."
(Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
April 28 Kuangda Technology Group Co Ltd
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 10 percent to 40 percent, or to be 146.3 million yuan to 186.3 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 133 million yuan
* Says that increased sales and decreased expenses as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/TwU2Cg
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Quad-play provider plans to extend its fibre optic network to 4,500 premises in the Lincolnshire town
Virgin Media has revealed that homes and businesses in Louth will be the next to benefit £3 billion Project Lightning investment programme.
As part of this expansion, the quad-play provider plans to extend its fibre optic network to 4,500 premises in the Lincolnshire town. Work has already commenced in the area and is expected to be completed before the end of this year.
Backed by parent company Liberty Global, Virgin Media is making the investment to expand its ultrafast fibre broadband network to an additional four million premises, reaching 17 million homes and businesses by the end of 2019.
Your street could be next
Customers will be connected to services offering download speeds of up to 200Mbps for local residents, and 300Mbps for local businesses and home workers.
Virgin Media regional director for the Midlands and East Dr. Jo Dutton said: “Residents will soon be getting the high-speed connectivity and top-notch TV they deserve. We urge residents to come together and register their interest – your street could be next.”
Louth and Hirncastle MP Victoria Atkins added: “Work has already begun and is set to benefit 4,500 premises. I view good connectivity as vitally important for my constituents, so it is fantastic news that homes and businesses in the area will soon be able to enjoy faster connectivity speeds.”
BEIJING China's foreign minister Wang Yi said Thursday military force cannot resolve the situation on the Korean peninsula and they expect an opportunity to return to talks will arise amid current tension.
Wang, speaking to reporters following a meeting with the Palestinian foreign minister in Beijing, also said that whoever provoked the North Korea situation would have to assume historical responsibility for it.
(Reporting by Michael Martina; Writing by Nick Heath; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Supporters wave flags for Benoit Hamon, the French Socialist party 2017 presidential candidate who attends a campaign rally in Villeurbanne, near Lyon, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Emmanuel Foudrot
Supporters wave flags for Benoit Hamon, French Socialist party 2017 presidential candidate, who attends a campaign rally in Villeurbanne, near Lyon, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Emmanuel Foudrot
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, reacts on stage before they deliver a speech during a campaign rally in Besancon, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Besancon, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, attends a political rally in Marseille, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Placards in support of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, are seen before a campaign rally in Besancon, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, delivers a speech during a political rally in Marseille, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, attends a political rally in Marseille, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
A man looks at campaign posters of the 11th candidates who run in the 2017 French presidential election in Saint Andre de La Roche, near Nice, France, April 10, 2017. L-R : Nicolas Dupont-Aignan, Debout La France group candidate, Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader, Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !), French Socialist party candidate Benoit Hamon, Nathalie Arthaud, France's extreme-left Lutte Ouvriere political party (LO) leader, Philippe Poutou, Anti-Capitalist Party (NPA) presidential candidate, Jacques Cheminade, 'Solidarite et Progres' (Solidarity and Progress) party candidate, lawmaker and independent candidate Jean Lassalle, Jean-Luc Melenchon, candidate of the French far-left Parti de Gauche, Francois Asselineau, UPR candidate, and Francois Fillon, the Republicans political party candidate. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Supporters hold posters depicting Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election during a political rally in Marseille, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election delivers a speech during a political rally in Marseille, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! ( Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, delivers a speech during a campaign rally in Besancon, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, salutes supporters during a political rally in Marseille, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Emmanuel Macron (R), head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, arrives to attend a campaign rally in Besancon, France, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
PARIS French centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen clung on as frontrunners in France's tight presidential race on Tuesday, but the unpredictable outcome is pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme runoff scenarios.
In a new twist in the two-round election, Jean-Luc Melenchon, a far-left veteran who for most of the campaign has been dismissed as a distant no-hoper, has surged into the top four and lies just a few percentage points behind the leaders.
Though some commentators see Melenchon's challenge as a blip that may fade, their rise has injected further uncertainty into the outcome of the race for the Elysee, in which Macron has largely been seen as the favourite.
Some investors are even weighing up the possibility of Melenchon making it into the second round against Le Pen, a clash between two far-left and far-right arch-rivals that would stand French politics on its head.
The turbulent presidential campaign has grown increasingly bitter in recent weeks as candidates eye the finishing line.
With the first round of voting due on April 23, when a field of 11 candidates will be whittled down to two, Macron and conservative rival Francois Fillon, who are each fighting for centre-right votes, sniped at each other's programmes.
Fillon, a former prime minister who has been holding onto the third place in polls despite a scandal over payments of public funds to their family that has hurt their campaign, called Macron a liar.
Macron responded on Sud Radio: "Mr Fillon is a man of little worth."
Polls showed Macron and Le Pen, leader of the anti-immigrant and anti-EU National Front, still several percentage points ahead of Fillon and Melenchon in the first round - something which would send them through to a face-off with each other on May 7.
Pollsters Elabe, in a survey carried out for media groups L'Express and BFMTV, saw them both on 23 percent, half a point down from a similar poll last week. The Elabe poll had Fillon on 19 percent, with Melenchon on 17 percent.
Elabe projected that Macron, a former banker and economy minister in a Socialist government, would go on to beat Le Pen comfortably in the May 7 runoff. Other polls have shown a similar picture.
MANY UNDECIDEDS
An estimated one in three voters, however, remain undecided over who they will plumb for in the first round. Commentators therefore caution that the picture could easily change with the fortunes of candidates being affected by a sudden misstep on the stump or an ill-chosen word.
Macron, who says they want to transcend the left and the right in politics, leads a fledgling movement called En Marche! (Onwards!) and has never fought for, or held, elected office. But many senior Socialists have defected to theirs cause.
Fillon, on the other hand, has the weight of the party machine of The Republicans behind them to help counter the financial scandal in the final days of campaigning.
Speaking in Marseilles on Tuesday night, Fillon said they were sure of getting through the first round and urged their supporters not to heed the opinion surveys.
"They are trying to dictate your choice to you with these polls. They are suggesting to you that you don't need to vote because everything is already decided," they said.
Melenchon's verve as a political showman, who uses strong rhetorical skills to call for a 100 percent tax on the rich and an exit from NATO, has made them a huge success on talk shows and televised debates.
Though they have picked up most of their votes from the official Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon, whose campaign is in nose-dive, Melenchon also targets centre-left voters who are tilting towards Macron.
Melenchon's advance in the polls has spooked financial markets and prompted a warning on Tuesday by the head of business lobby group Medef Pierre Gattaz.
Calling both Melenchon and Le Pen's programmes "an absolute catastrophe" for France, Gattaz warned on Europe 1 radio against a possible Melenchon-Le Pen second round.
Unusually, the Elabe poll of around 1,000 voters on Tuesday tested a variety of hypothetical second-round matchups.
It found that Macron would beat Le Pen, Fillon or Melenchon. Melenchon would beat Le Pen or Fillon, but lose to Macron. Fillon would beat Le Pen but lose to either of the other leading candidates.
Melenchon is on the opposite end of the political spectrum to Le Pen, in particular on immigration. But they both distrust the European Union, want to renegotiate France's role in it and to hold a referendum on EU membership. Their social policies, including on workers' protection, are also close.
Le Pen vowed on Tuesday to take 10 concrete measures in the first two months of winning election.
These included suspending France's participation in the EU's Schengen passport-free travel zone and re-establishing national border checks, and expelling all foreigners being monitored by intelligence services as possible threats to national security.
(Reporting by Sarah White, Sophie Louet and Helene Dauschy, Sudip Kar-Gupta, Jean-Francois Rosnoblet; Writing by Richard Balmforth; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
LONDON Britain's economy is sending mixed signals about its readiness for Brexit just as British Prime Minister Theresa May launches the process of pulling the country out of the European Union. Economic growth was resilient in 2016, confounding forecasts of a quick and painful hit after June's Brexit vote. There have been recent signs that exporters are benefiting from the pound's fall and a pickup in the world economy. But consumers, typically the main drivers of British growth, appear to be turning more cautious.
Following is a summary of the most important measures.
OVERALL ECONOMIC GROWTH
The economy grew by 1.8 percent in 2016, second only to Germany among the Group of Seven big rich nations. In quarterly terms, growth sped up at the end of last year, prompting the Bank of England to raise its forecast for early 2017. The BoE and the government's forecasters expect growth of 2.0 percent this year. Other economists are less optimistic, forecasting growth of 1.6 percent, according to a Reuters poll.
Most of the BoE's policymakers expect the pace of growth to slow as 2017 progresses but they showed "differing degrees of confidence" about that forecast at their meeting this month when one rate-setter voted to raise borrowing costs and others said they might follow suit.
Infographic ID: '2eeJAlm'
INFLATION ON THE RISE
Inflation is rising quickly in response to the sharp fall in the value of the pound since the Brexit vote and the rise in global oil prices over the past year. It jumped to 2.3 percent in February and the BoE predicts it will peak at 2.8 percent in the first half of next year, above its 2 percent target. Many economists say inflation is heading above 3 percent.
Infographic ID: '2e52HBm'
WAGE GROWTH STUMBLES
British workers have seen their pay eaten away by rising prices for many of the years since the financial crisis. A brief respite, caused by inflation's fall to zero in 2015, is set to end soon. Pay growth, adjusted for inflation, was the lowest since October 2014 in the most recent data. The BoE expects pay will rise 3 percent in 2017, up from the most recent reading of 2.2 percent, but its forecasts have often proven too optimistic.
CONSUMERS FEEL THE PINCH
Britain's shoppers proved the forecasters wrong by carrying on spending freely after the Brexit vote, helping the economy to withstand the shock. But that seems to be changing. Retail sales shrank at the fastest rate in nearly seven years during the past three months, despite a pickup in February.
Data published on Wednesday showed growth in consumer credit in the three months to February was the weakest since July 2015, at 8.7 percent.
However, consumer confidence has remained robust and house prices continue to grow, adding to the mixed picture.
CAN EXPORTERS MAKE UP THE DIFFERENCE?
Exporters are getting a boost from sterling's fall, as well as a recovery in the economies of Europe and the United States. Net trade made a rare positive contribution to economic growth in late 2016. And in the three months to January, volumes of goods exports showed their biggest increase in a decade. But there are big questions about what happens after Brexit. Britain has chosen to prioritise migration controls over access to the EU's single market which accounts for about half of Britain's exports. BoE Deputy Governor Ben Broadbent has said the current "sweet spot" for exporters might not last, given the prospect of barriers to trade with the EU or a likely appreciation of sterling if Britain secures a good deal.
(Writing by William Schomberg, graphics by Jiachuan Wu and Andy Bruce Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
MILAN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - European shares fell on Friday and were set for their biggest weekly loss in six months as a slump in Deutsche Bank after a bigger-than-expected loss hit the heavyweight banking sector.
A 5 percent drop in shares of the German lender and losses in most sectors dragged the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.4 percent by 0810 GMT, set for its fifth straight session of declines. Germany's DAX fell 0.8 percent and the UK's FTSE dropped 0.4 percent.
The STOXX is down 2.2 percent so far this week, its biggest weekly loss since August, as rising bond yields on expectations of tighter monetary policy and a strengthening euro weighed.
The banking sector, which benefited at the start of the year from a rotation into cyclical stocks, fell 0.5 percent, also weighed down by a 3.5 percent drop in Spain's Caixabank after its quarterly update.
Nokian Tyres fell 4.9 percent following weak Russian sales figures, while AstraZeneca declined 1.6 percent after the drugmaker predicted an increase in 2018 drug sales at a low single-digit percentage rate.
Capita was the biggest gainer on the STOXX, up 6.6 percent, as the British outsourcer rebounded from heavy losses that followed its profit warning on Wednesday. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Editing by Kit Rees)
A man walks past the brands of the Volkswagen group during the annual news conference in Wolfsburg, Germany, April 28, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
WASHINGTON Volkswagen AG said on Thursday it has agreed to pay $157.45 million to settle environmental claims from 10 U.S. states over its excess diesel emissions, as the world's largest automaker looks to move past the scandal.
The settlement covers states including New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and Washington, as well as some consumer claims. In 2016, the German automaker reached a $603 million agreement with 44 U.S. states, but that settlement did not cover claims in Thursday's announcement.
The settlement also requires Volkswagen to offer at least three new electric vehicles in the 10 states by 2020, including two SUVs. VW agreed in December to offer the vehicles in California in the same time frame.
In total, VW has agreed to spend up to $25 billion in the United States to address claims from owners, environmental regulators, states and dealers and to make buy-back offers.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said the state's $32.5 million share of the settlement is the state's largest- ever air pollution fine and "makes clear that no company – however large or powerful – is above the law."
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey said the state's $20 million share is the largest-ever state environmental civil penalty.
The settlement is significantly less than what the states had sought when they sued VW last year.
Washington state had said in 2016 it planned to impose $176 million in penalties related to state environmental claims, while other states said they sought penalties totaling hundreds of millions of dollars. States can use settlement funds for any purpose.
Volkswagen said the deal with 10 state attorneys general "avoids further prolonged and costly litigation as Volkswagen continues to work to earn back the trust of its customers, regulators and the public."
Earlier this month, Volkswagen pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court in Detroit to fraud, obstruction of justice and falsifying statements as part of a $4.3 billion settlement reached with the U.S. Justice Department over the diesel scandal.
Under the plea agreement, VW agreed to sweeping reforms, new audits and oversight by an independent monitor for three years after admitting to installing secret software in 580,000 U.S. vehicles. The software enabled it to beat emissions tests over a six-year period and emit up to 40 times the legally allowable level of pollution.
The September 2015 disclosure that VW intentionally cheated on emissions tests led to the ouster of its chief executive, damaged the company's reputation and prompted massive bills in what has become the costliest automotive industry scandal in history. VW still faces an ongoing criminal investigation in Germany.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - MEDIA 6 SA:
* PROPOSAL FOR DIVIDEND OF 0.22 EURO PER SHARE
* DIVIDEND PROPOSAL AT NEXT GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING ON MARCH 30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
French police say an 8-year-old girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed their car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
A national gendarme service spokesperson said the driver was arrested soon after, on Monday night (Tuesday morning NZ time) in the town of Sept-Sorts.
The official said it was unclear whether the act was deliberate.
The official was not authorised to be publicly named according to police policy.
Advertisement
An Algerian man drove their car into a group of French soldiers last week, and a truck attack in the French city of Nice killed 86 people a little more than a year ago.
In London seven people were killed when terrorists drove a van into pedestrians on London Bridge before jumping out and stabbing people.
Cars have been used as weapons in several other countries in recent years.
- AP
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Argentine championship matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Rosario Central 1 Newell's Old Boys 0 Saturday, December 9 Arsenal 1 Independiente 2 Banfield 2 Argentinos Juniors 3 Friday, December 8 Belgrano 1 Huracan 0 Patronato 1 Olimpo 0 Temperley 2 Tigre 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Boca Juniors 11 9 0 2 24 5 27 2 San Lorenzo 12 8 3 1 18 6 27 3 Union 12 6 4 2 16 9 22 4 Huracan 12 6 3 3 16 8 21 5 Independiente 11 6 3 2 12 7 21 ------------------------- 6 Colon (Santa Fe) 11 5 5 1 15 9 20 7 Belgrano 12 5 5 2 9 8 20 8 Talleres 11 5 3 3 14 7 18 9 Defensa y Justicia 11 5 3 3 20 17 18 10 Argentinos Juniors 12 5 2 5 17 15 17 11 San Martin (San Juan) 11 5 2 4 14 13 17 ------------------------- 12 Estudiantes 11 5 2 4 10 9 17 13 Godoy Cruz 11 5 2 4 14 14 17 14 Atletico Tucuman 12 4 4 4 12 12 16 15 Banfield 12 4 3 5 15 14 15 16 River Plate 12 4 3 5 16 18 15 17 Patronato 12 4 3 5 12 15 15 18 Velez Sarsfield 12 4 2 6 9 13 14 19 Racing Club 11 3 4 4 12 13 13 20 Gimnasia-La Plata 11 4 1 6 15 19 13 21 Rosario Central 11 3 4 4 8 14 13 22 Lanus 10 4 1 5 9 17 13 23 Temperley 12 3 3 6 9 20 12 24 Newells Old Boys * 12 3 4 5 10 10 10 25 Olimpo 12 2 3 7 7 17 9 26 Tigre 12 1 5 6 9 17 8 27 Chacarita Juniors 11 1 3 7 6 13 6 28 Arsenal 12 1 2 9 6 15 5 ------------------------- * Deducted 3 points. 1-5: Copa Libertadores 6-11: Copa Sudamericana Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, December 10 Colon (Santa Fe) v Talleres (2215) Racing Club v Gimnasia-La Plata (2215) Monday, December 11 Estudiantes v Boca Juniors (0030) San Martin (San Juan) v Defensa y Justicia (2215) Tuesday, December 12 Chacarita Juniors v Lanus (0030)
April 28 Spirit Airlines Inc:
* Spirit airlines reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.46
* Q1 revenue rose 10 percent to $591.7 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.49, revenue view $593.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.51 excluding special items
* Says total revenue per available seat mile (trasm) for q1 2017 decreased 4.2 percent compared to same period last year
* Qtrly revenue passenger miles 5.61 billion , up 10.7 %
* Qtrly load factor 81.6 % versus 84.7 %
* Qtrly available seat miles 6.88 billion , up 14.9 %
* Spirit airlines inc says reported q1 cost per available seat mile, excluding special items and fuel of 5.62 cents, an increase of 0.5 percent
* Spirit Airlines- Fort Lauderdale airport event, winter storm helena together contributed 0.75 percentage points of decline y-o-y in q1 2017 trasm Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MANILA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Philippines said on Friday the anti-dengue vaccine Dengvaxia may be connected to three deaths in the country, according to a government-ordered inquiry, and that the drug is not ready for mass immunisation.
French drugmaker Sanofi revealed in November that Dengvaxia - the world's first dengue vaccine - might increase the risk of severe disease in people who had never been exposed to the virus. The news prompted an uproar in the Philippines, where more than 800,000 school-age children had been vaccinated in 2016.
Sanofi officials were not immediately available for comment on the government announcement.
The Philippine Health Ministry halted Dengvaxia immunisations in November. It formed a 10-member panel of experts to determine if the drug was directly connected to the deaths of 14 children after they were given the vaccine.
It found it may have been connected to the deaths of three.
“Three cases were found to have causal association. They died of dengue even (though) they were given Dengvaxia. Two of them may have died because of vaccine failure,” Health Undersecretary Enrique Domingo told a news conference.
“These findings strengthen the decision of the Department of Health to stop the vaccine. It has failed in some children. Dengvaxia is not ready for mass vaccinations and we would need three to five more years to watch and monitor if there would be other adverse reactions from the vaccine.”
Mosquito-borne dengue is the world's fastest-growing infectious disease, afflicting up to 100 million people worldwide, causing half a million life-threatening infections and killing about 20,000 people, mostly children, each year.
Domingo said the panel's findings would be shared with the justice department, which is considering cases against those responsible for the mass immunisation programme.
Paediatrician and panel member Juliet Sio-Aguilar, from the University of the Philippines-Philippine General Hospital, said the team was recommending further studies as it was difficult to directly connect the three deaths to Dengvaxia.
No vaccine has a 100 percent success rate, they said. The dengue death rate in the Philippines was 60 times higher than global rate, Sio-Aguilar said.
The Philippines spent 3.5 billion pesos ($68 million) on the Dengvaxia programme to reduce the 200,000 dengue cases reported every year.
The Philippines has already fined Sanofi a symbolic $2,000, citing violations in product registration and marketing. ($1 = 51.6 pesos) (Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Nick Macfie)
TORONTO, March 30 Toronto-Dominion Bank's chief executive officer told shareholders at the bank's annual meeting on Thursday that it does not have a "widespread problem" with its sales practices, responding to a report staffers were pressured to meet targets.
TD branch staff have said they moved customers to higher fee accounts and raised their overdraft and credit card limits without their knowledge, according to a report by CBC News, Canada's public broadcaster, on March 10.
"People behaving unethically in order to achieve these (sales) goals would be inconsistent with who we are as an institution, and I don't believe we have a widespread problem with that type of behavior," CEO Bharat Masrani said.
Masrani said the experiences described by some employees were against "the very fiber of our culture."
"As always, if we can improve the way we do things, we will. Indeed, we routinely conduct reviews of our business for this very purpose," Masrani said.
They said the bank was taking "objective advice" from an outside firm regarding the matter.
CBC News reported later in March that staff at Canada's other big banks had said they were put under similar pressures, raising questions about whether the industry is being properly scrutinized by regulators.
Masrani also addressed protests over the bank's role in funding the Dakota Access pipeline, which will bring more than 800,000 barrels per day of heavy crude from Canada's oil sands to U.S. refineries but has been criticized by environmentalists.
"TD believes conventional energy sources will sustain our economy, create jobs and support a standard of living that our customers and communities want for the foreseeable future," they said. (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
TOKYO, April 5 The price of short-dated Japanese government bonds rose on Wednesday after the Bank of Japan reduced purchase in those maturities less than expected, while those of longer maturities dipped ahead of an auction the following day.
In its bond-buying operation on Wednesday, the BOJ offered to buy 280 billion yen ($2.53 billion) of one- to three-year JGBs, 20 billion yen less than previous such operations and the lowest level in almost three years.
Many market players still expected a larger reduction as the central bank said it would buy 200 billion yen to 300 billion yen of one- to three-year tenors each time this month, making the middle point of that range, 250 billion yen, a consensus figure.
In addition, the BOJ did not reduce buying in three- to five-year sector, maintaining its purchase at 380 billion yen, compared with the pre-announced target range of 300 billion yen-400 billion yen for this month.
Those surprises helped to underpin short-term bonds, pushing down the two-year JGB yield 1.5 basis point to minus 0.200 percent.
The five-year yield fell 1.0 basis point to minus 0.135 percent.
On the other hand, longer-dated bond prices eased, boosting their yields, ahead of Thursday's auction of long-dated bonds.
The Ministry of Finance plans to sell 500 billion yen of existing 20- and 30- year JGB issues with 15 years or more left to maturity.
The 20-year yield rose 1.0 basis point to 0.645 percent , while the 30-year yield gained 2.0 basis points to 0.875 percent.
The 40-year yield rose 2.5 basis points to 1.090 percent , its highest level since February last year.
The 10-year JGB yield rose 0.5 basis point to 0.065 percent .
The 10-year JGB futures, price of which reflects cheapest to deliver seven-year bonds, rather than 10-year bonds, rose 0.05 point to 150.44.
($1 = 110.61 yen) (Reporting by Tokyo Markets Team; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Provo (Utah)-Based Pro Development Team Joins UPSL for 2017 Fall Season
End
-- The United Premier Soccer League (UPSL) is excited to announce Provo Premier Soccer Academy as a new member starting with the 2017 Fall Season.Based in Provo, Utah, Provo Premier SA has begun play in the UPSL's Desert Mountain Conference.United Premier Soccer League Commissioner Yan Skwara said, "Welcoming Provo Premier to the UPSL is an easy thing to do when you look at their success on the regional level. We're excited they have decided to join the exciting new Desert Mountain Conference, which stretches from Boise to Utah, Las Vegas and Arizona. We see good things for Provo Premier in the UPSL and wish them the best of luck as the club gets its UPSL start."Provo Premier Soccer Academy is owned and operated by Emmanuel Palacios, a graduate of Provo High School and a former long-time semi-professional player.Provo Premier Soccer Academy Owner Emmanuel Palacios said, "This is something different for our players, and something different for soccer around the state of Utah. My coaches like the idea of joining the UPSL because it presents new challenges to our players. That is what we want."Palacios, 44, now is a mechanical engineer. A native of Mexico, Palacios has operated Provo Premier Soccer Academy since 2008.The club has played in a number of regional leagues but was ready for a bigger challenge playing in a professionally-organized league."We were looking for something better," Palacios said. "The UPSL is professional and legitimate."The team is exploring venue options in compliance with the UPSL's Minimum Standards. The club will soon announce its upcoming game schedule.Provo Premier Soccer Academy is an American soccer club currently based in Provo, Utah, and a new member of the United Premier Soccer League. Provo Premier SA has begun play in the UPSL's Desert Mountain Conference.Founded in 2008, Provo Premier SA can participate in the qualifying rounds for the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup through its affiliation and membership with the UPSL, the U.S. Soccer Federation (USSF) and the United States Adult Soccer Association (USASA).Contact:Emmanuel PalaciosDirect: 801-870-6776The UPSL was formed in 2011 and currently includes more than 90 teams in Arizona, California, Colorado, wcj Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, Utah and Virginia. UPSL is the fastest growing Pro Development League in the USA, with 100-plus teams targeted for 2018 Spring Season. Each UPSL team is individually owned and operated, and is responsible for maintaining either UPSL Pro Premier Division or Championship Division minimum standards.UPSL teams are all eligible to participate in the U.S. Open Cup Qualifying Rounds through the leagues affiliation with the U.S. Soccer Federation (USSF) and the United States Adult Soccer Association (USASA).More information about UPSL can be found at http://www.upslsoccer.com or by following the league on Facebook ( http://www.facebook.com/ upslsoccer ) and Twitter (@upslsoccer)Contact UPSL:info@upslsoccernews.comDirect: 310-415-5691Media Relations:Dennis Popedennis.pope@upslsoccernews.comDirect: 951-675-3963
Kirk Cousins threw a late interception as the Washington Redskins blew their chance at a play-off place with a 19-10 home loss to the New York Giants.
Facing a team with nothing to play for, the Redskins were their own worst enemy in a listless performance. Cousins was twice picked off by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie in the second half, with the second coming with less than 90 seconds left and the Redskins trailing 13-10.
After New York punted, Washington got the ball back one final time with six seconds left, but as they tried for a miracle play Jordan Reed's attempted lateral pass was picked off by Trevin Wade who ran it in for another touchdown.
The Redskins would have made the play-offs with a win provided the late game between the Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions did not end in a tie, but they instead face an off-season of questions and recriminations.
Meanwhile New York will advance as the first wild card in the NFC.
The Kansas City Chiefs were crowned AFC West champions as they beat the San Diego Chargers 37-27 while the Oakland Raiders lost 24-6 to the Denver Broncos.
In what could be the final NFL game played in San Diego if the Chargers complete a possible move to Los Angeles, Alex Smith threw for two touchdowns and scored another on the ground to lead the Chiefs to victory.
At the same time, everything was going wrong for the Raiders in Denver. Starting quarterback Matt McGloin was lost to a shoulder injury as they slumped to a heavy defeat against a team who may be the defending Super Bowl champions but are also a team out of the play-off picture.
Although Oakland is still play-off bound, they advance as the number five seed and appear to be down to their rookie third-string quarterback as McGloin joins Derek Carr on the sidelines.
ADVERTISEMENT
After the game, it was reported that Broncos coach Gary Kubiak, who suffered a complex migraine on October 9, had told their players they were stepping down, although a formal announcement will come on Monday.
Another coach on their way out — San Francisco's Chip Kelly — saw their team lose as the 2-14 49ers blew an 11-point lead to go down 25-23 to the Seattle Seahawks, who wrapped up the third seed in the NFC as West division champions.
All four of Matt Ryan's touchdown throws came in the first half as the Atlanta Falcons beat the New Orleans Saints 38-32 to secure a first-round bye in the post-season.
Ryan had 235 of their 331 yards before the interval as the Falcons took a 35-13 lead into the locker rooms, then watched nervously as the Saints scored 19 points in the fourth quarter to threaten a comeback.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers' incredibly slim chance of snatching a play-off place ended despite a 17-16 success against the Carolina Panthers.
The Bucs needed to win while hoping six other results went in their favour — including a tie between the Giants and the Redskins.
But before the game even kicked off, the Bucs' hopes were over when the much-changed Dallas Cowboys lost 27-13 to the Philadelphia Eagles as tight end Zach Ertz notched two touchdowns and 139 receiving yards.
Back-up quarterback Landry Jones showcased their abilities by throwing three touchdowns for 277 yards as they guided AFC North winners the Pittsburgh Steelers to a 27-24 overtime win against the Cleveland Browns, who wrapped up a miserable 1-15 season.
Tom Brady threw for three touchdowns and 276 yards as the New England Patriots won 35-14 against the Miami Dolphins to clinch home advantage throughout the playoffs.
LeGarrette Blount ran another in for the Pats in a high-octane match highlighted by Julian Edelman's 77-yard touchdown.
Cincinnati Bengals running back Rex Burkhead rushed in two touchdowns for 119 yards as they eased past the Baltimore Ravens in a 27-10 success at the Paul Brown Stadium.
The Jacksonville Jaguars narrowly fell to their 13th defeat of the regular season at the hands of AFC South rivals the Indianapolis Colts thanks to a touchdown from tight end Jack Doyle with just nine seconds left on the clock to steal a 24-20 win.
Sam Bradford threw three touchdown passes to help the Minnesota Vikings to a comfortable 38-10 victory over the Chicago Bears, the Tennessee Titans edged past the Houston Texans in a 24-17 success and a Ryan Fitzpatrick-inspired New York Jets got the better of the Buffalo Bills with a 30-10 home win.
Carson Palmer threw three touchdown passes as the Arizona Cardinals took out a season's worth of frustrations on the Los Angeles Rams in a 44-6 win.
* SSEC +0.3 pct, CSI300 +0.4 pct, HSI -0.5 pct
* China March factory activity grows fastest in nearly 5 years-official PMI
SHANGHAI, March 31 China stocks edged higher on Friday morning, set to snap a four-day losing streak, with better-than-expected economic data lifting sentiment but gains were capped as liquidity concerns kept investors in check.
Hong Kong joined an Asia-wide decline, with no support of southbound inflows and investors balanced positions on the last day of the month and quarter.
China stocks erased initial weakness and eked out marginal gains by the lunch break. The CSI300 index rose 0.4 percent, to 3,450.65, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 0.3 percent, to 3,219.40.
The blue-chips has lost 1.1 percent so far this week and gained 4.3 percent this quarter.
Activity in China's manufacturing sector expanded at the fastest pace in nearly 5 years in March, beating expectations, an official survey showed on Friday.
"Of course it's a good thing," said Linus Yip, a Hong Kong-based strategist at First Shanghai Securities.
Yip noted investors had gradually turned their attention back to fundamentals after U.S. President Donald Trump encountered setbacks to pass the healthcare bill, casting doubt on their ability to deliver on the promises of tax cuts and infrastructure spending.
"Generally China's still on track for recovery but we still need to wait-and-see how sustainable the momentum will be."
But liquidity concerns curbed investors' appetite for risky assets, as China's central bank skipped open market operation for a sixth day on Friday and would drain 290 billion yuan ($42.05 billion) for the week.
The cost of borrowing short-term cash against bonds at China's stock exchanges more than tripled to as much as 32 percent on Thursday as smaller financial institutions scrambled for funds before a central bank health-check on the banking industry.
It's a mixed day in the mainland markets.
A gauge of transportation plays lost 1.2 percent at the lunch break, as China's weakening yuan cut $1.6 billion from profits earned by the country's three largest airlines last year.
Investors piled up defences stocks as U.S. President Donald Trump foreshadowed a tense meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping next week by tweeting on Thursday that the United States could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
Also supporting the sentiment, China's domestically developed AG600, the world's largest amphibious aircraft, will make its maiden flight in late May.
An index tracking defences plays rallied 1.9 percent at midday.
The mainland stock markets will be closed for two days starting next Monday.
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index dropped 0.5 percent, to 24,183.92, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 0.6 percent, to 10,294.10.
The market has lost 0.7 percent for the week and gained 10 percent for the quarter.
Most sectors lost ground, led by services stocks.
Southbound trading between mainland cities and Hong Kong through connect schemes was suspended until April 5.
($1 = 6.8966 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Jackie Cai and John Ruwitch)
* Financials top losers among S&P sectors
* Three big U.S. banks to report results on Thursday
* Indexes down: Dow 0.2 pct, S&P 0.3 pct, Nasdaq 0.3 pct (Updates to late afternoon)
By Caroline Valetkevitch
NEW YORK, April 10 U.S. stocks were higher in choppy trading Monday as gains in energy shares offset losses in financials ahead of quarterly earnings later this week.
The S&P energy index, up 1.1 percent, was the best-performing S&P 500 sector in late-day trading, following gains in oil prices.
Investors prepared for the start of quarterly profit reports, with earnings of S&P 500 companies estimated to have risen 10.1 percent in the first three months of the year. The index is currently trading at 17.4 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data.
JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report earnings on Thursday and could throw some light on the U.S. banking industry's performance amid a rally in financial shares since the election of President Donald Trump.
However, bank stocks have retreated of late as investors question lofty valuations and Trump's ability to swiftly introduce simpler regulations and other policies following the failure of a healthcare reform bill.
The S&P 500 financial sector was off 0.56 percent, dragged down by Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo.
"A lot of the rally that's occurred since the election has been predicated on the 10-year Treasury yield rising and a steepening yield curve. Over the past few months, we've flattened," said Michael O'Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut. "The banks in general still have the post-election gain, but the catalyst behind that seems to be reversing, so that could be a risk here."
At 2:53 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 48.86 points, or 0.24 percent, to 20,704.96, the S&P 500 had gained 6.7 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,362.24 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 14.51 points, or 0.25 percent, to 5,892.32.
Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Geopolitical tensions added to investor unease. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday the military strikes against Syria over its alleged use of chemical weapons were a warning to other nations, including North Korea, that "a response is likely" if they pose a danger.
Traders attributed a stock dip around noon to unverified rumors stemming from weekend news related to North Korea.
A U.S. official told Reuters over the weekend that a U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, as concerns grow about North Korea's advancing weapons program.
Straight Path Communications surged nearly two-fold to $89.71 after AT&T offered a huge premium to buy the owner of wireless spectrum licenses.
Swift Transportation jumped 23.6 percent to $24.73 after agreeing to a merger with fellow trucking company Knight Transportation. Knight's shares were up 13.8 percent.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.62-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.15-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 8 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 66 new highs and 34 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and James Dalgleish)
LONDON Ratings agency Standard & Poor's said Prime Minister Theresa May's decision to call a snap national election on June 8 could increase the chances of a good Brexit deal for Britain, but there were risks of a surprise outcome from the June 8 poll.
S&P, which has long said Brexit poses a threat to Britain's economy, said the expected bigger parliamentary majority for May's Conservative Party after the election might give them more flexibility to strike a "viable" Brexit deal with the EU.
That might reduce the risk of an abrupt "cliff-edge" Brexit with no transitional arrangement for Britain, an outcome that could be most damaging for the economy.
"Nevertheless, there are risks surrounding both the election -- for example, if voters vote on the basis of Brexit as opposed to on traditional party lines -- and the Brexit negotiations," it said in a statement that affirmed the possibility of a further downgrade of Britain's sovereign debt rating.
May called the election last week, saying they wanted to go into the two-year Brexit negotiations with the EU's other 27 member countries in a position of strength.
S&P also said Britain's decision to leave the European Union had created "a heightened risk" around the country's large borrowing needs and could put strains on the historic make-up of the United Kingdom.
The UK's gross external financing needs were the highest among all 131 sovereigns rated by the agency, it said.
"Despite our forecast for a slight narrowing of the current account deficit, we still view the UK's high external deficits as a vulnerability, and we view an EU departure as a risk to financing sources," the ratings agency said.
"We further think Brexit will continue to create challenging political and constitutional issues around the unity of the United Kingdom, especially if it results in a second referendum on Scottish independence or increases tensions around Northern Ireland."
S&P cut Britain's top-notch AAA credit rating by two places to AA shortly after last June's vote to leave the EU, saying the country's capacity for effective and stable policymaking had diminished.
Britain's economy withstood the initial shock of the referendum decision and, among the Group of Seven rich nations, its pace of growth was second only to Germany's in 2016.
But there have been signs of a slowdown in early 2017. Growth in the first quarter was less than half the pace of the fourth quarter of last year, data showed on Friday.
S&P said it expected growth to average 1.4 percent a year between 2017 and 2020, down from its forecast before the referendum of 2.1 percent for the 2017-2019 period.
The latest forecasts would be revised if it becomes clear that Britain is heading for an abrupt departure from the EU with no transition arrangement, it said, stressing the uncertain outcome of the negotiations.
"While it is possible that the UK could arrive at a mutually beneficial deal with the EU, it may also be the case that many of the remaining EU members will have no incentive to accommodate the UK, and that they will focus more on deterring other potential departures and containing the rise of their own national eurosceptic movements," S&P said.
(Writing by William Schomberg; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Aug 11, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark plays a shot against Karolina Pliskova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Aviva Centre. Mandatory Credit: Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sports
(Reuters) - Caroline Wozniacki defeated world number one Karolina Pliskova 7-5 6-7(3) 6-4 in a marathon Rogers Cup quarter-finals match in Toronto marred by four rain delays on Friday.
The delays, which all came during the first set, appeared to boost the sixth-seeded Dane, who was trailing 3-0 when the match was interrupted.
Wozniacki appeared relaxed during the breaks, which gave their time to consult with their father and longtime coach Piotr Wozniacki, before they won five straight games and ultimately took the first set.
"Almost every tournament I've played this year there has been a rain delay so at this point I just have to laugh because I feel like it is following me," they said during a courtside interview after the three hour 26 minute match.
"Every time this year when it has been raining I've had a great tournament, so I thought this must be luck."
Aug 11, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark plays a shot against Karolina Pliskova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Aviva Centre. Mandatory Credit: Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sports
The delays and Wozniacki's solid all-around game appeared to throw off the big-serving Pliskova, who was playing in their first tournament since becoming the world number one.
Aug 11, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark plays a shot against Karolina Pliskova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Aviva Centre. Mandatory Credit: Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sports
The victory marks Wozniacki's first career win against a world number one and gives the 27-year-old a 6-2 advantage in head-to-head matches with Pliskova.
Wozniacki next faces Sloane Stephens after the American beat Czech Lucie Safarova 6-2 1-6 7-5.
The remaining two quarters will be decided on Saturday.
Fourth-seeded Spaniard Garbine Muguruza is one set up against Elina Svitolina of Ukraine, winning the opener 6-4, while Simona Halep has yet to start their match against Caroline Garcia.
Rugby-Rebels coach McGahan to depart at end of season
MELBOURNE, June 15 Melbourne Rebels coach Tony McGahan will finish their tenure at the end of the season, the struggling Super Rugby team said on Thursday, a decision which both parties said was "in the best interests" of the club.
Crawley Town head coach Harry Kewell believes a push for the play-offs is possible if the club can secure four more signings.
 They are delighted with the new signings which have been made but would still like to see ‘three or four' main players from their wishlist coming to Broadfield Stadium.
So far Reds have signed George Francomb from AFC Wimbledon, Ollie Palmer from Lincoln City, plus Ashley Nathaniel-George from Hendon and Aldershot youngster Brian Galach.
Speaking to the Crawley Observer Kewell said: “If I get my four players in I would be confident for aiming for the play-offs.
“There would still be work to do but it would give us a big push.
“I'm happy with the signings we have made - Ollie Palmer is a player I have admitted from the first time I made the move into management, so I'm over the moon.
“George Francomb is a player that has experience at a higher level.
“The calmness and work ethic and their attitude that he's brought into the club is fantastic.
“George was a target but I didn't think we would get him, but we did so that was good.
“I have another three main players that have been at very good levels which I'm trying to get over the line.”
Kewell was also pleased to have completed the re-signing of defender/wing-back Lewis Young, who has signed a two-year extension to their contract.
They said: “I'm glad it's all done and dusted and they can concentrate on getting fit and prepared for the season.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Harvard Bioscience Inc:
* HARVARD BIOSCIENCE INC - ON JAN 31, 2018, CO ENTERED INTO A FINANCING AGREEMENT - SEC FILING
* HARVARD BIOSCIENCE INC - FINANCING AGREEMENT PROVIDES SENIOR SECURED CREDIT FACILITIES HAVING $64 MILLION TERM LOAN, $25 MILLION REVOLVING CREDIT LINE Source text: (bit.ly/2EzAUSx) Further company coverage:
April 10 Hornby Plc:
* On 7 april, co received a letter from ian alexander anton requisitioning a general meeting of company's shareholders
* Hornby - requisition requires co to call general meeting for purposes of considering ordinary resolutions to remove Roger Timothy Canham from office as a director of company with immediate effect
* And to appoint Ian Alexander Anton as a director of company with immediate effect
* Board also intends to hold such general meeting on a date not more than 28 days after date of notice convening such general meeting
* Board of directors currently intends to call such a general meeting within 21 days of date of receipt of requisition Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
FILE PHOTO - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks on issues related to visas and travel after U.S. President Donald Trump signed a new travel ban order in Washington, U.S. on March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke by phone with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Wednesday about a poison gas attack in Syria that the United States has blamed on the Russia-backed Syrian government, a senior State Department official said on Thursday.
The discussion came days before Tillerson goes to Moscow for talks with Russian officials expected to focus on the Syrian civil war and Russia's backing of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
"We sought the Russian analysis or readout of what they thought had happened" in the poison gas attack, the official said on condition of anonymity.
The attack killed at least 70 people, many of them children, but Moscow has blamed the deaths on gas leaking from a rebel chemical weapons depot after it was hit by Syrian government air strikes.
But Tillerson said at a brief news conference in Florida that there is no doubt Syria's government is responsible for the attack.
Tillerson will meet with Lavrov in Moscow next week, and could meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin if they are invited to do so, the official said.
(Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BASWARE OYJ:
* REFINEMENTS TO BASWARE‘S STRATEGY TARGETS AND STRATEGIC FOCUS AREAS
* ‍TARGETS FOR CLOUD REVENUES IS TO INCREASE BY MORE THAN 20% CAGR ON AN ORGANIC BASIS​
* TARGET IS THAT COST OF GOODS SOLD AND OPERATING EXPENSES TO GROW AT A LOWER RATE THAN CLOUD REVENUES ON AN ORGANIC BASIS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
May 3 Straight Path Communications Inc:
* Straight Path board determines that a revised offer from a multi-national telecommunications company to acquire Straight Path for $135.96 per share constitutes a “superior proposal”
* Revised offer reflects enterprise value of about $2.3 billion
* Straight Path has notified AT&T of Straight Path board's determination regarding proposal
* AT&T has option for next 3 business days to negotiate amendment of agreement to match or exceed offer made by multi-national telecom company
* Under AT&T merger agreement, Straight Path is required to pay a $38 million termination fee to AT&T Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BUCHAREST NATO member Romania plans to buy Patriot missiles from U.S. company Raytheon to help protect its airspace, a senior Defence Ministry official said on Thursday.
The plan will be a key part of the European Union country's plan to modernise its military, benefiting from a gradual increase in annual spending.
The defence budget in Romania - a NATO member since 2004 and one of Washington's staunchest allies in eastern Europe along with Poland - was 1.7 percent of gross domestic product in 2016 and was set at 2.0 percent this year."The Patriot missile defence system is part of the multi-level air defence system of Romania's airspace. We're assessing all options to develop this (acquisition) programme," General Nicolae-Ionel Ciuca, chief of the General Staff told reporters.
"It is important to say the programme will start this year."
The missiles would be part of an integrated air defence system comprising six newly acquired F-16 fighter jets as Romania is bringing its forces up to NATO standards and retiring outdated communist-era MiGs.
"Romania has announced their intent to enhance their defensive capability by procuring Patriot," a Raytheon spokesperson said.
"Raytheon has a longstanding relationship with Romania and will work closely with the U.S. and Romanian governments to ensure this NATO partner achieves its defence objectives."
The size of the planned acquisition or how much money had been earmarked for it is still unknown.
Poland expects to sign a $7.6 billion deal with Raytheon to buy eight Patriot missile defence systems by the end of this year, its Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz said last month.
Romania, a country of 20 million people, hosts a U.S. ballistic missile defence station and has contributed troops in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The U.S. military, which says the defence station is needed as protection against Iran rather than to threaten Russia, switched on the $800 million Romanian part of the shield in 2015. Another part of the shield was due to be built in Poland.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said Moscow views the missile shield in eastern Europe as a "great danger" and Moscow will be forced to respond by enhancing its own missile strike capability.
(Additional reporting by Lidia Kelly in Warsaw; Editing by Keith Weir and Alison Williams)
* 10-year note yields hit resistance at 2.19 pct * French election, North Korea tensions in focus * Treasury to sell $16 bln 5-year TIPS By Karen Brettell NEW YORK, April 20 U.S. Treasury yields rose on Thursday as investors waited on the results from the French election this weekend, after earlier falling to break below key technical resistance. With no major economic data releases this week investors were focused on the French elections, U.S. tensions with North Korea and any new indications on when the Trump administration is likely to undertake tax and fiscal reforms. Benchmark 10-year notes have struggled to stay below technical resistance at around 2.19 percent, which was tested in overnight trading, after falling more than 40 basis points in a month. “The 2.19 percent level represents about 50 percent of the post-election selloff, which is why it's such a significant resistance level,” said Thomas Simons, a money market economist at Jefferies in New York. The 10-year notes were last down 10/32 in price to yield 2.24 percent. The 10-year yield briefly fell as low as 2.165 percent on Tuesday, the lowest since Nov. 10, and has tumbled from 2.63 percent on March 14. “We've come a long way very, very fast so gains up here are going to be more difficult to get or sustain,” said Mary Ann Hurley, vice president in fixed income trading at D.A. Davidson in Seattle. Bonds prices have been boosted in recent weeks by reduced expectations that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates two more times this year following disappointing economic data releases. The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump is also seen as less likely to pass fiscal or tax reforms in the near term, which had been expected to boost growth. “Over the last month, the viability of the Trump economic agenda is definitely in question,” said Simons. Futures traders were pricing in a 57 percent chance the U.S. central bank will raise rates at its June meeting, down from 71 percent on April 6, according to the CME Group's FedWatch Tool. Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert Kaplan said on Thursday that three interest rate hikes this year remains possible but that the U.S. central bank has the flexibility to wait and see how the economy unfolds. The Treasury will sell $16 billion in five-year Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities later on Thursday. (Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) )
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
BREAKFAST WITH ROSIE: Zonta Club of Bundaberg will host a breakfast on May 18 with special guest Rosie Batty to support Domestic and Family Violence Prevention Month.
DOMESTIC violence is a shared journey and its victims are not alone.
That's the message the Zonta Club of Bundaberg wants to reinforce ahead of a breakfast its hosting on May 18 as part of Domestic and Family Violence Prevention Month.
At the breakfast will be guest speaker Rosie Batty, a tireless domestic violence campaigner and 2015 Australian of the Year.
Ms Batty knows too well the consequences of domestic violence.
Them son Luke was killed by their father at a cricket ground in Victoria in early 2014 - they were 11 years old.
Zonta Club of Bundaberg president Alex Grove said the breakfast was an important event and would give the community a chance to talk about domestic violence, something that had a ricocheting effect on the entire community.
"It will be a Q and A-style breakfast with a panel of speakers,” they said.
"Rosie will speak about their journey and people can pose questions to them and the other panellist.”
The death of their son brought Ms Batty into the role of campaigner, hitting the national spotlight as they spoke publicly about their experiences as a survivor of domestic violence.
Ms Grove said it was important everyone realised there was domestic and family violence in the Bundaberg community and it was important for anyone who witnessed it to speak up.
"Rosie has shared their terrible story with the world,” they said.
"Showing fortitude through the whole process to help make a change.
"Whether you're a neighbour or a friend who hears or sees it, it shouldn't be discounted.”
The breakfast with Ms Batty will be held at Rowers on the River, 2 Toonburra St, starting at 6am.
For more information phone Alex Grove on 0402 030 699 or email: zontaclubbundaberg@
hotmail.com. Tickets available online at http://bit.ly/2pLLn4I.
April 12 Abico FS Co Ltd :
* Says it will use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$0.2 per share to shareholders for 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/9suhd4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Meat Starter Culture Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Chr. Hansen, Danisco, Kerry, SOYUZSNAB, FRUTAROM, GalacticÂ, PROQUIGA, Sacco System, Canada Compound, Lallemand, D.M.Dunningham, BIOTEC, Stuffers Supply Company, DNR Sausage Supplies.
The report begins with introducing the global Meat Starter Culture market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Meat Starter Culture report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-meat-starter-culture-market/5930/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Meat Starter Culture Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Maturation Starters, Surface Starters.
Meat Starter Culture Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Meat, Poultry, Seafood, Others.
Key points in the Meat Starter Culture Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-meat-starter-culture-market/5930/#inquiry
From all of this Meat Starter Culture market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Meat Starter Culture market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Meat Starter Culture distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
April 5 Taidoc Technology Corp :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$3 per share to shareholders for 2016
* It will use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$2 per share
* It will use additional paid-in capital to distribute stock dividend worth T$0.5 for every one share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/fVBC6W
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A man looks at their mobile phone at a shopping district in Taipei, Taiwan May 27, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: People work on the assembly line at the Giant bicycle factory in Taichung April 16, 2008. REUTERS/Pichi Chuang/File Photo
TAIPEI Taiwan reported solid first-quarter economic growth on Friday as strong global demand for components for the new iPhone and other electronic gadgets keep Asia's hi-tech factories humming.
The trade-reliant economy expanded for the fourth quarter in a row as export orders surged, and could pick up more momentum in coming quarters as vendors gear up for Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) launch of the iPhone 8 later in the year.
The island's gross domestic product (GDP) rose 2.56 percent in January-March from a year earlier, easing from 2.88 percent in the previous three months but still expanding a bit faster than expected.
Analysts polled by Reuters had seen growth of 2.45 percent.
"The data has exceeded our forecast...The government has room to raise its 2017 full-year target from 1.92 percent currently," said Hsu Kuo-an, an analyst of Capital Securities in Taipei.
"The question is, will it be raised higher than 2 percent, as many institutions are expecting?"
Capital Economics said after the data that full-year growth could accelerate to 3 percent this year.
Taiwan posted strong exports in the first quarter "based on a global economic recovery, price rebounds for global commodities and continued strong semiconductor demand," the statistics agency said in a statement.
On a seasonally adjusted quarterly revised (SAQR) basis, the economy grew 0.72 percent in the March quarter from 0.45 percent in the December quarter, the agency said.
A number of new tech product launches this year bode well for companies and economies in the global electronics supply chain.
China, Japan, South Korea and Singapore have also reported a rebound in exports in recent months, often led by electronics from cutting-edge memory chips to hard drives and flat screens.
But analysts cautioned Taiwan's economy remains highly reliant on external demand, and it remains to be seen whether the benefits of the export boom will trickle through to domestic consumption.
Taiwan companies created new jobs at a strong pace in March, a private manufacturing survey showed recently.
U.S. PROTECTIONIST FEARS STILL A WORRY
However, concerns about a potential rise in U.S. trade protectionism continue to hang over Asia's exporters, though the new Trump administration has taken a somewhat softer line than expected on regional powerhouse China so far.
Trump stunned South Korea on Friday when they said in an interview with Reuters that would "renegotiate or terminate" a free trade pact between the two countries.
Taiwan's exports surged the most in six years in the first quarter, buoyed by strong demand from China and the United States, its top markets.
The government in February raised its 2017 full-year economic growth forecast to 1.92 percent due to more robust global demand.
In a bid to boost domestic consumption and make the economy somewhat less lopsided, Taiwan announced a T$882.4 billion (£22.47 billion) stimulus package in March, though the infrastructure spending will be spread over eight years, diluting its impact.
With the economic recovery on track, the central bank has left its policy rate steady for three meetings in a row, while keeping an eye on U.S. policy and any impact on exports from a more than 7 percent rise in the local currency so far this year.
Still, Taiwan is expected to raise interest rates at some point, economists said, especially with the U.S. Federal Reserve embarking on a slow but steady tightening cycle.
Economists at ANZ maintained their view that Taiwan's economic conditions are ready for a central bank move as soon as June, predicting it will raise its policy rate by 12.5 basis points to 1.5 percent.
(Editing by Kim Coghill)
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
FILE PHOTO: Soldiers of the German armed forces Bundeswehr take part in farewell ceremony for Panzergrenadierbataillon 122, deployment in Lithuania, in Oberviechtach, Germany January 19, 2017. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
BERLIN The Germany military's counter-intelligence agency is looking into 275 suspected right-wing extremists in its ranks, including a soldier heard saying "Heil Hitler", the Defence Ministry has told parliament in a letter seen by Reuters on Sunday.
About 143 of the cases were reported last year and 53 this year, the ministry wrote in its 15-page answer, detailing incidents of soldiers performing Nazi salutes or uttering racist remarks against servicemen with migrant backgrounds.
Public displays of Nazi symbols and salutes are illegal in Germany, where most people are repulsed by any degree of sympathy to the dictatorship responsible for the Holocaust.
The letter noted the lax manner in which some of the most serious cases have been dealt with.
One such incident is Case 29, which involved a soldier who was heard conspicuously saying "Heil Hitler," "Heil our leader" and "Sieg Heil, comrades," the ministry said.
"The case was passed on to the military prosecutor and the public prosecutor's office, but neither an early dismissal nor a service ban took place," it wrote to parliament.
Another case involved a soldier who used a Facebook page associated with the far-right National Democratic Party (NPD) to spread racist remarks, including demanding the death sentence for "typical foreigners."
Germany's Constitutional Court said in January that the NPD resembled Adolf Hitler's Nazi party but ruled against banning it because it was too weak to endanger democracy.
The ministry said the soldier was "only disciplined."
In a third case, a soldier was allowed to keep their weapon after they were disciplined for performing the Nazi salute while on a trip to the Latvian capital, Riga.
German media reported last year that there are signs Islamists were trying to join the German armed forces to get military training with the possible goal of carrying out attacks in Germany.
(Reporting by Andreas Rinke; Writing by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Larry King)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
BOSTON – Bonzie Colson scored 20 points, Matt Farrell had 19 and No. 25 Notre Dame overcame a 13-point first-half deficit for an 84-76 victory over Boston College on Tuesday night, sending the Eagles to their 10th straight loss.
V.J. Beachem had 16 points and Steve Vasturia added 15 for the Fighting Irish (20-7, 9-5 Atlantic Coast Conference). It is coach Mike Brey's 13th time winning at least 20 games with Notre Dame.
Ky Bowman led Boston College (9-18, 2-12) with 29 points and Mo Jeffers had 12.
BC had sliced it to 78-76 on Bowman's two free throws with just under a minute to play, but Beachem grabbed an offensive rebound and was fouled on the ensuing possession. They hit both free throws with 24.1 seconds to play.
The Fighting Irish trailed by 10 points early in the second half before outscoring BC 21-3 over a 4:50 span.
Consecutive 3s from Farrell 29 seconds apart tied it at 59 before Colson's putback jam on their next possession gave them their first lead of the game with just under 13 minutes to play.
The Eagles had led by 13 points and posted a season-high for a first half with 49 points to open a 10-point lead at intermission. They shot 58.6 percent (17 of 29) and also went 9 for 10 from the free throw line.
BIG PICTURE
Notre Dame: The Fighting Irish need to take advantage of a softer portion of their schedule – with games coming up against North Carolina State, Georgia Tech and another with BC to have a chance to make a run to the top of the ACC.
Boston College: Like a number of games this season, the Eagles showed spunk but couldn't close out a win. With leading scorer Jerome Robinson (19.4) struggling down the stretch, they really looked challenged offensively. They finished with 11 points on 3-of-12 shooting.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Notre Dame: The Irish climbed back into the poll this week after being out for one week. A loss to BC and some weaker opponents coming up would have made it very hard to get back in the next few weeks.
FAMILY HISTORY
Colson's dad – also Bonzie – was an assistant at BC under Al Skinner for nine years.
NUMBER CHANGE
BC forward Conar Tava wore No. 30 instead of their usual No. 2 for the second half after playing the final few minutes of the first with a large tear down the left side.
UP NEXT
Notre Dame: At NC State on Saturday.
Boston College: At No. 17 Florida State on Monday. The Eagles are 0-6 on the road in league play.
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25.
April 13 Infosys'
* Exec says incredibly difficult to achieve $20 billion revenue target by 2020
* Exec says "no idea" if relationship with founders will get better with appointment of co-chairperson Further company coverage: (Reporting By Anya George Tharakan and Arnab Paul)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
(Repeats to additional subscribers with no changes to text)
MUMBAI, April 10 India's top e-commerce firm Flipkart (IPO-FLPK.N) has raised $1.4 billion from Tencent Holdings Ltd, Microsoft Corp and eBay Inc , the company said in a statement on Monday.
Flipkart will have a valuation of $11.6 billion after the latest funding round, which was its biggest ever, the statement added.
The news comes amid strong but unconfirmed speculation that Flipkart is looking at a potential takeover of smaller rival Snapdeal.
As part of the fundraising, eBay invested $500 million in Flipkart (IPO-FLPK.N) for a stake. In exchange, the two companies will merge their operations in India and Flipkart will own and operate eBay's business in the South Asian country when the deal closes later this year.
EBay said in a separate statement it did not expect the deal to have any "material impact" on its guidance provided in January. (Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal; Editing by Rafael Nam)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
April 28 Camsing International Holding Ltd
* On 21 april bingxun entered into business agreement with a unit of Alibaba Pictures Group and a third party independent from co for the show
* Refers to announcement regarding cooperation of Bingxun with manchester city fc and guangdong tv for production of a football reality show Source text (bit.ly/2oSncSg) Further company coverage:
(Adds quotes from Trump, background)
By Jeff Mason
WASHINGTON, April 5 U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government of going "beyond a red line" with a poison gas attack on civilians, but they declined to spell out how or whether their administration would respond.
In their first extensive remarks on the issue, Trump acknowledged at a joint news conference with Jordan's King Abdullah that they now had responsibility for Syria policy and said their views of Assad had changed.
"It crossed a lot of lines for me," Trump said of the attack, which they described as an affront to humanity. "That crosses many, many lines, beyond a red line," they said.
Western countries, including the United States, have blamed Assad's armed forces for the worst chemical attack in Syria for more than four years. The attack killed at least 70 people, many of them children. The Syrian military has denied responsibility.
Trump did not mention Russia, which asserted on Wednesday that Syrian rebels were to blame for the gas attack, a charge U.S. officials dismissed. Russia has been a military backer of Assad in the country's six-year-old civil war.
Trump, a Republican, has criticized their predecessor, Barack Obama, for not following through on their threat to intervene if chemical weapons were used in Syria, but they encouraged the Democratic president at the time not to take action in the war-ravaged country.
Trump said on Wednesday that Obama had squandered "a great opportunity" to solve the crisis by failing to uphold their "red line."
"I think that set us back a long ways, not only in Syria but in many other parts of the world, because it was a blank threat," Trump said. "It is now my responsibility. It was a great opportunity missed."
Asked during an earlier Oval Office meeting with Abdullah if they were formulating a new policy toward Syria, Trump told reporters: "You'll see."
Their comments came just a few days after U.S. statements suggesting a focus on stopping Islamic State militants rather than ousting Assad.
'COMPLICATED SITUATION'
Trump campaigned on the 2016 election on a promise to put America first in foreign policy, including by tightening rules on refugees. On Wednesday, in addition to hardening their language on Assad, they softened their remarks about the men, women and children who were displaced by the war, saying they knew they wanted to go home.
Last month, U.S.-led coalition aircraft dropped fighters for the first time into an area near the Syrian city of Raqqa to retake territory from Islamic State in a mission that included Apache helicopters, U.S. Marine artillery and special operations troops.
The campaign to capture Raqqa appears to be gathering pace as an overlapping, U.S.-backed effort in Iraq is drawing closer to driving Islamic State from Mosul.
The Jordanian king said they believed Trump would be able to help improve the Syrian situation.
"This is another testament to the failure of the international diplomacy to find the solutions to this crisis but I believe under your leadership we will be able to unravel this very complicated situation," they said. (Additional reporting by Ayesha Rascoe and Doina Chiacu; Editing by Peter Cooney)
BOYLE HEIGHTS — A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a series of arson fires and vandalism targeting Southland houses of worship, most recently at Resurrection Catholic Church.
Christian Michael Garcia appeared in a downtown courtroom Jan. 29, but their arraignment was postponed until Feb. 26.
 They are facing 20 felony charges — 13 counts of vandalism of a religious property, three counts of arson of a structure, two counts of second-degree commercial burglary and one count each of attempted second-degree robbery and arson of property — plus two misdemeanor counts of vandalism under $400. The criminal complaint also includes hate crime allegations.
Bail was set at $750,000 and, if convicted as charged, Garcia faces a maximum sentence of more than 23 years in prison.
They were arrested Jan. 26 by the Inter-Agency House of Worship Task Force for crimes prosecutors said took place between Nov. 25, 2016, and Jan. 25, 2018, involving four churches in Pasadena and Los Angeles. Garcia is also charged with vandalizing the Industry Sheriff's Station.
“Arson is an egregious crime in all forms, but acts of arson against houses of worship are especially harmful as they are a violation against a holy sanctuary, a sanctuary that often anchors an entire neighborhood, that offers a place of peace and spirituality for the community,” Los Angeles Fire Chief Ralph Terrazas said.
Garcia is suspected of starting a fire and vandalism at Resurrection Church Jan. 25 in Boyle Heights and the Church of the Angels in Pasadena on Jan. 13.
Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said Garcia was “literally caught red-handed” Jan. 26 while they were about to vandalize another church — Mount Olive Church of Christ in God in South Los Angeles.
The fire at Resurrection Church in the 3300 block of East Opal Street was reported at 2:05 a.m. Jan. 25. It took about 60 firefighters nearly 30 minutes to extinguish the fire, which burned primarily on the first floor. The flames were kept from the main sanctuary, Los Angeles Fire Department Capt. Erik Scott.
The Pasadena fire at Church of the Angels broke out at 2:20 a.m. Jan. 13 at 1100 N. Avenue 64. The blaze at the 129-year-old Episcopalian church was classified as a hate crime, according to fire officials, who said a few historic statues were “significantly damaged,” and there was fire and smoke damage inside the church.
“The collaboration of our federal and local partners and the tireless work of investigators from the various agencies in the task force, made this arrest possible and is a testament to the productive working relationship first responders have here in Southern California when a community is threatened by criminal activity,” Pasadena Fire Chief Bertral Washington and Pasadena Police Chief Philip Sanchez said in a joint statement issued earlier.
City Councilman Jose Huizar, who represents Boyle Heights and other Eastside communities, thanked the LAFD Arson Unit, the LAPD, Pasadena police and fire agencies “for their remarkable work and expediency in ensuring the person responsible for these and other heinous crimes will be held accountable.”
“Monsignor John Moretta and Resurrection Church have stood time and time again for Boyle Heights, and Boyle Heights will always stand for Resurrection Church,” Huizar added. “We applaud these investigators and we look forward to assisting Resurrection Church rebuild – knowing that the true spirit of this parish can never be destroyed.”
Mayor Eric Garcetti also hailed the work of investigators for helping people feel safer in houses of worship.
“These crimes are difficult to understand,” they said. “We don't know the motive. But we do know that when we stand together strong in the face of this senseless hate, this city will always rise.”
Gone will be the days when parents would ask the priest, close loved ones and friends, leaders in the neighborhood or the elderly individuals to suggest a suitor for their son or daughter. Going to a marriage broker who demands their commission initially can also be passé. Using the advent of technologies, Matrimonial sites have come into play which has made the ‘cupid' a issue from the past. They offer no cost matchmaking and dating services. The age-old Indian tradition of arranged marriage exactly where the parents would choose the partner initially and the youngsters may have to agree has also come a extended way, because of the matrimonial sites that supply on the net matchmaking. Get a lot more information about Ramakshatriya matrimony sites
Though distinctive folks have unique opinions about on-line dating and matrimonial sites, there are some distinct advantages this sort of match-making offers:
Financial – Save Time and money
The parents never need to travel and cover long distances to find out the suitor or initiate marriage since they could simply discover a handful of person profiles that match their needs. The sending and getting of photographs and bio-data has been replaced with emailing. Thus, matrimonial sites are economical in terms of time, money and efforts.
Myriad Options
The matrimonial sites have large databases of suitors. You do not have limited solutions based on the individual networks of friends and family, and you can locate suitors from all walks of life. There are actually plenty profiles out there with related interests and objectives as yours, this may provide you with lots of choices to assist you make the best decision.
Very easily Accessible
They may be uncomplicated to access from any online connection and possess a user-friendly interface. Nowadays, young people are technology savvy and do not have time to waste in meetings with marriage brokers. They can use the matrimonial sites or the mobile applications where acquiring profiles is produced effortless and convenient.
Counseling
The majority of the matrimonial sites have blogs that answer your questions, deliver counseling and give an insight on every single nitty-gritty detail involved in locating a companion and organizing a wedding. From pre-wedding jitters for the reception and soon after party, all the things is explained. Some sites even provide live counseling for new couples.
Privacy
If you are afraid that the whole globe will understand that you are in search of a match then, neglect all your worries as these matrimonial sites present secrecy and anonymity. Some sites allow you to keep a private profile, which can be viewable only to your matches and not to the public.
Safety
All the profiles on these sites are secure and secure. They are also verified by the web page. The odds are quite low that you will encounter a fake profile. One particular obtains a profile only immediately after applying for membership, that is a scrutinizing procedure.
Filtered Final results
If you are searching to get a particular background and particular good quality in your match, all you have got to do is offer your specifications and you will get filtered benefits. Example: If you belong for the Sikh community and you're searching to get a Jatt Sikh who is a banker about Delhi, you could inform the website these needs, and it can show you all of the matches.
Easy to Communicate
Luckily, you do not need to send letters by way of traditional mail like the olden days. Now, you could just sit in front of the computer and have a beside chat with your suitor. If someone you obtain around the web page strikes your interest, you could possess a beside text or video chat with them.
Informative
You get detailed information about the individual, even when it's their second marriage, no matter whether they are a Non-Resident Indian, etc. The profiles are informative and deliver you every tiny tiny piece of facts, and all of the information and facts supplied is honest and correct. This way, you will be capable of search by way of diverse profiles and determine who you want to spend your time acquiring to know before you decide who to marry.
Global UV Light Stabilizers Market was valued at $310 million in 2016 and is expected to reach $631.5 million by 2024, having a CAGR of 9.5% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024. In 2016, the HALS segment gained the highest revenue share in the global UV light stabilizers market.
The increasing use of refrigerators and air conditioners, has significantly led to the rising level of UV radiation due to the release of gases affecting the ozone layer. According to United Nations Environment Program, a sustained 1% depletion of ozone layer will trigger 2-3% increase in incidences of skin cancer. The increasing UV radiation owing to the enhanced usability of gas emitting equipment, supplements the growth of UV light stabilizers market. UV light stabilizers are used as coating substrates that minimize the harmful effect of UV radiation. Therefore, manufactures use UV light stabilizers to protect components that are exposed to UV radiation in an effort to prevent damage and avoid losses.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@ https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/uv-light-stabilizers-market/request-sample
Market Determinants
The global UV light stabilizers market has witnessed growth in the recent years due to the advancements in technology. The prime factor driving the growth of global UV light stabilizers market is its application in the agriculture and non-agriculture sectors such as polyhouses, construction, packaging, etc. Moreover, the soaring levels of UV radiations and increasing awareness regarding its harmful effects are fueling the market growth. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, exposure to ozone levels greater than 70 parts per billion for 8 hours or longer is unhealthy. Such concentrations occur in or near cities during periods where the atmosphere is warm and stable. However, the high investment costs, complexities faced during manufacturing, and expensive products act as the major hurdles in the growth of the market. Whereas, advancements in nanotechnology and its penetration in the coating industry is expected to create huge opportunities for the growth of market in the coming years.
MARKET DETERMINANTS-IMPACT ANALYSIS (2016-2024)
Market Determinants-Impact Analysis
Segment Analysis
The global UV light stabilizers market is segmented on the basis of product type, application, and geography. By product type, the market is segmented into UV absorbers, Hindered Amine Light Stabilizers (HALS), and quenchers. On the basis of application, the market is segmented as flooring, furniture, decking, automobile, and others. Geography wise, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. Asia-Pacific was the largest UV light stabilizers market in terms of revenue, by holding nearly more than 50% shares of the market, in 2016. It is expected to maintain its dominance and grow with a CAGR of 9.73% from 2017-2024.
FURNITURE UV LIGHT STABILIZERS MARKET BY REGION, 2016-2024
Furniture Uv Light Stabilizers Market By Region
Some reputed players in the market are ALTANA AG (BYK-Chemie GmbH), BASF SE, Akcros Chemicals Ltd., Cytec Industries, Inc., Mayzo, Inc., Chemtura Corporation, AkzoNobel N.V., Everlight Chemical Industrial Co., Clariant Ltd. and Lycus Ltd. BASF SE agreed to buy a polyamides business from Solvay SA for $1.9 billion after getting a formal consent from Koch Industries Inc., which has a joint venture with Solvay in the high-margin polyamides segment, to move ahead with the acquisition. The acquisition is expected to boost BASF's presence in engineered plastics for car.
GLOBAL UV LIGHT STABILIZERS MARKET SEGMENTATION
By Product type
UV Absorbers
Hindered Amine Light Stabilizers (HALS)
Quenchers
By Application
Flooring
Decking
Automobile
Furniture
Others
By Geography
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
Rest of the World
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
ALTANA AG (BYK-Chemie GmbH)
BASF SE
Akcros Chemicals Ltd.
Cytec Industries Inc.
Mayzo Inc.
Chemtura Corporation
AkzoNobel N.V.
Everlight Chemical Industrial Co.
Clariant Ltd.
Lycus Ltd.
Request for Customized Report @ https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/uv-light-stabilizers-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
May 3 Deltic Timber Corp
* Deltic announces preliminary first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.09
* Q1 sales rose 5 percent to $53.2 million
* Deltic Timber -For Q2 and 2017, company currently anticipates pine sawtimber harvest to be 200,000 to 230,000 tons and 765,000 to 790,000 tons, respectively
* Deltic Timber Corp says finished lumber sales volume is estimated to be 70 to 80 million board feet for Q2 of 2017
* Deltic Timber -MDF sales volume for Q2 and year of 2017 is forecast to be 20 to 30 million square feet and 90 to 115 million square feet, respectively
* Deltic Timber Corp says residential lot sales are projected at 5 to 10 lots and 120 to 140 lots for Q2 and full year of 2017, respectively Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
TROY — scHUMANn inc is doubling the size of their operations located in Troy,.
Steve Schumann, owner, has acquired the former Tagnetics facility at 635 Olympic Drive, Troy. This fully air-conditioned 18,000-square-foot plant will provide additional capacity for their expanding operations.
Schumann commented that the building was the best fit for their size business.
“It is close enough to our main customers and the right size square footage.”
There is also room to expand. Some of the attractive features of this location included 3,500 square feet of office space, heavy power, and well-maintained manufacturing space, which was not interrupted with columns.
The growth of scHUMANn inc has been fueled by its current customers, which include United Technologies (Troy), Honda of America (North American plants), Intelligrated (Mason), and Slone Gear (Dayton).
The company had its machinery relocated and up and running the first week in January. scHUMANn inc has 12 full-time employees and is currently looking to add to their team.
Tim Echemann with Industrial Property Brokers LLC represented the seller and commented that Schumann is a very dynamic business operator who was able to acquire the building in a short period of time.
Schumann said the expense and inconvenience of moving was not planned for this year.
“We want to thank Kettering Health Network, the Troy Development Council, the city of Troy, and the building's previous owner, Gary Osterfeld, for helping to make this process as painless as possible,” Schumann said.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern at Karetu Marae Posted by nzherald.co.nz on Friday, 2 February 2018
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has spoken at Karetu Marae, the marae of Minister Kelvin Davis.
Ardern said during their speech that rail was a "priority" for this Government.
They also said the Government would be making more visits to maraes around the country to find out what would make a difference locally.
Kelvin Davis said all Maori MP felt pressure to make a difference for Maori people.
Advertisement
Ardern said "myself and all our Maori MPs feel that weight of expectation" about practical things like jobs, housing and lifting people put of poverty.
Earlier the marae near Kawakawa hosted a powhiri for the PM to mark Davis' appointment as Minister for Crown-Iwi Relations.
Ardern arrived with partner Clarke Gayford, Green Party co-leader James Shaw and a raft of ministers including Andrew Little, Peeni Henare and Davis.
Other Labour MPs with family links to the marae include Peeni Henare, Willow Jean Prime and Nanaia Mahuta.
The marae last hosted a Prime Minister in 2008 on February 5 when Helen Clark went to the Ngati Manu marae at Karetu instead of Te Tii Marae.
That was to officially mark the selection of Davis as a Labour Party candidate.
The opening speaker acknowledged that visit, recalling former MP Dover Samuels had suggested it be a regular event.
They drew laughs when they muddled up the names of Jenny Shipley and Helen Clark.
The powhiri included a range of speakers welcoming Ardern but also telling some tall stories.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern arrives at Karetu Marae with partner Clarke Gayford, MPS Willow Jean Prime and Kelvin David and Green Party co-leader James Shaw. Photo / Claire Trevett
One advised Ardern that Karetu was "the centre of the universe and we are all great breeders".
Another speaker's attempt to tell a rather long joke involving former PM David Lange, their minister Koro Wetere and advice to Lange to please their wife by taking their clothes off and doing haka for their wife was derailed.
Those present clearly decided it was heading in an area inappropriate for the PM's ears and simply started singing a waiata, signifying time was up.
Ardern has promised Karetu Marae they will return, saying for their "no Marae is too small".
They read a greeting in te Reo, before joking about the notes they were holding.
"There will be a day I no longer use these," Ardern said to laughter.
Ardern also acknowledged Green co-leader James Shaw and NZ First MP Jenny Marcroft.
Ardern said it was when they were welcomed on to the Marae that they felt the weight of expectation on them in their role.
They spoke of the need to face up to challenges.
"If you ask me that is what Waitangi is for."
They said Waitangi should not just be about warm words and urged the speakers to continue to challenge them and their Government.
"There will be no Marae either small for this Government."
They promised to return "that is if you'll have us".
Warriors during the powhiri to welcome politicians to Karetu Marae. Photo / John Stone
Ardern also regaled them with anecdotes about the late Parekura Horomia, remembering they had called their "girl" and would be amazed to see where they were now.
They remembered renting a tiny rental car for a long drive and Horomia asked for a lift.
"Every time I changed the gear I had to grab it from within their outer thigh: it was a very intimate experience we had together."
Ardern also joked about their Maori MPs, saying Peeni Henare had "made the ultimate sacrifice by giving up fishing for Parliament".
On a more serious note, they said Henare was one of those they went to for advice and had a "quiet, dignified leadership" about him.
They recalled Rino Tirikatene's digested election slogan "We Need to Just Kick Some Butt".
They saved their warmest praise for Kelvin Davis.
They said Davis was so competitive "I hear you had no qualms in a rugby match once stealing a ball from a one-armed man".
Ardern spoke of the time they had taken on the leadership and had asked Davis if they could take on the deputy role. Their response: "I'll do what you need me to do."
They referred to the time Davis walked the length of the North Island to highlight the issue of child abuse and their visit to Australia.
Davis came under fire in some quarters for performance as acting PM when Ardern was out of the country last year.
Ardern warned them to be ready to try out their job again.
"I should warn you I'm going away again in March so you're going to have to be Prime Minister again."
Ardern said that as they had previously discussed with iwi chairs and members of regional and local government, the government had a lot of things it wanted to achieve, which it could not do alone.
"I think we're only going to make the gains we would like to make if we work in partnership."
Ardern said it was not about the government dictating what should happen but rather working together with people in the regions such as Northland to identify the problems.
They listed regional roads and regional employment as examples.
"The provincial growth fund is a key opportunity that we have to say to local government 'what things in your area would unleash jobs', so rather than us dictating, sitting down and funding out what the opportunities are."
Ardern said an "obvious" example of an area that could get funding was forestry in Northland, which creates job opportunities and helps tick off environmental goals.
They said Northland mayors had raised access to the region as key.
While they would not confirm whether or not access, including roads, to Northland would receive funding the government wanted "to make sure that our regional roads aren't neglected anymore"
Ardern said the government wanted to take the Crown-Maori relationship beyond the negotiating table, something Minister for Crown/Māori Relations, Kelvin Davis would help carve out.
Ardern said in Davis' first 100 days as Minister for Crown/Maori Relations, they had achieved some specific housing initiatives, which they weren't ready to discuss yet.
Kelvin Davis has acknowledged the tribute their Marae and the Prime Minister have paid them at their home Marae of Karetu.
The event was supposed to be surprise for Davis - although in the North there is no such thing. Standing to speak, Davis quipped "well this is a surprise," drily adding "as much of a surprise as an open invitation on Facebook can be."
Davis has been appointed to the newly created ministerial role of Crown Iwi Relations, a role to reflect many iwi have now signed their settlements.
Davis said on February 5 it would mark 10 years to the day they were confirmed as a Labour candidate by then PM Helen Clark at the marae.
They recalled asking the kaumatua if they could put on some tea and scones for the Prime Minister. The elder replied it was the first time the marae had hosted a Prime Minister. The resultant hakari (feast) had filed tables in several marquees on the marae grounds.
Minister of Treaty Negotiations Andrew Little accepts the wero. Photo / John Stone
Davis ended by thanking those who had come but acknowledging it was probably more for "selfies with Jacinda" than for him.
The people of Ngati Manu said it was great for the Northland hapu to have the Prime Minister come to their marae.
Helen Locke, of Ngati Manu descent who also played a part in welcoming Ministers and MPs onto the marae, said it was good to see Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern in Karetu.
"It's great honour for our hapu but it is definitely not to take the light away from Kelvin Davis and our other Ngati Manu MPs."
Meanwhile Sonny Tangira who was at the marae with their moko said it was "beautiful".
"It is a real eye opener," they said.
Ardern arrived in Northland yesterday for a five-day stay.
It's the longest time any prime minister has spent at Waitangi.
Meanwhile Bill English will be about as far from Waitangi this year as you can get - without leaving the country.
National's leader will spend Waitangi Day celebrating with Ngai Tahu in Bluff, on the day when most politicians are at the Treaty Grounds.
English said he's pleased attention has moved away from the troublesome Te Tii Marae.
They hoped this year will work out because it's a beautiful place to celebrate the birth of the nation.
English said a lot of Kiwis want to be part of it but unfortunately in past years trouble on the marae has put a lot of people off.
As Prime Minister, English refused to go to Waitangi.
It's hoped the new Crown-Maori relations portfolio will help to build bridges.
This Waitangi Day will be the first commemoration of the signing of the Treaty since Te Tai Tokerau MP Kelvin Davis took on the new role.
Te Aupouri iwi leader Maahia Nathan said they think it's a crucial portfolio.
They said there have been areas where iwi and Crown engagement has been lacking, and thinks this will go a long way towards easing tensions.
Meanwhile thousands of New Zealanders in Australia are celebrating Waitangi Day early, with an event in Sydney.
Labour backbenchers Kiri Allan and Tamati Coffey are heading over to speak. Last year the then Labour leader Andrew Little did the same.
Allan said New Zealanders across the ditch don't get a statutory day but they create their own events to commemorate with music, speeches and Kapa Haka.
Byron police Lt. Bryan Hunter was driving in Macon near Riverside Drive and Spring Street on June 26, 2018, when they were rear-ended by a distracted driver. Everyone in the three-car crash was OK because they were all wearing seat belts, Hunter said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City are on the brink of signing Isaac Vassell from Luton Town, the Birmingham Mail understands.
The two clubs are close to agreeing a deal that will see the striker complete a move to St Andrew's.
Blues boss Harry Redknapp has been desperate to land a forward and their need for another option was made more immediate when Che Adams hobbled off during the 2-1 win against Bristol City on Saturday.
Speaking earlier this month, Redknapp confirmed they had made an enquiry for Vassell.
The manager said: “He's a good player. I think Bristol City are in for him. We have made enquiries, he's a young player with a future.
“He's come out of non-league not long ago so he's one that we were looking to bring into the squad."
Now, Blues look to have stolen a march on Bristol and after missing out on a number of striking targets so far this summer, are poised to add to their goalscoring ranks.
Vassell, who joined Luton from Truro City last year, has hit 14 goals in their last 29 games for the Hatters including a brace on the opening day of the season against Yeovil Town.
The 23-year-old, who began their career with Plymouth Argyle, is set to become Redknapp's fourth summer signing after the arrivals of David Stockdale, Marc Roberts and Cheikh Nodye.
NEW YORK The U.S. government on Monday slightly improved its final payment rate for health insurers who offer Medicare Advantage plans for older people and the disabled, settling on an increase of 0.45 percent on average for 2018.
Medicare Advantage, an alternative to the standard fee-for-service Medicare in which private insurers manage health benefits, is the fastest growing form of government healthcare, with enrollment of 18 million people last year.
While the outlook for other forms of U.S. government healthcare uncertain under President Donald Trump, health insurers are banking on Republicans embracing the use of Medicare Advantage.
Each year the government sets out a target rate that it will pay insurers, which then use the data to decide on coverage areas and costs.
On Feb. 1, the government proposed an increase of 0.25 percent. The change in Monday's final rate reflects the government's assessment that effective spending growth will be slightly lower than it had originally targeted.
Insurers who provide these plans include WellCare Health Plans Inc, Anthem Inc, Humana Inc, UnitedHealth Group Inc and Aetna Inc. Shares in the companies were little changed in extended trading.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, a division of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, also said that it would be providing incentives to encourage organizations to develop new plans with "innovative" provider network arrangements.
The government announcement included a request from the public on other changes it could make to improve the Medicare and Medicare Part D programs.
Ipsita Smolinski, managing director at research firm Capitol Street in Washington, said that the Trump administration wants to simplify Medicare Advantage so that insurers do not have to "jump through so many hoops."
That could mean changing the system of measurements used by the government to pay insurers more or less depending on how they are rated as well as other certification and audit programs, they said.
Insurers still face uncertainty for 2018 over the health insurance tax, they said. The Republican health plan that was proposed by Congress would have eliminated the tax, currently on hiatus, but the bill's failure has put the tax back on the table for 2018.
(Reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Marguerita Choy and Lisa Shumaker)
Augusta, GA (WJBF)—Wheels are still turning, slowly, but turning nonetheless on a highly anticipated development. People who live and work in the Medical District are one step closer to seeing a grocery store/housing/office space hybrid on 15th street, the spot of the old Kroger.
On Monday, NewsChannel 6's Ashley Osborne talked to the property owner, the MCG foundation. The land was donated to the foundation by former radio personality George Weiss, roughly 20 years ago. The foundation is a non-profit designed to support the university. They are not in the business of commercial real estate so they hired Daniel Communities, a Planning and Development company. The plan is for Daniel Communities to take what is now a concept, and turn it into a reality.
MCG Foundation President and CEO Ian Mercier says the foundation has a master-plan for the roughly 20-acre property developed with help from Augusta University, the city and members of the community.
“This plan, it's all talk and it's a great idea, but you need to put something together, you need to assemble something that's tangible and so that's what Daniel [Communities] is here to do,” Mercier says.
The blueprints include things like office space, a hotel to service the Medical District specifically, retail, and the big one—a grocery store.
“Everyone talks about how there is no grocery store in the area, it's a food desert…but one of the challenges with that is attracting the right store and to do that you need to have people…so a housing component, I think, would be a great part of this plan,” Mercier points out.
This is a proposal that nearby neighbor Chris Stephens says is needed. “We gotta go pretty much to North Augusta or Bobby Jones, kinda out of the way really, just to get some groceries.”
Mercier says the foundation is interested in being a financial facilitator. In other words, investing some money where needed and bringing others to the table. However, they are not interested in being the financial backer. They say, the best case scenario would be for the foundation to invest some, the university to invest some if interested and then have a commercial developer foot the bill for what they want to build.
The MCG Foundation is moving from their office on the 15th street property to a space at Sutherland Mill. Once they do, the building will be demolished. It is just one more domino to fall behind the Kroger and motel that were both torn down this year.
There are still tenants in the parts of the shopping center that are still standing. When their leases expire, the final strip will come down also. Mercier says they want to be sensitive and give owners time to move on.
“Some of these shops, their families are involved and they put a lot of time effort, money into these shops and stores and restaurants so we don't want to just tell them, hey, we're ready to move here and it's time to move out,” Mercier explains.
Mercier says they want to know there is a definite future for this spot instead of moving tenants because of something that might be. Right now, it is still just that—an unknown future with big plans for what it could be.
Reuters sports schedule at 0001 GMT on Monday:
GOLF
U.S. Masters
Garcia wins Masters to end long major drought
AUGUSTA, Georgia - Spain's Sergio Garcia won the U.S. Masters at the first playoff hole on Sunday to land their long-awaited first major title. Garcia and England's Justin Rose finished tied on nine under par at the end of the fourth round. (GOLF-MASTERS/ (TV, PIX), moved with updates to follow, by Steve Keating, Ed Osmond, Frank Pingue and Rory Carroll)
SOCCER
Champions League
Allegri's defensive art form threatens Barça
MILAN - The dominant force in Italian football, Juventus will take on the role of underdogs when they host Barcelona's array of creative talent in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. (SOCCER-CHAMPIONS-JUV-FCB/ (PREVIEW), moving at 0200 GMT/7 PM ET, by Brian Homewood, 440 words)
Dortmund and Monaco prepare for quarter-final goalfest
Despite their attacking qualities, Borussia Dortmund and Monaco face similar concerns as they prepare for Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final first leg, with both having their defensive frailties brutally exposed in recent weeks. (SOCCER-CHAMPIONS-DOR-AMO/ (PREVIEW), moving at 0200 GMT/7 PM ET, by Ed Dove, 440 words)
NBA
Cavs try to keep Celtics at bay
The 51-28 Cleveland Cavaliers, with just a half-game lead over Boston atop the East with three games of the regular season remaining, face an Atlanta Hawks team that has clinched a spot in the postseason but is trying to nail down fifth place, in one of seven contests on the National Basketball Association schedule. (BASKETBALL-NBA-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0600 GMT/1 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 600 words)
NHL
Bickell to make emotional finale
Carolina forward Bryan Bickell, who has multiple sclerosis, plays their final game before retiring when the Hurricanes play the Philadelphia Flyers in one of 10 games on the final day of the National Hockey League regular season. (ICEHOCKEY-NHL-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0600 GMT/1 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 800 words)
BASEBALL
Arrieta on tap for Cubs against Brewers
Right-hander Jake Arrieta is slated for their second start of the year for the defending champion Chicago Cubs as they face the Milwaukee Brewers in one of 15 games on the Major League Baseball schedule. (BASEBALL-MLB-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0500 GMT/12 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 900 words)
RUGBY
Brumbies in the clear, Australia to axe one of Force, Rebels
SYDNEY - The Australian team to be axed from Super Rugby for next season will be either the Western Force or the Melbourne Rebels after the ACT Brumbies were removed from the process, the Australian Rugby Union (ARU) said on Monday. (RUGBY-UNION-SUPER/AUSTRALIA, moved, 300 words)
NORTH AMERICAN SPORTS
Roundups of off-field developments in the major North American professional sports leagues. (Expect by 0100 GMT/8 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 500 words) (Asia desk editor: Peter Rutherford)
WASHINGTON The Trump administration on Friday slammed China on a range of trade issues from its chronic industrial overcapacity to forced technology transfers and longstanding bans on U.S. beef and electronic payment services.
The annual trade barriers list from the U.S. Trade Representative's (USTR) office sets up more areas of potential irritation for the first face-to-face meeting between President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping next week in Florida.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, asked about their expectations for the meeting, told Fox News on Friday: “What I would hope will come out would be a commitment to starting to abide by the rules and a commitment to working collaboratively to help reduce our deficit.“
USTR, controlled by the White House, said that Chinese government industrial policies and financial support for industries such as steel and aluminum have resulted in overproduction and a flood of exports that have distorted global markets and undermined competitors.
"While China has begun to take steps to address steel excess capacity, these steps have been inadequate to date and even fewer efforts have been taken by China in aluminum and other sectors," USTR said in the report.
USTR released the list of trade irritants in 63 countries just after senior Trump trade officials announced an executive order to study the causes of U.S. trade deficits.
The report said China also is using a series of cybersecurity restrictions as part of an apparent long-term goal to replace foreign information and communications technology products and services with locally produced versions.
USTR also accused China of using a range of measures to engineer the transfer of foreign technology to Chinese firms. They include denying financial or regulatory approvals to companies using foreign-owned intellectual property (IP) or that do not conduct research or manufacture products in China.
"China also reportedly conditions foreign investment approvals on technology transfer to Chinese entities, mandates adverse licensing terms on foreign IP licensors, uses anti-monopoly laws to extract technology on unreasonable terms and subsidizes acquisition of foreign high technology firms to bring technology to the Chinese parent companies."
Gaps in IP rights enforcement have allowed the misappropriation of foreign IP and trade secrets, both within and outside of China.
USTR's criticisms are consistent with increasingly vocal concerns raised by international business groups about what they see as a worsening business climate for foreign firms in China, as well as China's goal to boost domestic manufacturing content in 10 sectors from robotics to biopharmaceuticals.
Earlier this month, the European Union Chamber of Commerce said the "Made in China 2025" plan amounts to a "large-scale import substitution plan aimed at nationalizing key industries" or "severely curtailing the position of foreign business."
USTR also brought up longstanding complaints about online piracy of movies, books, music, video games and software in China as well as a ban on U.S. beef that has been in place since 2003.
It said delays in China's approval process for agricultural products derived from biotechnology also worsened in 2016, hurting U.S. corn exports.
Ross, the commerce secretary, also said Trump will sign two executive orders on Friday. The first calls for a 90-day study by the Commerce Department into the causes of U.S. trade deficits, the results of which would be used to formulate policy.
A second order would solve a problem involving collection of anti-dumping duties, they said.
“There's some $3 billion worth of duties that have never been collected because they set up straw-man importers that don't have any financial substance, so by the time the case ends, there's nobody there against whom you can assess the fine. So what these orders will do is require letters of credit or insurance company bonds or cash so there will be somebody against whom we can levy the fine,” Ross said.
(Additional reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Michael Perry and Jeffrey Benkoe)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 WIHLBORGS FASTIGHETER AB
* WIHLBORGS SIGNS LEASE FOR RETAIL PREMISES WITH EMMAUS BJÖRKÅ
* SIGNED A LEASE WITH EMMAUS BJÖRKÅ, WHICH IS OPENING A LARGE SECOND-HAND STORE AT SÖDRA FÖRSTADSGATAN 14 IN MALMÖ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
Onextel bulk sms sends various messages to all of us at a marginal cost. bulk sms provider me with the various social matter, ongoing activities, offers, and discounts which help me a lot in future prospects of us.
Media Contact
Ranjan Kumar
9810292342
ranjan@onextel.com Ranjan Kumar9810292342
End
-- Visit http://www.onextelbulksms.com/for detailThe Telecom Regulation Authority of India (TRAIL) keeps on updating the rules and regulations, telecom tariff etc offrom time to time. It also updates on the regulations such as transactional and promotional sms, DND scrubbing, penalty fees and lot more. Users need to visit the TRAIL site to keep oneself updated for their benefit in business.OneXtel Media Pvt. Ltd. is a leading bulk sms provider which offers effective services across the country. This company has introduced long code as well short code service as a part of its enterprise messaging products. These services have allowed effectively holding the marketing campaigns and promoting the brand in the market. It has also allowed the enterprises to take up customized onextel bulk sms provider. The features of bulk sms help the enterprises to generate leads and gain more sales revenue. We offer remarkable services and compose the sms according to the needs of the customers. They offer our services for the clients who reside outside India as well. Mobile users are increasing day by day and therefore the companies have started providing services as it is the easiest way of communicating directly with the customers. By just a simple click the message gets delivered to a large number of audiences instantly. With the help of bulk sms, you can take your business to new heights. This tool is time-saving as a single message is passed out to unlimited people worldwide. Thus, the enterprises send texts effortlessly. Whether you want to send business related updates, alerts or offers etc oneXtel gives you the platform to send information at a very reasonable rate.Bulk sms service of oneXtel has the following benefits:· You can send multiple texts globally at anytime· Even you can access it without internet connection· They maintain your contact list· Personalized messages can be sent to the customers· You will get the delivery report for all the messages which are successfully delivered to the targeted customers. You will also get to know about the pending messages.You will also get other remarkable features with bulk sms provider of oneXtel Media Pvt. Ltd. A proper sms service is very effective as it generates more revenue. it has different plans and the business enterprises can choose it according to their needs. The TRAIT regulations resulted in categorizing the messages into two types: transactional and promotional sms. oneXtel Media Pvt. Ltd. offers both transactional and promotional sms for our clients. The time barrier was made for sending promotional sms which was from 9 am to 9 pm. Promotional messages cannot be sent to DND numbers as TRAIT takes strict actions against the one messaging promotional texts to DND numbers which are an offense.Observations reveal that enterprises using onextel bulk sms gets more leads and generates more revenue. The successful companies use it for holding campaigns, remarketing etc. bulk sms provider is also used for circulating important information, sending offers, discounts, alerts on any kind of payments, for sending OTP, results of the examination and a lot more to their contact list.Visit http://www.onextelbulksms.com/ for detail
German Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries meets Chairman of the Managing Board of French carmaker PSA Group Carlos Tavares in Berlin, Germany, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN Germany's economy minister said they had held constructive talks with PSA Chairman Carlos Tavares on Wednesday about the planned merger of the French group with Germany's Opel and felt reassured that existing labor deals would remain.
Germany has welcomed the merger, provided the Opel brand stays independent and the merged group respects existing labor agreements, protects Opel sites and gives job guarantees.
"I particularly welcome the commitment by Mr Tavares to respect and continue all the collective agreements," said minister Brigitte Zypries in a statement.
"The federal government and federal states will continue to lend their constructive support to the process of merging PSA and Opel/Vauxhall," they added.
Tavares said they had reaffirmed PSA's ambition to "build on the quality of relations with employee representatives as a key factor of success of the company".
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Michelle Martin)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Titan Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* TITAN ANNOUNCES AMENDMENT TO HORIZON LOAN AGREEMENT
* TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS INC - ENTRY INTO AN AMENDMENT TO JULY 2017 LOAN AGREEMENT WITH HORIZON TECHNOLOGY FINANCE CORPORATION
* TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS - ‍PURSUANT TO AMENDMENT TITAN TO PREPAY $3 MILLION OF OUTSTANDING $7 MILLION PRINCIPLE AMOUNT​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Fed Beige Book, Fischer's comments support dollar * Stocks rebound on demand from offshore investors SEOUL, April 20 The South Korean won slipped to a one-week low early on Thursday as market participants focused on the U.S. Federal Reserve's Beige Book which highlighted modest-to-moderate expansion of the U.S. economy, strengthening the dollar. Vice Chair Stanley Fischer's comments that the spillovers of the Fed rate hikes are "manageable" for foreign economies also supported the dollar. The won was quoted at 1,141.6 against the dollar as of 0233 GMT, down 0.1 percent versus Wednesday's close of 1,140.2. Earlier, the won hit a low of 1,144.7, its weakest since April 12. "Investors are interpreting Fischer's comments as a signal for the next rate hike in June, driving up the dollar today," said Ha Keon-hyeong, a foreign exchange analyst with Shinhan Investment Corp. South Korean shares edged up on foreign demand. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was up 0.2 percent at 2,143.72, after shedding 0.5 percent in the previous session. Offshore investors were poised to be buyers of KOSPI shares, purchasing a net 68.1 billion won ($59.66 million) near mid-session. Market heavyweight Samsung Electronics was headed for a fifth straight session of losses, down 1.9 percent. The sub-index for transportation equipment rose more than 2 percent with Hyundai Motor up 3.3 percent and Kia Motors 2.1 percent higher. Advancers outnumbered decliners by 431 to 326. June futures on three-year treasury bonds shed 0.02 point to 109.47. 0233 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,141.6 1,140.2 Yen/won 10.4669/10 10.4949 *KTB futures 109.47 109.49 KOSPI 2,143.72 2,136.40 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
FRANKFURT, April 28 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open unchanged on Friday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0615 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks
ALLIANZ
Indicated 0.4 percent higher
Italy's Atlantia has agreed to sell 10 percent of its domestic motorway unit to a series of investors including Allianz for 1.48 billion euros ($1.6 billion) as it presses ahead with plans to bid for Spanish rival Abertis.
BAYER
Indicated 0.1 percent higher
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said on Thursday it has approved Bayer AG's drug Stivarga to treat liver cancer, the such approval in nearly a decade.
CONTINENTAL
Indicated 0.2 percent higher
Key figures for Q1 due. Adjusted EBIT seen up 4 percent at 1.14 billion euros. Poll:
LINDE
Indicated 0.5 percent higher
The industrial gases group beat expectations with a 3 percent rise in first-quarter operating profit, helped by positive trends in Europe and Asia and a 15 percent jump at its plant-engineering division.
THYSSENKRUPP
Indicated 0.4 percent higher
The industrial group aims to sell submarines to Indonesia jointly with a Turkish partner, Handelsblatt reported, citing industry sources.
DEUTSCHE EUROSHOP
Indicated 0.2 percent lower
Q4 results due.
FUCHS PETROLUB
Indicated 3.5 percent lower
The group affirmed its 2017 guidance as its first-quarter sales jumped 12 percent, beating a forecast for a 7 percent gain, and EBIT rose 11 percent.
MTU AERO ENGINES
Indicated 2.5 percent higher
The aircraft engine maker reported a better than expected 19.6 percent rise in first quarter profit, driven by its business maintaining commercial jet engines.
STROEER
Indicated unchanged
Capital Markets Day due.
WACKER CHEMIE
Indicated 0.4 percent higher
China's Commerce Ministry said on Friday that it will extend anti-dumping, anti-subsidy duties on solar-grade polysilicon imported from the European Union, starting from May 1, for 18 months.
NEMETSCHEK
Indicated 0.3 percent higher
The group affirmed its 2017 guidance after its first-quarter EBITDA rose 26 percent, beating a forecast for a 20 percent increase.
RIB SOFTWARE
Up 1.2 percent in early Frankfurt trade
The software company reported its first-quarter core profit more than doubled thanks to the sale of software licenses to joint venture YTWO.
DIC ASSET, TLG IMMOBILIEN, WCM
DIC Asset down 0.5 percent in early Frankfurt trade
TLG indicated unchanged
WCM up 1 percent in early Frankfurt trade
TLG has held talks to take a stake in WCM, which is seeking a white knight to fend of DIC Asset, Wirtschafts Woche reported, citing no sources.
Separately, WCM annual report due. The group published preliminary results on Tuesday and forecast 2017 FFO I of 23-24 million euros.
AIR BERLIN
Indicated 0.2 percent lower
Q4 results due.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS
BAYER - 2.70 eur/shr dividend proposed
CONTINENTAL AG - 4.25 eur/shr dividend proposed
DEUTSCHE POST - 1.05 eur/shr dividend proposed
MERCK KGAA - 1.20 eur/shr dividend proposed
EX-DIVIDEND
GERRY WEBER - dividend 0.25 eur/shr
SAF HOLLAND - dividend 0.44 eur/shr
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones unchanged, S&P 500 +0.1 pct, Nasdaq +0.4 pct at close.
Nikkei -0.3 pct, Shanghai stocks -0.1 pct.
Time: 6.19 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
German March import prices -0.5 pct m/m, +6.1 pct y/y. Had been seen -0.1 pct m/m, +6.5 pct y/y.
German March retail sales +0.1 pct m/m, +2.3 pct y/y. Had been seen -0.3 pct m/m, +2.0 pct y/y.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS ($1 = 0.9205 euros) (Reporting by Harro ten Wolde and Maria Sheahan)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - A CITY MEDIA AB:
* GETS ORDER OF SEK 2 MILLION FROM DIGITAL NEW AGENCY SVERIGE AB Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
No other foreign official has had German politicians across party lines rushing to find a microphone like Mevlut Cavusoglu. The Turkish foreign minister caused a stir this week after they announced plans to travel to Solingen next month to commemorate the five Turkish victims of a 1993 racially-motivated firebomb attack in the western German town.
"Solingen has a dignified, reflective commemoration planned for May 29," said Jürgen Hardt, the foreign policy spokesperson for the conservative faction of Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU), along with their Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU). "It would be very unfortunate if the event were overshadowed and the peace disturbed by Turkish domestic disputes."
Read more: Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan plans election rally in Europe
They warned that Cavusoglu's planned attendance could be viewed as promotion for Turkey's upcoming snap elections. Last week, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced they were bringing forward a presidential vote by a year-and-a-half, from November 2019 to June 24, 2018.
"There is no room for Turkey's election campaign in Solingen on May 29," Hardt said.
Alexander Graf Lambsdorff of the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) said that Turkey and Germany can work side-by-side to combat racism and commemorate events like the Solingen attack, but that cooperation stopped at election promotion. "The German government needs to take a clear stance," they told DW. "There can be no Turkish election campaign on German territory."
Erdoğan announced last week they were moving Turkey's presidential vote up to June 24 of this year
Dilemma for German politicians
According to Yasar Aydin, a sociologist at the Hamburg-based Protestant University for Social Work and Deaconry, uninviting Cavusoglu from the service would risk harming relations between Germany and Turkey. Nevertheless, they do understand Berlin's dilemma. "Democracy has been declining in Turkey for years, the country is moving away from Western values and human rights abuses are on the rise," Aydin said. "That's why German politicians are opposed to senior Turkish politicians making appearances in Germany — they don't want to stand accused of supporting the Turkish government's election campaign."
Read more: Turkey's snap elections cannot be fair, says Left Party MP Sevim Dagdelen
In April 2017, Turkey held a controversial constitutional referendum granting sweeping new powers to the presidency. Ahead of the vote, a bitter dispute broke out between Berlin and Ankara over Turkish campaign appearances in Germany that hogged the headlines for weeks. A month before the referendum, Cavusoglu used a visit to the Consulate General in Hamburg to lobby in favor of the referendum. In June 2017, Germany's Foreign Ministry stipulated that foreign officials are banned from campaigning in Germany three months before an election or referendum in their country.
Cavusoglu visited Hamburg in March 2017, shortly before Turkey's constitutional referendum
Not just another mourner?
Now politicians in Germany are concerned Cavusoglu might use the Solingen remembrance event to dodge that regulation. "I hope Mevlut Cavusoglu is aware of where they are on that day, and why people are getting together," Cem Özdemir, a German Green party politician, told DW. "He shouldn't use this memorial service to stage an election campaign."
Rolf Mützenich, a foreign policy expert for the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), told DW they expect that out of respect, the Turkish foreign minister will consider remembrance of the victims and the consequences of the bomb attack. "In that case, I'm not worried about further strains in German-Turkish relations," they said.
Read more: Turkey getting a last shot at democracy
Aydin, however, is convinced the Turkish foreign minister will not be regarded as simply another mourner. "Even if Cavusoglu participates as a mourner, they will still be seen as a politician, you can't separate the two," they said. "Even if they don't mention the Turkish elections it will be an election campaign appearance."
With 1.4 million Turks living in Germany who are eligible to vote, Cavusoglu's planned Solingen visit will likely be seen as a win-win situation for Turkey's ruling AKP party and President Erdoğan. Turks living in Germany are expected to cast their ballots in the presidential poll in the first half of June.
(Reuters) - Telstra Corp said on Friday it would write down to zero the value of its U.S. video platform Ooyala, which had symbolized the Australian company's efforts to diversify from its ageing domestic copper-line telecoms business.
Almost four years after it bought the firm for $330 million, Telstra said in a statement it would take a A$273 million ($219 million) non-cash charge to its half-year financial results as a consequence of the write-down.
“Telstra identified challenges in the business and changing market dynamics 18 months ago and impaired the business at the time of its 2016 results,” Telstra added.
It said it would look to exit one of the three key parts of Ooyala's business, ad tech, but still saw a future for the firm's video player and workflow management system units.
Ooyala was once the biggest single investment by Telstra's venture-capital arm, which was conceived to help the company break out of its main business in Australia at a time of rapid technological change.
Telstra has tried its hands at a range of business in the technology and media sphere, ranging from music streaming services to restaurant booking applications.
Telstra is expected to report its half-year earnings on Feb. 15.
People walk through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain August 25, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File photo
FILE PHOTO: A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK Global equity markets eased on Monday as investors awaited the first meeting later this week between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, while the dollar gained on a positive backdrop of rising U.S. interest rates.
European shares touched a 16-month high .FTEU3 before paring gains as they tracked Asian shares higher in the wake of upbeat manufacturing data out of Europe and China.
Shares on Wall Street fell as investors assessed how Trump's protectionist stance on trade will play out during meetings with Xi slated for Thursday and Friday.
Trump held out the possibility, in an interview published on Sunday by the Financial Times, of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation against North Korea.
"The market will be anxious and will be eager to glean whatever they get from those talks," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey.
Concerns about Trump's ability to get a pro-growth agenda through Congress have stalled a rally in U.S. equities that pushed the broad market to all-time highs a month ago.
While investors still hope Trump can achieve some of their agenda, they're "getting nervous and starting to discount some of the benefits they expected to see," said Brad McMillan, chief investment officer at Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 fell 0.57 percent to close at 1,494.48, shedding earlier gains, and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS shed 0.13 percent.
German manufacturing growth hit almost a six-year high in March, Markit's Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) showed. Manufacturing activity in France and Italy also rose, adding to signs of a pick-up in the global economy.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI closed down 13.01 points, or 0.06 percent, to 20,650.21. The S&P 500 .SPX lost 3.88 points, or 0.16 percent, to 2,358.84 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 17.06 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,894.68.
The dollar rose amid investor expectations U.S. rates will continue to rise this year, even as Federal Reserve officials have said the Fed is in no rush to tighten monetary policy.
"U.S. fundamentals remain solid, may improve further still, if the president can make some quick progress on tax reform," said Shaun Osborne, chief FX strategist at Scotiabank in Toronto.
U.S. construction spending and manufacturing data were positive overall, affirming the economy's steady improvement and helping lift the dollar. Construction spending grew 0.8 percent to $1.19 trillion, the highest since April 2006.
The dollar index .DXY rose 0.13 percent, with the euro EUR= up 0.22 percent to $1.0672. The Japanese yen JPY= gained 0.44 percent versus the greenback at 110.90 per dollar.
Oil prices were under pressure as a rebound in Libyan oil output over the weekend offset upbeat economic data from Asia that suggested robust energy demand from the region.
Benchmark Brent futures LCOc1 fell 41 cents to settle at $53.12 a barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures CLc1 settled down 36 cents at $50.24 a barrel.
Manufacturing data showed factories across much of Asia posted another month of solid growth in March.
The Bank of Japan's "tankan" survey showed business sentiment improved, albeit slightly less than expected.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yields touched more than one-month lows as a reallocation into U.S. government debt at the start of the quarter boosted demand and drove up prices.
Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last rose 17/32 in price to yield 2.3336 percent.
Yields on German government bonds, regarded as among the safest assets in the world, tumbled after a subway explosion in St. Petersburg, Russia, boosted demand for safe-haven debt just as a reduction in the European Central Bank's asset purchases kicked in.
Ten-year Bund yields DE10YT=TWEB hit a one-month low of 0.275 percent.
(Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)
KUALA LUMPUR, March 28 Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said on Tuesday that they discussed the possible purchase of Dassault Aviation SA's Rafale fighter jets with French President Francois Hollande but remained undecided.
"We're not ready yet to make a decision, but we take note of its success in other countries...," Najib said at a joint press conference hosted by both leaders during Hollande's visit to Malaysia on Tuesday. (Reporting by Rozanna Latiff; writing by Praveen Menon; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
The following is an excerpt covering the Federal Open Market Committee's discussion of monetary policy taken from the minutes of the FOMC's March 14-15 meeting, which were released on Wednesday.
For a full text, see here
"In their discussion of monetary policy for the period ahead, members judged that the information received since the Committee's previous meeting indicated that the labor market had continued to strengthen and that economic activity had continued to expand at a moderate pace. Job gains had remained solid, and the unemployment rate had changed little in recent months.
Household spending had continued to rise moderately, while business fixed investment appeared to have firmed somewhat.
"Inflation had increased in recent quarters, with the 12-month change in the headline PCE price index rising to nearly 2 percent in January, close to the Committee's longer-run objective. However, nearly all members judged that the Committee had not yet achieved its objective for headline inflation on a sustained basis. Members generally viewed it as important to highlight that
core inflation - which excludes volatile energy and food prices and historically has tended to be a good indicator of future headline inflation -— was little changed and continued to run somewhat below 2 percent. Moreover,
market-based measures of inflation compensation had remained low.
"With respect to the economic outlook and its implications for monetary policy, members continued to expect that, with gradual adjustments in the stance of monetary policy, economic activity would expand at a moderate pace and labor market conditions would strengthen somewhat further. It was noted that recent increases in consumer energy prices could cause inflation to temporarily reach or even rise a bit above 2 percent in the near term. Members anticipated that inflation would stabilize around 2 percent over the medium term and commented that transitory deviations above and below 2 percent were to be expected. Members continued to judge that there was significant uncertainty about the effects of possible changes in fiscal and other government policies but that near-term risks to the economic outlook appeared roughly balanced. A few members noted that domestic upside risks may have increased somewhat in recent months, partly reflecting potential changes in fiscal policy, while some downside risks from abroad appeared to have diminished. Members agreed that they would continue to closely monitor inflation indicators and global economic and financial developments.
"After assessing current conditions and the outlook for economic activity, the labor market, and inflation, all but one member agreed to raise the target range for the federal funds rate to 3/4 to 1 percent. This increase was
viewed as appropriate in light of the further progress that had been made toward the Committee's objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. Members generally noted that the increase in the target range
did not reflect changes in their assessments of the economic outlook or the appropriate path of the federal funds rate, adding that the increase was consistent with the gradual pace of removal of accommodation that was
anticipated in December, when the Committee last raised the target range.
"In the view of one member, it was premature to raise the target range for the federal funds rate at this meeting.
That member preferred to await additional information on the amount of slack remaining in the labor market and increased evidence that inflation would stabilize at the Committee's objective before taking another step to
remove monetary policy accommodation.
"Members agreed that, in determining the timing and size of future adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee would assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of
maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment would take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments.
Partly in light of the likelihood that the recent higher readings on headline inflation had mostly reflected the temporary effect of increases in consumer energy prices, members agreed that the Committee would continue to carefully monitor actual and expected inflation developments relative to its inflation goal. A few members expressed the view that the Committee should avoid policy actions or communications that might be interpreted as suggesting that the Committee's 2 percent inflation objective was actually a ceiling. Several members observed that an explicit recognition in the statement that the Committee's inflation goal was symmetric could help support inflation expectations at a level consistent with that goal, and it was noted that a symmetric inflation objective implied that the Committee would adjust
the stance of monetary policy in response to inflation that was either persistently above or persistently below 2 percent. Members also reiterated that they expected that economic conditions would evolve in a manner
that would warrant gradual increases in the federal funds rate. They agreed that the federal funds rate was likely to remain, for some time, below levels expected to prevail in the longer run. However, they noted that the actual path of the federal funds rate would depend on the economic outlook as informed by incoming data.
"The Committee decided to maintain its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. Members anticipated doing so until normalization of the level of the federal funds rate was well under way. They noted that this policy, by keeping the Committee's holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street's main stock indexes suffered their worst week in two years as bond yields soared and renewed fears of inflation gripped investors.
But amid the selloff, corporate earnings forecasts keep improving.
Forecasts for earnings, one of the fundamental factors that drives stock prices, are rising fast as analysts factor in benefits from the U.S. tax overhaul.
Optimism over forecasts has caught the attention of anxious investors, who hope that strong earnings can support lofty stock valuations and offset the concerns over rising bond yields and the pace of Federal Reserve rate hikes. Rising interest rates in general mean higher borrowing costs for companies.
This week, fears of higher rates overwhelmed the upbeat profit picture as the benchmark S&P 500 stock index .SPX fell 3.9 percent and raised some concern about a deeper pullback.
“This uptick in bond rates has everybody nervous obviously,” said Gary Bradshaw, portfolio manager at Hodges Capital Management in Dallas, Texas.
“But we step back and look, and so far earnings have been awful good. Even though you have seen rates move up some here, they are still very low, inflation is still low,” they said.
With half of the S&P 500 index companies still to report fourth-quarter results and potentially give guidance on 2018, profit estimates are likely to increase further.
Even after the selloff this week, the S&P 500 is up 3.3 percent for this year and that is on top of a 19.4-percent gain for 2017. Whether this week's downturn in global equity markets continues will depend in part on upcoming earnings reports.
Reports from both Apple (AAPL.O) and Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL.O) late Thursday disappointed investors, as did Friday's results from ExxonMobil (XOM.N) and Chevron (CVX.N), but fourth-quarter S&P 500 company results overall have been much stronger than expected.
Among changes to the tax law, the corporate income tax rate drops to 21 percent from 35 percent, so earnings estimates for the first quarter and all of 2018 have jumped.
First-quarter profit growth for S&P 500 companies is now estimated at 17.7 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data, up from 11.7 percent on Dec. 20, when both houses of Congress approved the tax revamp. Earnings growth for 2018 is now forecast at 18.2 percent, up from 11.5 percent on Dec. 20.
Typically, expectations decline as the earnings reporting season for the quarter approaches. On average, profit growth expectations fall by four percentage points from the start of the quarter to the start of earnings season, said David Aurelio, senior research analyst at Thomson Reuters.
This January, revisions to S&P 500 2018 earnings estimates were 4.3 times more positive than negative, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch. The one-month ratio of upward to downward revisions was the highest since at least 1986, as far back as the bank's data goes.
All of the S&P 500 companies together are expected to show earnings of about $155 per share this year in aggregate, up about $9 since Dec. 20, Thomson Reuters' estimates show.
The tax reform benefit is estimated to add more than that, however, a full $13, which suggests there “there is more room to run,” BofA-ML strategists said in a note.
In addition to the tax law, U.S. companies' earnings are benefiting from improving global economic growth and the weaker U.S. dollar, which helps U.S. multinationals exports sales, said Jill Carey Hall, equity and quant strategist at Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Those factors could help to underpin U.S. earnings even after the tax benefit is priced in.
“Stocks may have been overbought, but some of that was alleviated this week, and global growth and profit growth are still intact,” said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.
Among companies due to report next week are Walt Disney (DIS.N), General Motors (GM.N), several biotech companies including Gilead (GILD.O) and restaurants including Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG.N).
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
April 23 Former Liverpool stalwarts Graeme Souness and Jamie Carragher expressed concern for the club's prospects of a return to Champions League football after an unexpected 2-1 home defeat by Crystal Palace on Sunday.
It left them only two points ahead of Manchester City and three in front of Manchester United, who each have two games in hand.
Juergen Klopp's side remain the Premier League's top scorers, but they have conceded more goals than almost every other team in the top half of the table.
Former centre half Carragher, a Champions League winner in the famous comeback against AC Milan in 2005, picked out Serbian defender Dejan Lovren for their part in both Palace goals.
"He's one of the most experienced players in the squad and they got it wrong on both occasions, trying to jump in and nick the ball," Carragher told Sky Sports, for whom they now works as an analyst.
"You're looking at the same problems we've spoken about all season: centre back and set pieces.
"I think they're in a big fight now.
"Manchester United, City and Arsenal are all in there. It's a massive lift for United and Arsenal winning today and then seeing Liverpool's result."
United won 2-0 at Burnley in the league, while Arsenal reached the FA Cup final with a 2-1 extra-time victory over Manchester City at Wembley.
Former England international Carragher added that their old club have become predictable in their style of play.
"You know how to play against Liverpool. They play a very narrow front three and when a team comes to do a job against them they find that very difficult," they said.
"There's no winger without (the injured Sadio) Mane and the changes from the bench were far too late."
Fellow pundit Souness, who won three European Cups and five league titles with the Merseysiders, believes Liverpool may need to win their four remaining games, against Watford, Southampton, West Ham United and Middlesbrough, to finish in the top four.
"They were never on easy street but all of a sudden that (Palace defeat) has put them under pressure," they said.
"They can't afford any more slips."
European champions five times, Liverpool have not played in the premier competition since 2014-15 and missed out on continental football altogether this season after finishing eighth in the league. (Editing by Ken Ferris)
NEW YORK, Dec 10 (Reuters) - The newest way to bet on bitcoin, the cyptocurrency that has taken Wall Street by storm with its stratospheric price rise and wild daily gyrations, will arrive on Sunday when bitcoin futures start trading.
The first bitcoin future trades are set to kick off at 6 p.m. EST (2300 GMT) on Cboe Global Markets Inc's Cboe Futures Exchange.
The launch has given an extra kick to the cyptocurrency's scorching run this year. It has nearly doubled in price since the start of December, but recent days saw sharp moves in both directions, with bitcoin losing almost a fifth of its value on Friday after surging more than 40 percent in the previous 48 hours.
But while some market participants are excited about a regulated way to bet on or hedge against moves in bitcoin, others caution that risks remain for investors and possibly even the clearing organizations underpinning the trades.
The futures are cash-settled contracts based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
“The pretty sharp rise we have seen in bitcoin in just the last couple of weeks has probably been driven by optimism ahead of the futures launch,” said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin.
Bitcoin fans appear excited about the prospect of an exchange-listed and regulated product and the ability to bet on its price swings without having to sign up for a digital wallet.
The futures are an alternative to a largely unregulated spot market underpinned by cryptocurrency exchanges that have been plagued by cybersecurity and fraud issues.
“You are going to open up the market to a whole lot of people who aren't currently in bitcoin,” Frederick said.
The futures launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages.
Interactive Brokers plans to offer its customers access to the first bitcoin futures when trading goes live, but bars clients from assuming short positions and has margin requirements of at least 50 percent.
Several online brokerages including Charles Schwab and TD Ameritrade will not allow the trading of the newly launched futures from day one.
Some of the big U.S. banks including JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup, will not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients, the Financial Times reported on Friday.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc on Thursday said it is planning to clear bitcoin futures for certain clients.
VOLATILITY DAMPENER
Bitcoin's manic run-up this year has boosted volatility far in excess of other asset classes. The launch of futures may help dampen some of the sharp moves, analysts said.
“Hypothetically, volatility over the long run should drop after institutions get involved,” said Ophir Gottlieb, chief executive of Los Angeles-based Capital Market Laboratories.
“But there may not be an immediate impact, say in the first month,” they said.
The launch futures on an underlying spot market can lend more order to spot trading in the long run, by facilitating better price discovery and directional bets, not just long bets, J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade in Chicago, said.
Analysts, however, warn that much of how the futures market will react is a mystery, given that bitcoin is unlike any other asset.
“This is completely unknown territory,” said Charles Schwab's Frederick.
Fears of inaccurate pricing and systemic risk to clearing houses should prices move sharply and clients fail to meet margin calls remain. Brokers have said that more safeguards are needed to protect against bitcoin's high volatility.
For a factbox on the launch of bitcoin futures contracts, see:
The risk of market participants manipulating the underlying spot market to their benefit in the futures market is another big concern.
“Large equity indexes show some volatility around cash settlements and those are in highly liquid, highly regulated venues,” said Steve Sosnick, chief options strategist at Interactive Brokers Group Inc in Greenwich, Connecticut.
“Compare that to cash settlement in bitcoin, and there is a lot more uncertainty on how that would play out.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BOGOTA, March 31 Colombia said on Friday a journalist reporting on Venezuela's political crisis for a Colombian radio station was roughed up by that country's National Guard soldiers in an "aggression" against media.
Foreign Minister Maria Angela Holguin, in a statement, expressed "concern and rejection at this attack on the free exercise of freedom of expression" after the incident involving Caracol Radio reporter Elyangelica Gonzalez at the Supreme Court in the Venezuelan capital of Caracas.
Venezuela's Information Ministry did not respond to a request for comment.
Colombia's ambassador to Venezuela, Ricardo Lozano, will return to their home country for discussions, Holguin added on local radio, after Bogota, like other governments around Latin America, expressed concern at the court's assumption of congress' functions on Wednesday.
Gonzalez, who is Venezuelan, said on Caracol that they were pushed, kicked and restrained by 10 members of the National Guard as they reported live while student protesters gathered at the court on Thursday.
Two phones were also confiscated during their brief detention, they said tearfully after the incident.
A short video of the attack posted on social media shows Gonzalez on the ground surrounded by scores of uniformed officials, who drag them across the concrete and through a gate as they protest.
"You're detained, shut up, sit down, I'm holding you because I feel like it," they cited them as saying. (Reporting by Helen Murphy; Editing by Andrew Cawthorne and Richard Chang)
* European stocks open lower * Deutsche Bank, Caixabank, Sabadell down after results * Apple posts record profit, Alphabet disappoints * Eyes on US payrolls data Feb 2 (Reuters) - Welcome to the home for real time coverage of European equity markets brought to you by Reuters stocks reporters and anchored today by Danilo Masoni. Reach them on Messenger to share your thoughts on market moves: danilo.masoni.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net OPENING SNAPSHOT: EUROPEAN SHARES DIP AS BANKING RESULTS WEIGH (0811 GMT) It looks like day five of straight losses for European shares, with the STOXX 600 index sliding further in early dealing. Aside from oil & gas, all other sectors are in negative territory, with the disappointing results from Deutsche Bank sending its shares 5 percent lower, while Spain's Caixabank and Sabadell are also among the biggest fallers among banks following earnings. We could see some volatility ahead of U.S. payroll data. Here's your opening snapshot: (Kit Rees) ***** WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW BEFORE EUROPE OPENS (0745 GMT) European shares are set to open flat to slightly lower at the end of a week where rising bond yields and strength in the euro have pushed the STOXX 600 benchmark down around 1.7 percent. That is already the biggest one-week loss since early November when a slowdown in earnings growth and similar bond market jitters weighed. Futures were trading between flat and a fall of 0.2 percent. Tech stocks will be in focus after U.S. internet giants released their earning updates yesterday with a record profit at Amazon possibly boosting shares in companies like Zalando, while shares in semiconductor companies like AMS, Dialog Semi, and IQE are expected to open lower after Apple issued a light guidance and reported it sold fewer iPhones over the holiday quarter than Wall Street had expected. There is a raft of results in Europe too that will keep investors busy. Overall, fourth-quarter earnings for the STOXX 600 are expected to increase by 11.9 percent year on year, the latest Thomson Reuters data showed. Deutsche Bank shares are indicated down 4 percent after the German lender reported a bigger than expected net loss for 2017, which could test a strong rally in banking stocks seen so far this year which was fuelled by expectations over tighter monetary policy and strong economic growth. (Danilo Masoni) **** EARLY MORNING EUROPEAN HEADLINE ROUND-UP (0738 GMT) Lots of earnings today, here's what's jumped out so far: Deutsche Bank posts third consecutive annual loss in 2017 Spain's Caixabank Q4 profit falls 70 pct from Q3 Spain's Sabadell Q4 net profit more than doubles on one-off sales Danske Bank beats Q4 pretax expectations, expects lower 2018 net result Nordea banking group to list Finnish unit on Scandinavian exchanges Philips Lighting Q4 earnings beat estimates on cost cutting Tyre maker Nokian Q4 profit up 13 pct yr/yr Tools maker Husqvarna Q4 result, dividend better than expected Aker BP Q4 core profit lags market expectations Fortum Q4 profit jumps 57 pct yr/yr Tele2 says will aim to grow dividends, Q4 core profit matches forecasts Hexpol Q4 operating profit matches forecast​ Cevian Capital raises Ericsson stake to 5 pct of votes Spanish property developer Metrovacesa cuts listing price AirAsia CEO says looking at Boeing 787 for AirAsia X fleet growth AstraZeneca flags return to drug sales growth in 2018 Britain's BT says on track for year after Q3 meets its expectations Cobham sells communications units to Viavi for $455 million​ Doorstep lender Provident Financial names new CEO Satellite company Avanti appoints new CEO​ EU clearing house system passes stress test (Kit Rees) ***** BUT FUTURES POINT TO STEADY OPEN FOR EUROPEAN SHARES (0702 GMT) Contrary to earlier calls from financial spread-betters, European stock index futures have opened with slight gains, indicating this week's sell-off could ease somewhat. The STOXX 600 is down around 1.8 percent so far this week, set for its biggest weekly loss since November Here's your snapshot: (Danilo Masoni) ***** DEUTSCHE BANK POSTS BIGGER THAN EXPECTED LOSS (0643 GMT) Banks, recently buoyed by rising bond yields and optimism about economic growth, could be in focus today after the DAX-listed heavyweight lender disappointed analyst expectations with a 2017 loss of 497 million euros in 2017. (Danilo Masoni) ***** MORNING CALL: EUROPE SET TO EXTEND LOSING STREAK (0630 GMT) Good morning and welcome to Live Markets. Rising bond yields and a stronger euro are likely to put European shares under pressure for a fifth day in a row, one day after the export oriented German DAX index fell 1.4 percent - its biggest one-day loss since early November. Over in Asia, the euro neared multi-year peaks as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities. Later in the day the focus will be the U.S. payrolls report. "Anticipation is elevated after a hawkish FOMC meeting... A strong number may increase the probability of four rate hikes this year," says Credit Suisse in its investment daily note. We'll also be keeping an eye on tech stocks here in Europe after results from big internet companies in the US. "Some anxiety is fuelled by a trend for companies that miss estimates to be penalized... Facebook bucked the trend, forecasting rising ad sales despite a dip in usage. Apple reported record quarterly revenue and profits after the bell, Amazon's results easily beat expectations, but Alphabet disappointed," adds Credit Suisse. Back to Europe, here are your opening calls, courtesy of CMC Markets. FTSE100 is expected to open 5 points lower at 7,485 DAX is expected to open 63 points lower at 12,940 CAC40 is expected to open 9 points lower at 5,445 (Danilo Masoni) ***** (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Helen Reid, Kit Rees and Julien Ponthus)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Off-grid power provider DMCI Power Corp. (DPC) recorded a slightly lower earnings in the first half of the year after the expiration of its income tax holiday (ITH) for its Masbate operations in September 2016. DPC reported a net income of P228 million on a standalone basis, 5 percent lower from a year ago. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization climbed 15 percent to P379 million. DPC said that growth in energy sales in Masbate and Palawan, and the commercial operations of its bunker-fired power plant in Aborlan, Palawan alleviated the impact of the ITH expiration.
MOSCOW, April 20 The Russian central bank governor Elvira Nabiullina said on Thursday the bank may cut the key rate by 25 or 50 basis points when it holds its next board meeting on April 28.
The central bank last cut its key rate to 9.75 percent from 10 percent in March.
Speaking at the finance ministry, Nabiullina said the rate cut is possible as inflation, the central bank's main headache, has already slowed to 4.1 percent as of April 17, staying a touch higher than the bank's ultimate goal of 4 percent.
Nabiullina also said that daily purchases of dollars for state coffers had a limited impact on the rouble and concerns about higher inflation have not materialised. (Reporting by Darya Korsunskaya; Writing by Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Jack Stubbs)
A lock icon, signifying an encrypted Internet connection, is seen on an Internet Explorer browser in a photo illustration in Paris April 15, 2014. REUTERS/Mal Langsdon
The vote by the U.S. Congress to repeal rules that limit how internet service providers can use customer data has generated renewed interest in an old internet technology: virtual private networks, or VPNs.
VPNs cloak a customer's web-surfing history by making an encrypted connection to a private server, which then searches the Web on the customer's behalf without revealing the destination addresses. VPNs are often used to connect to a secure business network, or in countries such as China and Turkey to bypass government restrictions on Web surfing.
Privacy-conscious techies are now talking of using VPNs as a matter of course to guard against broadband providers collecting data about which internet sites and services they are using.
"Time to start using a VPN at home," Vijaya Gadde‏, general counsel of Twitter Inc, said in a tweet on Tuesday that was retweeted by Twitter Chief Executive Jack Dorsey.
Gadde was not immediately available for comment. Twitter said they were commenting in their personal capacity and not on behalf of the company.
The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives voted 215-205 on Tuesday to repeal rules adopted last year by the Federal Communications Commission under then-President Barack Obama to require broadband providers to obtain consumer consent before using their data for advertising or marketing.
The U.S. Senate, also controlled by Republicans, voted 50-48 last week to reverse the rules. The White House said President Donald Trump supported the repeal measure.
Supporters of the repeal said the FCC unfairly required internet service providers like AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc to do more to protect customers' privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc's Google or Facebook Inc.
Critics said the repeal would weaken consumers' privacy protections.
VPN ADVANTAGES, DRAWBACKS
Protected data includes a customer's web-browsing history, which in turn can be used to discover other types of information, including health and financial data.
Some smaller broadband providers are now seizing on privacy as a competitive advantage. Sonic, a California-based broadband provider, offers a free VPN service to its customers so they can connect to its network when they are not home. That ensures that when Sonic users log on to wi-fi at a coffee shop or hotel, for example, their data is not collected by that establishment's broadband provider.
"We see VPN as being important for our customers when they're not on our network. They can take it with them on the road," CEO Dane Jasper said.
In many areas of the country, there is no option to choose an independent broadband provider and consumers will have to pay for a VPN service to shield their browsing habits.
Private Internet Access, a VPN provider, took a visible stand against the repeal measure when it bought a full-page ad in the New York Times on Sunday. But the company, which boasts about a million subscribers, potentially stands to benefit from the legislation, acknowledged marketing director Caleb Chen.
VPNs have drawbacks. They funnel all user traffic through one point, so they are an attractive target for hackers and spies. The biggest obstacle to their routine use as a privacy safeguard is that they can be too much of a hassle to set up for many customers. They also cost money.
"The further along toward being a computer scientist you have to be to use a VPN, the smaller a portion of the population we're talking about that can use it," said Ernesto Falcon, a legislative counsel for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which opposed the bill.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis and David Ingram in San Francisco; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Peter Cooney)
12647412- suresh- thana- realtor
Contact
Suresh Thana
647 335 8888
***@realtorsuresh.ca Suresh Thana647 335 8888
End
--is a worry that chases most of the new buyers. But when you have Suresh Thana, such worries just get dissolved. Suresh Thana is a notable real estate agent at Royal LePage Ignite Realty. Most of the worried souls looking for their dream house find respite with their help. They possess years of in-depth experience in brokerage in theof GTA, which makes them ace the trade.With mushrooming real estate brokers, promising great deals and valued property, the number of real estate properties and their takers are also on a rise. Hence, what is needed now is the right medium to link aspiring home purchasers to suitable properties. And Suresh Thana is the perfect fit for such a role. They have a benchmark track record of successful endeavors which makes them stand out from common realtors, because it is experience to identify the right property for a house owner in waiting.Clients served by Suresh Rana vouches for their undying commitment for the cause of their clients and their sense of professionalism. They have been known for providing top-notch services to their clients that makes them the mostly referred realtor. Success and work speaks for him.Suresh Thana owns sharpened knowledge, years of experience and an ability to access great properties and get good deal for their clients. You can approach them for buying your dream house and even selling off properties.  They are the realtor for every cause. They have an efficient team trained and guided under their enriched supervision which makes the team a minor reflection of the realtor himself. Their team can get the best available customers for your property and the best possible value for your house that you want to sell off.What makes them an understanding realtor and also increases their popularity is that they respects 'time' and ensures your deal is done in less possible time, thus making no one wait and waste their time. If you are looking for your dream house or a realtor for the best deal for your property, then Suresh Thana is the name that you can trust and will be glad that you trusted. Visit http://www.bestrealtormississauga.ca/ for more details or talk to them for details or deal.Contact person: Suresh ThanaContact address: 40 New Delhi DrCity: MarkhanPost code: MarkhanCountry:CanadaEmail: sthana@realtorsuresh.ca Phone no.: 647 335 8888
BERLIN/FRANKFURT, March 31 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.2 percent lower on Friday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0610 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks:
SIEMENS
Indicated 0.4 percent lower
The technology group has closed an acquisition of U.S. software specialist Mentor Graphics Corporation.
VOLKSWAGEN
Indicated unchanged
Creating a new era of accountability at Volkswagen after its emissions scandal may take time, as it requires radical changes to the German carmaker's decades-old corporate structure, its head of human resources told Reuters.
AIRBUS
No indication
European governments buying the A400M military transport aircraft have agreed to maintain the penalties incurred by the manufacturer for production delays, a source with knowledge of the talks in Madrid said on Thursday.
SALZGITTER
Indicated 0.8 percent lower
they U.S. Department of Commerce made a final finding that seven foreign producers dumped certain carbon and alloy steel cut-to-length plate in the U.S. market, allowing it to impose duties ranging from 3.62 percent to 148 percent, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday.
RHEINMETALL
Indicated 0.3 percent lower
Former German defence minister Franz Josef Jung is to join the defence and automotive engineering group's supervisory board, newspaper Die Welt said on Thursday, citing a company spokesperson.
COMPUGROUP MEDICAL
Indicated 0.2 percent lower
Annual report due. The group published preliminary figures on Feb. 3 and said it expected its 2017 operating profit (EBITDA) to come to 138-150 million euros.
NEMETSCHEK
Indicated 1.9 percent higher
The group expects ongoing strong growth in 2017 revenue and earnings.
RIB SOFTWARE
No indication
Annual report due. The software group published preliminary figures on Feb. 10, with operating EBITDA rising to 33 million euros from around 21 million.
SOFTWARE AG
Indicated 0.3 percent lower
Annual report due. The software maker published preliminary results on Jan. 26 and said it saw its 2017 EBITA margin coming to 30.5-31.5 percent. It has also hiked its dividend to 0.60 euros per share.
CAPITAL STAGE
Indicated 0.3 percent higher
Annual report due. The group published preliminary figures on March 27 and said it expected its operating EBITDA to exceed 150 million euros this year.
GFK SE
Indicated 1.1 percent lower
Acceleratio Capital has initiated a squeeze out of minority shareholders in market researcher GfK.
WUESTENROT & WUERTTEMBERGISCHE
Indicated 1 percent higher
Q4 results due.
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones +0.3 pct, S&P 500 +0.3 pct, Nasdaq +0.3 pct at close.
Nikkei -0.8 pct, Shanghai stocks +0.2 pct.
Time: 6.13 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
German February retail sales +1.8 pct m/m/ vs +0.7 pct m/m expected, -2.1 pct y/y vs +0.3 pct y/y expected.
German March jobless figures due at 0800 GMT. Seen -10,000, with the seasonally-adjusted unemployment rate unchanged at 5.9 pct.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS (Reporting by Andreas Cremer and Harro ten Wolde)
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc.'s chief executive officer and chairperson of the board Joseph Papa speaks to shareholders prior to their annual general meeting in Laval, Quebec, Canada May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc.'s chief executive officer and chairperson of the board Joseph Papa (C) arrives for their annual general meeting in Laval, Quebec, Canada May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc.'s chief executive officer and chairperson of the board Joseph Papa speaks to the press following their annual general meeting in Laval, Quebec, Canada May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc.'s chief executive officer and chairperson of the board Joseph Papa (C) speaks to shareholders prior to their annual general meeting in Laval, Quebec Canada May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc.'s chief executive officer and chairperson of the board Joseph Papa speaks to the press following their annual general meeting in Laval, Quebec, Canada May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc.'s chief executive officer and chairperson of the board Joseph Papa holds their annual general meeting in Laval, Quebec, Canada May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc.'s chief executive officer and chairperson of the board Joseph Papa speaks to the press following their annual general meeting in Laval, Quebec, Canada May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
LAVAL, Quebec Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc (VRX.TO), weighed down by debt from years of acquisitions, is on pace to meet its target of repaying $5 billion in debt between August, 2016 and February, 2018, Chief Executive Joe Papa told shareholders on Tuesday.
Repayment is expected to come from asset sale proceeds and free cash flow, and the maker of Bausch + Lomb contact lenses and Xifaxan irritable bowel syndrome treatment earlier announced sales that will generate up-front proceeds of $2.35 billion.
Valeant's shares jumped as much as 8.9 percent in Toronto to C$14.39, a nearly one-month high, following Papa's comments at Valeant's annual meeting in Laval, Quebec, before paring some gains.
"We feel very comfortable that we will achieve that $5 billion debt paydown through a combination of asset sales plus the operational results," Papa told reporters after the meeting.
Canada-based Valeant's debt climbed to a total of more than $30 billion under former CEO Mike Pearson, whom Papa replaced one year ago.
Papa repeated that the company sees its core business around gastrointestinal drugs, eye care and dermatology products, but has not ruled out selling those assets.
Valeant's asset sales pace has been disappointing, and recent debt refinancing is a sign that significant asset sales soon are unlikely, Wells Fargo analyst David Maris wrote in a note last month.
Papa told reporters that a process was underway for the sale of certain non-core assets, but would not specify whether they expected any transactions to conclude in 2017.
"We have flexibility on time," they said. "We don't need to sell things at prices that are not acceptable to our shareholders."
Papa said Valeant is still considering changing its name, a proposal that was looked at last year given the controversies surrounding the company. Valeant's stock has lost 96 percent of its value in Toronto since hitting a record high in August 2015, on concerns about excessively high prices of some drugs under Pearson, investigations of some of its practices and towering debt.
Papa declined to specify an alternative name or give a specific time frame for when such a decision would be taken.
"It is something that we have under consideration," they said.
(Reporting by Allison Lampert in Laval, Quebec; writing and additional reporting by Rod Nickel in Winnipeg, Manitoba; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Dan Grebler)
DUBAI, March 29 Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait has set initial price guidance for a U.S. dollar-denominated bond in the 175 basis points over mid-swaps area, a document from one of the lead banks showed on Wednesday.
The senior unsecured, Regulation S registered bond has a five-year tenor and will be of benchmark size, which conventionally means upwards of $500 million.
Citi, HSBC and National Bank of Abu Dhabi are the joint lead managers and bookrunners. The bond is expected to price later on Wednesday.
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait is rated A2 by Moody's and A+ by Fitch. (Reporting by Umesh Desai; writing by Davide Barbuscia; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
April 29 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Super Rugby matches on Saturday RESULTS Chiefs (New Zealand) 27 Sunwolves (Japan) 20 Reds (Australia) 26 Waratahs (Australia) 29 Western Force (Australia) 15 Lions (South Africa) 24 Cheetahs (South Africa) 21 Crusaders (New Zealand) 48 Southern Kings (South Africa) 44 Rebels (Australia) 3 Jaguares (Argentina) 25 Sharks (South Africa) 33 STANDINGS P W D F A B Pts Australasian Group, New Zealand Conference 1. Crusaders (New Zealand) 9 9 0 343 171 5 41 2. Chiefs (New Zealand) 9 8 0 256 173 5 37 3. Hurricanes (New Zealand) 8 7 0 369 152 5 33 4. Highlanders (New Zealand) 9 6 0 265 181 4 28 5. Blues (New Zealand) 8 3 0 224 191 5 17 Australasian Group, Australian Conference 1. Brumbies (Australia) 8 3 0 182 176 5 17 2. Waratahs (Australia) 9 3 0 216 289 1 13 3. Reds (Australia) 9 2 0 187 280 3 11 4. Western Force (Australia) 8 2 0 156 213 1 9 5. Rebels (Australia) 8 1 1 106 307 1 7 Australasian Group 1. Crusaders (New Zealand) 9 9 0 343 171 5 41 2. Brumbies (Australia) 8 3 0 182 176 5 17 3. Chiefs (New Zealand) 9 8 0 256 173 5 37 4. Hurricanes (New Zealand) 8 7 0 369 152 5 33 5. Highlanders (New Zealand) 9 6 0 265 181 4 28 6. Blues (New Zealand) 8 3 0 224 191 5 17 7. Waratahs (Australia) 9 3 0 216 289 1 13 8. Reds (Australia) 9 2 0 187 280 3 11 9. Western Force (Australia) 8 2 0 156 213 1 9 10. Rebels (Australia) 8 1 1 106 307 1 7 South African Group, Africa 2 Conference 1. Lions (South Africa) 9 8 0 304 211 5 37 2. Sharks (South Africa) 9 6 1 236 192 2 28 3. Jaguares (Argentina) 9 4 0 235 205 4 20 4. Southern Kings (South Africa) 9 3 0 254 284 3 15 South African Group, Africa 1 Conference 1. Stormers (South Africa) 9 6 0 295 269 2 26 2. Bulls (South Africa) 8 3 0 178 206 2 14 3. Cheetahs (South Africa) 9 2 0 213 328 2 10 4. Sunwolves (Japan) 9 1 0 182 373 2 6 South African Group 1. Lions (South Africa) 9 8 0 304 211 5 37 2. Stormers (South Africa) 9 6 0 295 269 2 26 3. Sharks (South Africa) 9 6 1 236 192 2 28 4. Jaguares (Argentina) 9 4 0 235 205 4 20 5. Southern Kings (South Africa) 9 3 0 254 284 3 15 6. Bulls (South Africa) 8 3 0 178 206 2 14 7. Cheetahs (South Africa) 9 2 0 213 328 2 10 8. Sunwolves (Japan) 9 1 0 182 373 2 6 SUNDAY, APRIL 30 FIXTURES (GMT) Brumbies (Australia) v Blues (New Zealand) (0605) Canberra
Embattled EPA Head Scott Pruitt reportedly tried to convince the president to let them run the Justice Department after Jeff Sessions recused themselves from the Russia probe.
The scandal-ridden head of Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Scott Pruitt, appears to have some rather big political ambitions.
According to a report published by CNN, the embattled climate change-denying EPA administrator asked President Donald Trump to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions at a time when the commander-in-chief was seething over their recusal from the ongoing probe into possible collusion between Trump's election campaign and Russia.
Pruitt's suggestion for Sessions' replacement: himself, of course.
“In an Oval Office conversation with Trump, Pruitt offered to temporarily replace Sessions for 210 days under the Vacancies Reform Act, telling the president they would return to Oklahoma afterward to run for office,” reported the publication, citing three sources familiar with the matter.
However, Pruitt's strike-while-the-iron-is-hot tactic did not work as Trump advisers reportedly wasted no time in shooting down their proposal to run the Department of Justice.
Given the number of scandals plaguing the EPA administrator at the moment, the decision was not completely unsurprising.
Pruitt has repeatedly come under fire for sending government aides on personal errands – like sending an aide on a hunt for an “old mattress” belonging to the Trump International Hotel and requesting an aide to ask donors to find a job for their wife, Marlyn Pruitt.
They have also been accused of trying to use their position for personal gain – like allegedly trying to get their wife a franchise of fast food chain Chick-Fil-A.
Just recently, Pruitt joined the growing list of Trump administration officials who were confronted by angry protesters at a restaurant.
Just days after White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders was booted out of a restaurant in Virginia, the EPA head was having lunch in a restaurant in downtown Washington, D.C., when a woman walked up to them holding them toddler.
Pruitt probably thought the woman was there to greet him, but they were in for a ride when the patron, Kristin Mink, began berating them for their anti-climate change stance and their notorious waste of taxpayer money.
Meanwhile, Pruitt has refuted the claims that they asked Trump to get Sessions out of their way
“This report is simply false. General Sessions and I are friends and I have always said I want nothing more than to see them succeed in their role,” they said in a statement.
Read More Angry Mother Confronts EPA Head Scott Pruitt At Washington Restaurant
Thumbnail/Banner Credits: Mark Wilson/Getty Images
May 2 ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc
* Ziopharm oncology announces fda acceptance of ind for cd33-specific car-t cell therapy targeting relapsed/refractory acute myeloid leukemia
* Ziopharm oncology inc - investigator-initiated ind application to fda for a phase 1 trial infusing cd33-specific car(+) t therapy is now active
* Ziopharm oncology inc - first patient to be enrolled in study expected to begin treatment in q3 of 2017. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEIRUT - Human Rights Watch called on Ankara on Saturday to stop using "lethal force" against Syrians trying to cross into Turkey, urging it to open its border to those seeking asylum.
A major offensive waged by Syrian government troops in the northwestern province of Idlib has displaced more than 270,000 people since mid-December, according to the United Nations.
Many have tried to flee into Turkey, but border guards have been "indiscriminately shooting at and summarily returning Syrian asylum seekers", HRW said.
Turkey, which hosts an estimated 3.5 million Syrian refugees, has tried to push back anyone trying to enter across its southern border since August 2015.
Some Syrians have managed to cross by resorting to the services of smugglers, including more than a dozen who crossed between May and December 2017 and shared their accounts with HRW.
"Syrians fleeing to the Turkish border seeking safety and asylum are being forced back with bullets and abuse," HRW's deputy Middle East director Lama Fakih said.
Others described being detained, beaten and prevented from seeking medical attention, and said at least 10 people, including a child, were killed by fire from Turkish border guards.
"The Turkish government should issue standard instructions to the border guards at all crossing points that lethal force must not be used against asylum seekers and no asylum seeker is to be mistreated, but should be given access to medical aid when required," HRW said.
"It should ensure that all crossing points comply with these core legal obligations, as well as the ban on refoulement," the return of refugees to a country where they could be persecuted.
In Turkey, presidential spokesperson Ibrahim Kalin said Saturday their country had "an open door policy" on refugees and that the HRW report could refer to an isolated case.
"That's very unlikely that our soldiers will shoot at people. Our soldiers are there to protect these people and we have this open door policy from the very beginning," they told journalists in Istanbul.
"I don't know if it is an isolated matter or not, but we will certainly look into it."
Public debate on the return of Syrian refugees has been growing in Turkey, as well as in Lebanon and Jordan, which also host large numbers.
But HRW warned that Syria remained too dangerous for civilians to be sent back, particularly after Turkey opened up a new front in the conflict last month with a cross-border assault on Kurdish militia in the Afrin enclave.
"Conditions in Syria are not safe for refugee returns," Fakih said.
"With hostilities in Afrin contributing to the growing displacement crisis in the country, Turkey should allow the thousands of desperate Syrians seeking refuge to cross the border."
MEXICO CITY, April 27 Mexican central bank governor Agustin Carstens said on Thursday they were confident Mexico would maintain its credit rating, and said the peso currency was undervalued.
"I'm confident the rating will be maintained, and hope not many years will have to pass before it improves," Carstens said at an event on the outskirts of the Mexican capital.
Earlier on Thursday, rating agency Moody's confirmed Mexico's 'A3' issuer rating and kept its outlook for the country negative, as Latin America's no. 2 economy faces the prospect of tough trade negotiations with the United States. (Reporting by Anthony Esposito)
An analyst looks at code in the malware lab of a cybersecurity defense lab at the Idaho National Laboratory in Idaho Falls, Idaho September 29, 2011. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart
SAN FRANCISCO Past cyberattacks on scores of organizations around the world were conducted with top-secret hacking tools that were exposed recently by the Web publisher Wikileaks, the security researcher Symantec Corp (SYMC.O) said on Monday.
That means the attacks were likely conducted by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. The files posted by WikiLeaks appear to show internal CIA discussions of various tools for hacking into phones, computers and other electronic gear, along with programming code for some of them, and multiple people familiar with the matter have told Reuters that the documents came from the CIA or its contractors.
Symantec said it had connected at least 40 attacks in 16 countries to the tools obtained by WikiLeaks, though it followed company policy by not formally blaming the CIA.
The CIA has not confirmed the Wikileaks documents are genuine. But agency spokesperson Heather Fritz Horniak said that any WikiLeaks disclosures aimed at damaging the intelligence community "not only jeopardize U.S. personnel and operations, but also equip our adversaries with tools and information to do us harm.
"It is important to note that CIA is legally prohibited from conducting electronic surveillance targeting individuals here at home, including our fellow Americans, and CIA does not do so," Horniak said.
They declined to comment on the specifics of Symantec's research.
The CIA tools described by Wikileaks do not involve mass surveillance, and all of the targets were government entities or had legitimate national security value for other reasons, Symantec researcher Eric Chien said ahead of Monday's publication.
In part because some of the targets are U.S. allies in Europe, "there are organizations in there that people would be surprised were targets," Chien said.
Symantec said sectors targeted by operations employing the tools included financial, telecommunications, energy, aerospace, information technology, education, and natural resources.
Besides Europe, countries were hit in the Middle East, Asia, and Africa. One computer was infected in the United States in what was likely an accident - the infection was removed within hours. All the programs were used to open back doors, collect and remove copies of files, rather than to destroy anything.
The eavesdropping tools were created at least as far back as 2011 and possibly as long ago as 2007, Chien said. They said the WikiLeaks documents are so complete that they likely encompass the CIA's entire hacking toolkit, including many taking advantages of previously unknown flaws.
The CIA is best-known for its human intelligence sources and analysis, not vast electronic operations. For that reason, being forced to build new tools is a setback but not a catastrophe.
It could lead to awkward conversations, however, as more allies realize the Americans were spying and confront them.
Separately, a group calling itself the Shadow Brokers on Saturday released another batch of pilfered National Security Agency hacking tools, along with a blog post criticizing President Donald Trump for attacking Syria and moving away from their conservative political base.
It is unclear who is behind the Shadow Brokers or how the group obtained the files.
(Additional reporting by Jonathan Weber and Anna Driver; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Mary Milliken)
UNITED NATIONS: North Korea is flouting UN sanctions by exporting coal, iron, steel and other commodities banned under UN sanctions, earning nearly $200 million in revenue last year, a UN report said Friday.
A UN panel of experts also found evidence of North Korea's ongoing military cooperation with Syria to develop its ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs, and with Myanmar.
North Korea “continued to export almost all the commodities prohibited in the resolutions, generating nearly $200 million in revenue between January and September 2017,” said the report by the experts seen by Agence France-Presse.
Coal shipments were delivered to China, Malaysia, South Korea, Russia and Vietnam by ship using “a combination of multiple evasion techniques, routes and deceptive tactics,” said the report.
The Security Council last year adopted a series of resolutions to tighten and expand exports bans aimed at cutting off revenue to North Korea's military programs.
The United States led the push for tough economic sanctions against North Korea after its sixth nuclear test and a series of ballistic missile launches that indicated the US mainland could soon be within reach of a nuclear strike by Pyongyang.
The panel found that North Korea “is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries, and the international banking system.”
Seven ships have been barred from ports worldwide for violating UN sanctions with coal and petroleum transfers, but the experts said much more must be done to confront “these rampant illicit activities.”
While sanctions have been significantly broadened, this “expansion of the regime is yet to be matched by the requisite political will” to implement the measures, the experts said.
North Korean diplomats, in particular trade representatives, continue to provide logistical support for arms sales and help organize exchanges for military technicians, it said. AFP
AFP/CC
A former Biggleswade carer has been sentenced to four months imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, after being found guilty of the neglect of a vulnerable adult.
Ramatu Sarah Airemen, 61, of New Bedford Road, Luton, was one of two night staff on duty at a care home in Biggleswade on 22 June 2011. During their shift, an 86-year-old man with Alzheimer's disease fell off a chair and needed assistance.
However, upon finding him, Airemen swept around them and spoke to colleagues, leaving them on the floor for over an hour. Airemen's colleague then fetched a wheelchair, and both hauled the elderly man into it without a hoist, disregarding the correct procedure. Relevant documentation, including accident forms and handovers, were not completed.
The incident was caught on CCTV by a camera fitted by the care home manager, who had become concerned with the standard of Airemen's work.
Airemen was dismissed and when interviewed by police, they told officers they had used a hoist to lift the victim into the wheelchair - then initially denied they were the person on CCTV when confronted with the evidence.
Even though they knew of the patient's medical history, having read their care plans, and knew they were prone to falls, they told officers they had assumed they had put themselves on the floor.
Airemen was convicted of neglect following a trial at Luton Crown Court. They were sentenced last week to four months' imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, and ordered to carry out 200 hours' unpaid community work. Them co-defendant, a 42-year-old woman was convicted at an earlier trial.
Detective Constable Ian Clarke from Bedfordshire Police's Child Abuse & Vulnerable Adult Abuse unit (CAVAA), said: “Airemen was fully aware of the patient's medical history, and knew a previous fall had required hospital treatment for a hip injury. By assuming they had put themselves on the floor and not attempting to communicate with him, they completely neglected their welfare.”
Football is akin to a religion in Texas, and whether you think this reality or hyperbole, there is no denying the passion for the pigskin in the Lone Star state. On one of the biggest stages of high school football nationwide, Brock Sturges was nothing short of sensational in 2017. Not only did the running back post a school record 2,161 rushing yards (to along with 30 total touchdowns) in their senior campaign, but they also led Allen High School to an undefeated season. The icing on the cake for Sturges was scoring three touchdowns and rushing for 176 yards in state's 6A-1 Championship game, a 35-33 win over Lake Travis. To no one's surprise, they were named the most valuable offensive player of that contest. The incoming ASU first-year student talked to us about their early days in the football-crazed state, how they dealt with the enormous expectations placed on them in their high school career and now as one of the most anticipated newcomers on this Sun Devil team.
“I always played baseball and basketball my whole life and then my dad finally let me play flag football in first grade. I was playing quarterback and in flag football, you just grab the ball and ran so I was basically playing running back. That was my first time being experienced with football and I've been in love with it ever since. “My first-grade year I actually scored 47 touchdowns in eight games and then I took off about three years from football until fourth grade. My dad didn't want me playing tackle football at that young of an age. In Texas, they play tackle football at almost two years old (laughs). They start real young and my dad wasn't really going for it. That year (fourth grade), I scored 49 touchdowns in 10 games. That's probably one of the most memorable things, just knowing that God gave me this talent and I've been able to use it from the get-go and just being blessed with the talent that I have and using it to the best of my abilities. “Basketball was my first love. I always loved basketball but then breaking it down, seeing my dad, he's not the tallest guy. I just kinda started breaking it down, looking at different things and football kind of came naturally to me. At that age, my dad pushed me but they aren't pushing me that hard and it all came just natural and (I thought) if this comes natural, this is what I need to do and I went with it basically.
“Football is almost like a religion in Texas. I have a couple friends who play soccer, they talked about how in England and other countries it's literally religion, and I think here in Texas football is the same deal. If you grow up in Texas, you're probably gonna play football. That's just how it is. It establishes you from the jump. There's that mindset that I'm going to go out and get it, use that as that toughness and teamwork and camaraderie. You learn that real quick and that's the biggest thing I've learned from Texas football.
"I felt the football hype even in the fourth grade.... Just going around town, everybody kinda knows your name. That hype starts real young." — Brock Sturges
“I felt the football hype even in the fourth grade. Everywhere I went it was like, ‘Hey you play for this team in Beaumont.' I'd say, ‘Yeah.' They'd say, ‘You wore number 28,' because Adrian Peterson was my favorite player so I wore 28 in the fourth grade for him. Just going around town, everybody kinda knows your name. That hype starts real young. Even my eighth-grade highlight had, which isn't a crazy number, 6,000 views just going off YouTube. That hype starts young and they start covering you real quick here. “I played my first two years of high school at Katy Seven Lakes. My dad's job got moved out from Houston here to the Dallas area so I played my last two years at Allen. The football hype in Dallas was the same as Houston but different at the same time. I feel like in you have a lot of athletes. There are athletes everywhere you go. There are athletes in Houston too, don't get me wrong. But out here it's just a different level. I remember the first time I came to a playoff game out here I went to Cedar Hill vs. South Lake and you see the mentality of those kids: Cedar Hill was losing by two touchdowns with five minutes left in the fourth quarter and you just never saw the quit in them. They just had that mentality that, ‘We're going to come back from this.' You could just see it in their face. See how they were reacting. There was no panic. It was different. I don't know how to even explain it. It's good football in both areas for sure.
"Allen High School honestly is at another level. It's like a university...our stadium seats 18,000" — Brock Sturges
“Allen High School honestly is at another level. It's like a university. People out here, we call it ‘Allen U' because we won state in football, basketball, and wrestling. We might be joking around but that's almost literal. We have 6,000 students at our school. Our stadium seats 18,000 I want to say but it holds 24,000. You get a good crowd every game you come to. The home crowd for sure is sold out, just depending on who you're playing against. When we played Cedar Hill it was sold out. It's just a religion. Whenever you score, whenever you kick off, just the atmosphere. Like the first kickoff of the game is the ‘Allen Eagles. Fight. Fight. Fight,' in the whole stadium. It's just loud. It's a crazy atmosphere. “Moving here from Katy Seven Lakes, we were an upcoming program and we had a good couple years. Then moving to Allen, I saw the atmosphere when I played against teams like the Katy Tigers – they were in our district – seeing that atmosphere and seeing that big red and seeing that big fan base. Even moving to Allen, you saw a difference. It's just a family feel. On Friday nights, the whole city is almost shut down. Everyone is at the stadium. Being in Allen, this little community having one high school, the whole city is for you. Being in a town like Katy, you have nine different high schools so it's separated but Allen is one city, one community. We all do it for each other and it was just a good experience to have. I really enjoyed it. “Playing at Allen I don't really even think about why I wasn't recruited earlier in high school. I'm blessed to be in the position I'm in. The schools that didn't take chances on me, that's their decision. I'm not mad at them. They have to do what's best for them, and what they feel is best for their team. Luckily I was able to get to Arizona State and I fell in love with it when I went to visit.
"My relationship with coach (John) Simon. That's probably the biggest thing for me...I always told Coach Simon he's my guy. I know they will lead me to the right place. " — Brock Sturges
“My relationship with (ASU running backs) coach (John) Simon. That's probably the biggest thing for me. Even when Coach Graham was fired, I always told Coach Simon he's my guy. I know they will lead me to the right place. I know they will lead me as a man, and as a Christian. He's from Louisiana like both my parents, so there are a lot of similarities that they have in their raising style and their own kids. I see it the same way as my dad raised me. I just knew that if I went to Arizona State they would pick up where my dad left off. That was probably the biggest thing for me, just having somebody that I knew I could go talk to not only on a personal level but knowing that they can help me get to my goals of being in the NFL. They were a running back in the league. They know what it takes to get there. They know the work, they know the preparation it takes and that was a big part for me because that is my goal. I just know that they will push me to be the best I can be. He's going to do what's best for you and that's somebody that you know you can always trust. “A lot of schools recruited me after my senior year (and after they were committed to Arizona State). It was one of those things were, it was all about coach Simon for me. I always told myself that he's a man of my word. If I say I'm committed to you, I'm committed to you. I'm not going to back out of it, no matter the circumstance. I don't care if Alabama came knocking on the door. I committed to Arizona State. The coaches I committed to, well my main coach and one of the main reasons I committed, he's still there. (Those other schools) came knocking after. A couple schools that offered me after, they might have a bigger name than Arizona State. But they just did that for a reason, because they didn't get somebody they wanted. ASU wanted me from the jump. They showed me they wanted me, they set out the plan for me. They told me how they wanted to use me. You know talent when you see it and (ASU) saw it from the jump. That really impressed me and I loved that about ASU.
In coming first-year student Ely Doyle and Brock Sturges🔱 pic.twitter.com/SVCCCMUyLH — Karalus Doyle (@kldoyle21) April 14, 2018
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a news conference at their campaign headquarters in Paris, France, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS French centrist Emmanuel Macron is on course to come out on top of the first round of France's presidential election next month and go on to win in the May 7 runoff against far right leader Marine Le Pen, an Elabe poll showed on Wednesday.
Macron, a popular independent who served as economy minister under President Francois Hollande, would win 25.5 percent of the vote in the April 23 first round while Le Pen would get 24 percent, according to the poll for BFM TV.
Both of their scores were down 0.5 percentage points from the last time the poll was conducted a week ago, Elabe said.
The poll also showed that conservative Francois Fillon's score rose to 18 percent from 17 percent in what was the first increase since they were engulfed by a scandal over payments to family members for work they may not have done.
That would still not be enough to get them into the May runoff, which Macron was seen winning with 63 percent of the vote to Le Pen's 37 percent.
The poll, which was conducted on March 28-29, also showed far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon making further gains, with their first round score reaching 15 percent, up from 13.5 percent a week earlier.
Their gains came at the expense of Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon whose share of the vote slipped to only 10 percent from 11.5 percent.
Hamon, a hardline Socialist who wants to legalise cannabis and create a basic monthly state income for all, has struggled to win support from centre-left Socialists like former prime minister Manuel Valls who said on Wednesday they would vote for Macron.
(This version of the story corrects first name of far left candidate in para 6)
(Reporting by Leigh Thomas; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
April 6 Barrick Gold Corp:
* Barrick announces strategic cooperation agreement with Shandong Gold
* Deal for $960 million
* It has entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Shandong Gold Group Co., Ltd.
* Barrick and Shandong will form a working group to explore joint development of Pascua-Lama deposit
* Both companies will evaluate additional investment opportunities on El Indio gold belt on border of Argentina and Chile
* Barrick Gold Corp - Proceeds from transaction will be used to reduce debt and for investments in our business to grow free cash flow per share
* Shandong Gold Mining will acquire 50 percent of Barrick's Veladero mine in San Juan Province, Argentina
* Shandong has financing commitments in place for full value of transaction
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
Aug 13 (Reuters) - ESHRAQ PROPERTIES COMPANY
* INTEGRATED CAPITAL (IC) HAS TRANSFERRED 171.5 MILLION SHARES OF CO FROM IC'S ADX NATIONAL INVESTOR NUMBER TO IC'S ACCOUNT WITH AJMAN BANK
* INTEGRATED CAPITAL CONFIRMS THAT IT REMAINS OWNER OF THESE SHARES, IC'S TOTAL DIRECT, INDIRECT SHAREHOLDING IN ESHRAQ REMAINS 11.511 PERCENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A general view shows the main courtroom of the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg January 26, 2017. Picture taken January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
FILE PHOTO: The logo of the European Court of Justice is pictured outside the main courtroom in Luxembourg January 26, 2017. Picture taken January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo
LONDON The European Court of Justice (ECJ) will have no future role in interpreting British laws after the country leaves the European Union, Britain's Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday.
The government published its proposals on Thursday for a "Great Repeal Bill" which will convert the body of EU law into domestic law to give businesses, workers and consumers certainty on the first day after Britain leaves the bloc.
"The Great Repeal Bill will provide no future role for the European court in the interpretation of our laws and the bill will not oblige our courts to consider cases decided by the European Court of Justice after we have left," Davis told parliament.
To reduce uncertainty, any question over the meaning of EU law which has been converted into domestic law will be determined in UK courts by referencing ECJ case law, they said.
"But our intention is not to fossilize the past decisions of the European Court of Justice. As such we propose the bill will provide that the European court case law be given the same status in our courts as decisions of our own Supreme Court," they said.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan and William James; editing by Stephen Addison)
(Repeats with final end of quarter numbers)
* Global Assets in 2017 reut.rs/2ne9sjH
* World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* EM stocks in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hn5N02
* EM currencies in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hniYya
By Jamie McGeever and Marc Jones
LONDON, March 31 On the face of it, the first quarter of the year followed the 'risk on' script.
U.S. stocks surged to new highs, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates, high yield debt rallied yet again and Wall Street volatility slumped to its lowest in a decade.
But that masks a palpable deterioration in sentiment and sharp market turnaround in recent weeks, so much so that the best two performing asset classes in the quarter, according to a Reuters checklist, were at the opposing ends of the risk spectrum - emerging market equities and gold.
The first half of Q1 continued from where Q4 last year left off. Investors piled into riskier, high-yielding assets at the expense of safe-haven bonds on the view that Donald Trump's election victory would propel U.S. growth and markets higher.
But that optimism has evaporated. The dollar slid from a 14-year high in January to a four-month low on Monday, safe-haven gold had its best quarter in a year and oil fell roughly 7 percent, its worst quarter since the end of 2015.
The turnaround is encapsulated in the performance of U.S. financial stocks. They soared 30 percent in Q4, much of that following the U.S. election on Nov. 8 in the hope that new president Donald Trump would slash taxes and bank regulation.
The steepening yield curve - a widening gap between longer term and shorter term yields - helped boost them too. But the curve has since flattened on growing doubts about the Federal Reserve's ability to embark on a sustained path of rate hikes. U.S. financials are ending the quarter flat.
GRAPHICS:
Global Assets in 2017 reut.rs/2ne9sjH
World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
EM stocks in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hn5N02
EM currencies in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hniYya
What's more, asset correlations have started to break down, most notably in the dollar's inverse relationship with commodities. Normally, a rising dollar means lower commodity prices, and vice versa. But both have fallen in recent weeks.
Analysts are now wondering if the "Trumpflation" trade has come to a premature end. U.S. stocks are the most overvalued in 17 years, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch fund manager survey.
Or is this just a pause before the next leg higher?
"Perceived delays to U.S. tax reform and fiscal stimulus have led to underperformance of 'Trump' trades and have generated a short-term top in yields and equity prices," Citi strategists and economists said in a note to clients on Monday.
"We can see this extending .. (but) we doubt this is an end of cycle moment, since monetary policy remains supportive. Hence we would be inclined to buy a dip in risk assets and sell a further rally in fixed income if this transpires," they added.
Mirroring what appears to be the broad consensus, Citi remains overweight in equities and cash, underweight in government bonds and neutral in credit and commodities.
(Reporting by Jamie McGeever; Graphics by Vikram Subhedar and London markets team; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
ROME, April 3 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Syria's six-year conflict has caused at least $16 billion in damage to agriculture - about a third of the country's GDP - a U.N. agency said on Monday, calling for more funds to salvage local food production as millions go hungry. Fighting has led to extensive crop and livestock losses and destroyed greenhouses, veterinary clinics, irrigation systems, tractors and other assets, the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) said in a report - the first to provide a comprehensive assessment of the war's impact on agriculture.
Food production dropped to an all-time low last year, with many farmers forced to abandon their land.
Those remaining urgently need basic supplies like fertilizer, seeds and medicines for livestock in order to revamp production, but funds are scarce, the FAO said.
"Ramping up investment in the recovery of the agriculture sector could dramatically reduce the need for humanitarian aid," FAO Director-General Jose Graziano da Silva said in a statement.
"It could also have a significant impact on stemming the flow of migrants."
Rebuilding the agricultural sector would cost between $10.7 and $17.1 billion over the first three years, depending on how the conflict develops, the report said.
The analysis, based on surveys last September of more than 3,500 households across the country, found that Syria's rural population had more than halved since 2011.
Nine in 10 families now spend more than half their income on food, up from 25 percent before the war, due to soaring food prices and the decline in farming income, it said.
More than 7 million people in Syria are classified as "food insecure", meaning they are not always sure where their next meal is coming from, according to the FAO.
Since the conflict began in March 2011, almost half a million people are estimated to have been killed and more than 11 million, about half the population, are displaced either internally or as refugees. (Reporting by Umberto Bacchi @UmbertoBacchi, Editing by Emma Batha. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Las Vegas Strip headliner David Copperfield is due to return to the witness stand in a lawsuit by a British tourist who claims they were seriously hurt in a fall while taking part in one of Copperfield's signature illusions in 2013.
The magician resumes testimony Tuesday after last week revealing secrets behind a trick that appears to make volunteer audience members vanish onstage and appear a few moments later in the back of the theater.
Plaintiff Gavin Cox of Kent, England, alleges they fell after being hurried by stagehands through an MGM Grand hotel alleyway coated with a powdery residue near a trailer-sized trash bin.
Copperfield's lawyers lost pretrial bids to close proceedings to the public to avoid revealing performance secrets
Advertisement
Cox and their wife are seeking unspecified damages.
When it was announced that Scarlett Johansson had been cast as a trans male in their new movie, the Internet and LGBTQ+ activists were there ready to criticise - saying it's about time trans actors were cast in trans roles. And this certainly isn't the first time a straight, non-trans actor has portrayed someone LGBTQ+ in a huge film. In fact, many have even nabbed Oscar nominations and awards for their roles. So here are 23 straight and non-trans celebs who scooped awards for LGBTQ+ roles.
Harare City Council is the major polluter of the capital's main water sources and ironically spends huge sums of taxpayer money on treatment chemicals.
Council is distributing frothy, smelly and coloured water due to limited funds to purchase treatment chemicals.
Although the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe has released US$6 million for chemical purchase, there is a growing feeling among residents that Town House should be held accountable for polluting water.
The first consignment of the chemicals is expected in a fortnight.
Last week, Environmental Management Agency spokesperson Mr Steady Kangata told The Sunday Mail that apart from council, industries are dumping dangerous chemicals in water bodies.
“We have done several studies and have found out that Harare City Council, together with companies, are the major polluters of water bodies. Burst sewer pipes are left unattended for a long time in most suburbs and raw sewage ends up in water bodies.
“In addition, there are leaking sewer pipes near water, which are not being replaced; resulting in raw sewage flowing into water bodies. There are some industries that are also discharging chemicals in water bodies.”
Council's corporate communications manager, Mr Michael Chideme, said chemicals acquired through the RBZ will help normalise the situation.
“All our suppliers have been fully paid for and now we are awaiting deliveries. Some of the chemicals were imported from as far as China and it takes up to 45 days for the consignments to arrive here.
“We only learnt recently about other places which do not have clear and clean water such as Kuwadzana and Warren Park, but we are going to fix that problem.”
Urban planning expert Mr Percy Toriro said, “The problem of water pollution in the city of Harare is a geographical and behavioural problem. Geographically, Harare sits on its catchment, meaning that the source of its water supply rivers is where the city is located.
“The implication of this situation is that the quality of raw water is affected by the behaviour of residents; any sewerage bursts, industrial pollution or whatever is deposited in the city drains end up in water supply dams.
“The easiest and cheapest solution is to raise awareness and monitor pollution in Harare.
‘‘There are a few biological methods being used in similar situations elsewhere, but what is easily within our control is preventing pollution so that the quality of Harare raw water is not bad.”
In 2015, the city audit committee highlighted that Harare City Council was failing to implement proper industrial chemical waste management.
Harare recycles treated waste water back into its supply dam, Lake Chivero, with the local authority using nine chemicals to treat the water at a cost of US$3 million every month.
In December last year, Harare Mayor Bernard Manyenyeni said Harare water was “chemically safe to drink. Sunday Mail
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds company statement, deal value)
CAIRO, April 23 Egypt's largest listed real estate developer Talaat Mostafa has bought a 500-feddan (acre) plot in Egypt's new administrative capital for 4.4 billion Egyptian pounds ($243.77 million), the company said on Sunday.
Egypt's plan to build a new city 45 km (28 miles) east of Cairo was announced in March 2015 at a Sharm al-Sheikh summit held to attract foreign investors who had pulled back from the country after the 2011 revolt against the government.
The new capital project appeared to have stalled after the primary developer, a United Arab Emirates company, pulled out and a contract to develop government facilities by a Chinese state developer also fell through.
"Talaat Mostafa..has contracted for the purchase of a land plot in the new administrative capital with a total area of 500 feddans (acres), in order to develop and execute an integrated urban project in the style of its other projects over a period of seven years," a company statement on the Cairo bourse said.
About 15 Egyptian companies, including Talaat Mostafa, submitted bids in March to develop land for the capital's first phase of construction, but no official announcement has yet been made for the winning bids.
Sources at the housing ministry told Reuters that Talaat Mostafa had received the land about two weeks ago after it reached an agreement with the administrative capital company. ($1 = 18.0500 Egyptian pounds) (Reporting by Ehab Farouk and Eric Knecht; editing by Susan Thomas)
An aerial view of shipping containers stacked at the port of Singapore February 14, 2012. REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
SINGAPORE Singapore's exports in March are expected to extend a surge seen in the previous month, a Reuters poll found on Thursday, supported by a broad recovery in global trade.
Non-oil domestic exports were seen rising 10.4 percent year-on-year last month, a median forecast of 10 economists showed.
Singapore has been among a number of export-reliant regional economies to benefit from a general uptick in global demand in recent months, with the city state particularly enjoying strong sales of its tech products.
"We see this trade recovery in the region as well as globally continuing, particularly for the electronics segment. We are seeing a global turnaround in the global IT cycle, and that would continue to lend support exports of electronics, particularly semiconductors", said ANZ economist Weiwen Ng.
The positive impulse saw exports growth in February hit their strongest in 5 years, with a sharp jump in shipments to China.
Still, some analysts are more circumspect about the outlook and point to a low base from a year ago for the sizable jump in recent shipments.
Indeed, on a month-on-month and seasonally adjusted basis, however, non-oil domestic exports were seen down 6.4 percent, the poll found.
"The numbers we saw end of last year and beginning of this year are exaggerated," said Mizuho Bank senior economist Vishnu Varathan.
"From here on it is going to struggle to stay in the double digit region. It is going to converge to a mid single digit growth," Varathan added.
Earlier on Thursday, Singapore's central bank held its policy steady and warned of risks to the global outlook despite acknowledging a recent improvement in exports and broad economic growth momentum.
(Reporting by Fathin Ungku; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
DUESSELDORF, Germany, April 12 The interior minister of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia described as "unusual" a letter claiming responsibility for Tuesday's attack on a bus carrying players from soccer club Borussia Dortmund.
Ralf Jaeger told reporters that police in North Rhine-Westphalia had again taken additional security measures in Dortmund, where Borussia and AS Monaco will face off for their postponed Champions League clash on Wednesday evening. (Reporting by Anneli Palmen; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Joseph Nasr)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
What initially looked like an impish dig at US President Donald Trump by French President Emmanuel Macron over climate policy has turned into a concrete plan.
Firstly, when the Trump Administration proposed slashing federal science budgets and then, on June 1, when Trump pulled the US out of the Paris climate accord, Macron took to social media to offer (in perfect English) to greet with open arms - and research dollars - American scientists worried about the political climate as well as global warming.
Macron urged worried climate scientists, engineers and entrepreneurs to see France as a "second homeland" and to work there because "we all share the same responsibility: make our planet great again".
Now, two years after the Paris climate accord was adopted, the French Government is unveiling a list of 18 "laureates" - 13 of them working in the US - who have won a "Make Our Planet Great Again" competition for research grants awarded for as long as five years. They include professors and researchers at Cornell University, Columbia University, Stanford University and other institutions.
Advertisement
"For me, the chance to work on some very exciting science questions with my French colleagues and not be so dependent on the crazy stuff that goes on in Congress and with the current Administration is honestly very attractive," Louis Derry, a leading professor of Earth and atmospheric sciences at Cornell, said. "But it can be embarrassing to try and explain what is going on at home right now."
Derry lamented a "devaluing of science by this Administration." And they said the tax plan Congress is considering would have a "catastrophic" effect on graduate students. "I don't think the country is well served by this," they said.
The French Government's offer attracted 1822 applications, nearly two-thirds of them from the US. France's research ministry pruned that to 450 "high-quality" candidates for long-term projects. A second round of grants will be awarded in partnership with Germany.
Corinne Le Quéré, a professor of climate change science and policy and director of the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research at Britain's University of East Anglia, helped the French Government chooses this round of grant winners.
Natural disasters increasingly linked to climate change, new report warns https://t.co/NwusbZraFd — The Independent (@Independent) December 11, 2017
About half of the applicants had been working for more than 12 years after earning their PhDs, Le Quéré said. The average age was 45, they said, and "most are in the middle of productive careers".
"I jumped at the promise of a five-year contract!" said Alessandra Giannini, a veteran professor at Columbia University's Earth Institute who studies the effects of warming oceans on Africa's Sahel.
They saw Macron's video and, weary of short-term grants and worried about growing budget pressures in the US, applied. "I am a mid-career scientist almost entirely supported by federal research grants. My contract with the university is renewed yearly contingent on funding," they wrote in an email.
Macron's announcement came at "Station F," in some ways a symbol of their vision for France. A converted rail station in a largely forgotten corner of Paris, it bills itself as the world's largest start-up facility, a place where those with big ideas can roll up their sleeves and get to work. Although the project was launched before Macron came to power, it has become an early embodiment of their pro-capitalistic presidency.
"France has even risen to the top rank in Europe in terms of fundraising by start-ups - something we would not have imagined a few years ago," said Roxanne Varza, director of Station F. "The current Government is also very attentive and wishes to support us more than ever. We even see entrepreneurs leaving Silicon Valley to come or return to create their start-up in France."
A volunteer network monitoring the EPA website said it found terms like “greenhouse gasses,” “carbon” and “climate change” had been reduced and replaced with terms like “sustainability,” “emissions” and “air pollution.” https://t.co/HFrfrfZpVL — FRONTLINE (@frontlinepbs) December 11, 2017
Many of the climate scientists moving from the US have spent time in France or are from Europe originally. Crucially, many already have some degree of facility with the French language. Some will split their time to keep their academic chairs in the US.
Derry, a former mineral and petroleum exploration geologist, has been at Cornell since 1994 and will split their time between there and the Paris Institute of Earth Physics, part of the French National Centre for Scientific Research. They studied in France in the early 1990s and has returned for six-month stints before.
They have studied the emission and absorption of carbon dioxide in the Himalayas and other areas where the Earth's tectonic plates have collided to create mountain ranges.
 They are engaged in "critical zone" research, which integrates studies of a variety of biological, chemical and geological changes from Earth's surface through the top of the tree canopy. They plan to focus their efforts on how water moves through a watershed; similar research is going on in France.
Derry is the director of the National Science Foundation office for nine critical zone observatories. But it is unclear how they will be funded beyond mid-2018. "That's a big concern for all of us, as the infrastructure, both hardware and human, can't just be shut down and turned on again," they said. People working on the projects "are quite naturally looking elsewhere for work."
Nat Geo photographer Cristina Mittermeier shares what it was like to witness this heartbreaking moment.https://t.co/cx0k0NauqT — Nat Geo Photography (@NatGeoPhotos) December 11, 2017
Camille Parmesan, a biologist who teaches at Britain's Plymouth University and the University of Texas, Austin, also won a grant and will move their research to an ecology centre in Moulis, France.
 They are exploring the effects of climate change on wild plants and animals. This has included detailed fieldwork on individual butterfly species and communities as well as analyses of global effects on a range of plants and animals. They have also co-authored assessments of climate change's effects on agricultural insect pests and diseases on human health.
"Plants and animals have been moving towards the poles and up mountains - and flowering or breeding earlier in springtime - as they attempt to track a shifting climate," they said in an email. "This research has provided independent biological support of the warming trends shown in climate data, and has helped shape the international determination of 2°C as a threshold for 'dangerous' climate change."
In Moulis, Parmesan plans to study "how these movements of animals out of the tropics and into Europe may be bringing tropical diseases into countries, and medical systems, that have not had them historically."
Another winner in the French grant contest was Núria Teixidó Ullod, a visiting scientist at Hopkins Marine Station of Stanford University and a scientist at Stazione Zoologica Anton Dohrn in Naples. Their research is sponsored by the European Research Programme.
Sulfur seeding and cloud whitening are just two of the geoengineering options floating around in the science community to help reverse the effects of climate change https://t.co/CrVXZBecAs — WIRED (@WIRED) December 11, 2017
"The research project that I will perform in France seeks to investigate how climate and acidification affects marine biodiversity as well as the potential of species to adapt to these changes in their environment," they wrote in an email.
"This project will also help to investigate natural climate solutions for mitigation strategies," they said. "This project is unique because I will work in natural marine systems that represent a glimpse of what oceans may look like in the near future."
Giannini's research has conclusively demonstrated that the persistent drought that afflicted the Sahel in the 1970s and 1980s could be tied to rising sea surface temperatures worldwide. That meant there was no need to blame local population pressures on the environment to explain drought.
Recently they have examined what portion of surface temperature changes can be ascribed to fossil fuel burning. "In the case of the Sahel, it's looking more and more like the combination of greenhouse gases and aerosols specific to the second half of the 20th century played an important role in drought," they wrote.
Giannini plans to do an additional 15 to 20 years of research - "I love my job!" they wrote. But they said that over the past 15 to 20 years, it had already become harder to obtain federal funding, "meaning many more proposals to submit and resubmit, which ultimately fragments work into bits too small to be able to find some cohesion, and time to think about the big picture questions."
Global Temperature Change 1850 2016 - Credits: Ed Hawkins, a British climate scientist from the University of Reading pic.twitter.com/kJr4eejEYI — Science (@scienmag) December 11, 2017
Now, with budget pressures and the prioritising of defence spending over discretionary spending, and "the savage tax cuts for the rich that are making the rounds of Congress," they said it wasn't hard to see "blood and tears coming our way".
"What stands out in the motivations is that many mentioned that it is currently very difficult to conduct innovative scientific research in the US with the planned government cuts and general political climate, especially the politicisation of climate research," Le Quéré said of the people who applied for grants. They said France could provide "a much more fertile environment to conduct innovative research, and consequently take international scientific leadership".
Christine McEntee, executive director of the American Geophysical Union, said, "While we need scientists from around the globe and in different locations working collaboratively to solve the most critical challenges facing our world - including climate change - the news of some US scientists choosing to move to France to conduct their research is troubling."
"We need all countries, including the US, to fund strong federal climate research programs, protect the rights of scientists to freely express their findings, and support urgent action on climate change," McEntee said.
Giannini said they plan to use the French grant to analyse different models of ocean temperatures that might explain past Sahel droughts and the potential for a wetter climate in the future.
Asked whether they hoped to slow climate change, they said "Well, we are there already."
Giannini said, however, that "we should do all we can to curb the warming. Otherwise I am convinced that the ice caps will melt, and there will be no going back".
Pune: If you ever remind a cigarette smoker of its impending risks of lung cancer, often you are scoffed at with “there are so many non-smokers, who get lung cancer…I might as well smoke”. Well! they aren't completely wrong.A non-smoker may also get lung cancer due to second hand smoke, pollution and carcinogens (eg. asbestos) at the work place. So, is the smoker really correct when they ridicule your advice? Not really. One, that people who smoke cigarettes are 15 to 30 times more likely to get lung cancer or die from lung cancer than people who do not smoke. Second, lung cancer of a smoker and that of a non-smoker are not exactly similar.
Let's see how lung cancer originates and how they are treated. Cancer causing agent such as cigarette smoke enter the lungs and come in contact with the cells that form the inner lining of the lungs. Effectively, they make change(s) in the DNA of these cells called “mutations”. Some of these DNA changes or mutation(s), make a cell go berserk and make them divide uncontrollably leading to tumor formation. Some of the initial sign and symptoms of lung cancer are: cough that doesn't go away, coughing blood, chest pain, loss of weight/ appetite, shortness of breath etc. When patient goes to a cancer doctor, s/he performs certain tests- 1. Sputum cytology: looking for cancer cells in sputum 2. Chest X-ray and CT scan: taking images to detect the tumor. 3. Biopsy and histopathological exam: to classify the cancer into subtypes. Earlier, all these examinations used to help the cancer doctor choose a chemotherapy treatment. From 2009 onwards, newer drugs called targeted therapies proved themselves to be better than chemotherapy in terms of increased overall survival and reduced side effects, in lung cancer patients. These were pills one could pop orally and one does not have to go to doctor's clinic for chemotherapy administration.Various targeted therapies for lung cancer are currently approved by US FDA: Erlotinib (Tarceva), Afatinib (Gilotrif), Gefitinib (Iressa), Osimertinib (Tagrisso), Necitumumab (Portrazza), Crizotinib (Xalkori), Ceritinib (Zykadia), Alectinib (Alecensa), Brigatinib (Alunbrig), Dabrafenib (Tafinlar), Trametinib (Mekinist), Bevacizumab (Avastin), Ramucirumab (Cyramza). Newer and more effective targeted therapies are made every year. However, each targeted therapy acts against a specific mutation(s). For eg.Gefitinib (Iressa), acts against mutation(s)in a gene called EGFR and Crizotinib (Xalkori) acts against mutation(s) in ALK gene, hence a patient with ALK mutation cannot be treated by Gefitinib and vice versa. Thus currently a cancer doctor invariably gets lung tumor assessed in a genomics laboratory. Genomic lab analyses the tumor DNA and detects the precise gene mutation which is driving the cancer. Subsequent to the test, cancer doctor may prescribe a targeted therapy.
Interestingly smoker's and non-smoker's tumor DNA look very different.
Even for an untrained eye, it would be quite evident that mutation picture associated with a smoker and that with a non-smoker looks very different. That is the case indeed. Frequently, the mutations that drive these two separate type are tumor are different and hence their treatment also differs. Smokers are usually associated with a subtype of lung cancer called squamous cell carcinoma while non-smokers are typically associated with adenocarcinoma. Non-smokers (adenocarcinoma) are frequently detected with mutations in EGFR and ALK genes that can be treated by multiple targeted therapies. On the other hand lung cancer of smokers (squamous cell carcinoma) are frequently driven by gene mutations that aren't EGFR or ALK, but by PIK3CA, FGFR1 etc and there are no FDA approved targeted therapies to treat mutations in these genes in lung cancer patients. Even if a smoker is detected with adenocarcinoma, frequently the driving mutation comes out to be in KRAS gene which again can't be treated by any existing targeted therapy. In fact patients with KRAS mutations appear to have a shorter survival than patients with normal KRAS. Also, a tumor with KRAS mutation, usually does not have a simultaneous mutation in targetable EGFR, ALK, ROS1 and BRAF genes. Thus a smoker will more often than not have a tumor that can't be treated by a targeted therapy, hence may end up getting treated by platinum based chemotherapy such as Cisplatin.
Thus, here we see that smoking not only increases the risk of getting lung cancer by 15 to 30 times, but it may frequently lead to a tumor thatmay can't be yet treated by new generation of targeted therapies.
At Neuberg Center of Genomic Medicine, Ahmedabad, we perform state of the art test called OncoCEPT solid (CEPT: Comprehensive Evaluation for Personalized Treatment). This single test analyses all possible targetable mutation in any lung tumor and helps cancer doctor choose the best course of treatment. OncoCEPT solid is based on state of the art Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) platform.
Dr. Siddharth Srivastava
Chief Scientist (Molecular Oncology)
Neuberg Center of Genomic Medicine, Ahmedabad
Email: Siddharth.vastav@supratechlabs.com
References:
1. NCCN clinical practice guidelines in oncology, Non small cell lung cancer, version 3.2018.
2. Govindan R, Ding L, Griffith M, et al. Genomic landscape of non-small cell lung cancer in smokers and never smokers. Cell. 2012;150(6):1121-1134. doi:10.1016/j.cell.2012.08.024.
3. Davis A. A., et al. Association of tumor mutational burden with smoking and mutation status in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).J ClinOncol 35, 2017 (suppl 7S; abstract 24).
4. Herbst RS. Et al, The biology and management of non-small cell lung cancer.Nature. 2018 Jan 24;553(7689):446-454. doi: 10.1038/nature25183.
5. Reck M et al, Precision Diagnosis and Treatment for Advanced Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.N Engl J Med. 2017 Aug 31;377(9):849-861. doi: 10.1056/NEJMra1703413
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Frontline Vulnerability Manager has been validated to integrate with IBM Security products to help better protect customers around the world.
Contact
MRB Public Relations
***@mrb-pr.com MRB Public Relations
End
-- Digital Defense, Inc., a leading provider of Vulnerability Management as a Service (VMaaS™) (https://www.digitaldefense.com/vulnerability-management-as-a-service/), today announced it has received IBM PartnerWorld's(http://www-304.ibm.com/partnerworld/gsd/solutiondetails.do?&solution=51049&lc=en&stateCd=P) designation for its Frontline™ Vulnerability Manager. As a result, Digital Defense's Frontline Vulnerability Manager has been validated to integrate with IBM Security (http://www-03.ibm.com/security/)products to help better protect customers around the world."We're very excited to combine IBM's industry leading portfolio technologies with our own next-gen security platform", said Mike Cotton, vice president of research and development at Digital Defense. "By integrating our vulnerability assessment intelligence feeds into the QRadar platform, clients can gain a much clearer view of their true security posture, prior to an incident occurring."IBM QRadar users can activate the Digital Defense vulnerability feeds into the QRadar platform to gain improved visibility into security events by correlating vulnerability and threat data and gaining greater visibility into the risk posture of hosts, to make better, more informed decisions and take appropriate security actions.The Ready for IBM Security Intelligence alliance is designed to promote technology collaboration and integration to expand and enhance security coverage, collapse silos of information, and increase situational awareness and insights. With the PartnerWorld program and Ready for Security Intelligence validation, IBM supports collaboration with its Business Partners to enable the integration of product capabilities and improved security capabilities for mutual customers.Founded in 1999, Digital Defense, Inc. (DDI) is a trusted provider of managed security risk assessment solutions, protecting billions of dollars in assets for clients around the globe, including legal, energy and retail and more as well as those in highly-regulated industries such as healthcare and financial. DDI's unique Vulnerability Management as a Service (VMaaS) model delivers consistently-accurate vulnerability scanning and penetration testing, while its security awareness training promotes employees' security-minded behavior. DDI security solutions are highly-regarded by industry experts, as illustrated by the company's designation as Best Scan Engine by Frost & Sullivan ( https://www.digitaldefense.com/ frost-sullivan- vm-report/ ), top 20 ranking (#16) in Cybersecurity Ventures' list of the http://cybersecurityventures.com/ cybersecurity- 500/#home/... ), as well as inclusion in CSO Outlook's(http://www.csooutlook.com/magazines/CSOOutlook_July2015/) and CIO Review's(http://magazine.cioreview.com/June-2015/Cybersecurity/). Contact DDI at 888-273-1412 or digitaldefense.com;and connect with us on our website, blog, LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/27671)and Twitter (https://twitter.com/Digital_Defense)Press Contact:Michael Becce,MRB Public Relationsmbecce@mrb-pr.com,732-758-1100
April 28 Mara Delta Property Holdings Ltd :
* Seeking to raise a total of $138.45 million through issue of approximately 98,892,723 new shares at $1.40 per share
* Shareholders are advised to continue to exercise caution when dealing in company's shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
May 2 Qiagen NV
* Qiagen nv - reaffirms full-year 2017 outlook for 6-7% cer sales growth and adjusted eps target before restructuring costs of $1.25-1.27 cer
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $1.23, revenue view $1.41 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qiagen NV qtrly earnings per share $0.08
* Qiagen reports results for first quarter 2017
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.22
* Q1 revenue $307.7 million versus i/b/e/s view $306.9 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.21 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qiagen NV - for the second quarter of 2017, adjusted net sales are expected to rise approximately 5-6% cer
* Qiagen NV - for the second quarter of 2017, adjusted diluted eps are expected to be approximately $0.28-0.29 cer on an underlying basis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A model demonstrates Toyota Motor Corp's rehabilitation robot Welwalk WW-1000, designed to aid in the rehabilitation of individuals with lower limb paralysis, in Tokyo, Japan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
A model demonstrates Toyota Motor Corp's rehabilitation robot Welwalk WW-1000, designed to aid in the rehabilitation of individuals with lower limb paralysis, in Tokyo, Japan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
A model demonstrates Toyota Motor Corp's rehabilitation robot Welwalk WW-1000, designed to aid in the rehabilitation of individuals with lower limb paralysis, as engineers bow in Tokyo, Japan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
A model demonstrates Toyota Motor Corp's rehabilitation robot Welwalk WW-1000, designed to aid in the rehabilitation of individuals with lower limb paralysis, in Tokyo, Japan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Japanese automakers are looking beyond the industry trend to develop self-driving cars and turning their attention to robots to help keep the country's rapidly graying society on the move.
Toyota Motor Corp said it saw the possibility of becoming a mass producer of robots to help the elderly in a country whose population is ageing faster than the rest of the world as the birthrate decreases.
The country's changing demographics place its automakers in a unique situation. Along with the issues usually associated with falling populations such as labor shortages and pension squeezes, Japan also faces dwindling domestic demand for cars.
Toyota, the world's second largest automaker, made its first foray into commercializing rehabilitation robots on Wednesday, launching a rental service for its walk assist system, which helps patients to learn how to walk again after suffering strokes and other conditions.
Toyota's system follows the release by Honda Motor Co of its own walking assist "robotic legs" in 2015, which was based on technology developed for its ASIMO dancing robot.
"If there's a way that we can enable more elderly people to stay mobile after they can no longer drive, we have to look beyond just cars and evolve into a maker of robots," Toshiyuki Isobe, chief officer of Toyota's Frontier Research Center, told Reuters in an interview on Wednesday.
Speaking to reporters, they added that mass producing robots would be a natural step for the company which evolved from a loom maker in 1905 into an automaker whose mission is to "make practical products which serve a purpose".
"Be it robots or cars, if there's a need for mass produced robots, we should do it with gusto," Isobe said.
GROWING OLD
Japan is graying faster than the rest of the world, with the number of people aged 65 or older accounting for 26.7 percent of the population in 2015, dwarfing the global average of about 8.5 percent.
As a result, demand for care services for elderly people has boomed and a shrinking working population means that fewer able-bodied adults are available to look after them.
Globally, sales of robots for elderly and handicap assistance will total about 37,500 units in 2016-2019, and are expected to increase substantially within the next 20 years, according to the International Federation of Robotics.
At the same time, car sales in Japan have fallen 8.5 percent between 2013-2016, as older drivers stop buying cars while car ownership becomes less of a priority among younger drivers.
Like most major automakers, Toyota is still competing fiercely to develop self-driving cars, committing $1 billion to a robotics and A.I. research center.
Isobe conceded that it took Toyota longer to develop robots than cars, as it stretched the company further beyond its comfort zone. As a result, Toyota's new walking assist system took more than 10 year to bring to market.
"The biggest challenges have been in determining the needs of the robot market, which is relatively new, and to ensure that our products are safe," Isobe said.
Still, industry experts said that automakers were well placed to compete with medical technology companies including Switzerland's Hocoma and robot manufacturers such as ReWalk Robotics of the United States, both of which have developed robotic walking assist systems.
"Cars operate using engines and other components which enable mobility and control," said Nagayoshi Nakano, research vice president at Gartner Research's IoT Center of Excellence.
"On top of that, many of them have been partnering with the likes of Google and other companies looking at applying artificial intelligence, which will put them in a strong position to compete in robot services for the elderly."
(Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu and Maki Shiraki; Editing by Keith Weir)
Federation of International Football Association (FIFA), the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) and the Confederation of African Football (CAF) took to their different Twitter handles to send birthday wishes to former Nigeria international Austin Okocha who turned 44 yesterday.
Happiest birthday wishes to Nigerian Legand Jay Jay Okocha, plays so good they named them twice #African_Players pic.twitter.com/5rrYluAFho — CAF (@CAF_Online) August 14, 2017
Also, the Union of European Football Association (UEFA) also sent a congratulatory message.
The NFF in their message thanked Okocha for all the exciting moments while playing for the Super Eagles.
“Happy birthday to the football magician, our legend and former Super Eagles captain, Okocha. Thanks for the memories,” the NFF wrote on their handle.
The world football governing body celebrated Okocha alongside former internationals Jared Borghetti (Mexico), Stig Tofting (Denmark) and Freddy Rincon (Colombia).
FIFA wrote: “Happy Birthday to @borgetti58 (44), @IAmOkocha (44), Stig Tofting (48) & Freddy Rincon (51).”
CAF wrote: “Happiest birthday wishes to Nigerian Legend Jay Jay Okocha, plays so good they named them twice.”
And on their part, the verified German version of UEFA.com's Twitter wrote: “Happy Birthday, Jay-Jay Okocha.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON The FBI secured a court order in 2016 to secretly surveil the communications of Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump's presidential campaign, as the agency investigates possible ties between the campaign and Russia, the Washington Post reported on Tuesday.
Citing law enforcement and other U.S. officials the Post reported that the warrant for Page was obtained last summer by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Justice Department from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
The judge was convinced there was probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of Russia, the Post said.
Page has denied in media interviews that they worked with the Russians to influence the election.
In a statement to Reuters on Tuesday, Page said the court order was evidence that the administration of former President Barack Obama wanted to "suppress dissidents" who opposed its foreign policy.
"It will be interesting to see what comes out when the unjustified basis for those FISA requests are more fully disclosed over time ...," they said.
The Justice Department did not immediately respond to requests for comment from Reuters, which could not independently confirm the Post story. The White House and FBI declined to comment.
The FBI and congressional committees are investigating whether Russia tried to influence the election in Trump's favor, mostly by hacking Democratic operatives' emails and releasing embarrassing information, or possibly by colluding with Trump associates.
Russia denies the allegations, which Trump also dismisses.
(Writing by Eric Beech; Additional reporting by Nathan Layne; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
April 10 Cedar Fair Lp:
* Cedar Fair announces pricing of $500 million senior unsecured notes
* Cedar Fair Lp - has priced its previously announced private offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375 pct senior unsecured notes due 2027
* Cedar Fair Lp - notes were priced at 100 pct of aggregate principal amount Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Geo Group Inc:
* The Geo Group reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted FFO per share $0.65
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue $581 million to $586 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue about $2.28 billion
* Q1 revenue $550.6 million versus I/B/E/S view $550.8 million
* Sees fy 2017 adjusted FFO per share $1.93 to $2.00
* Geo Group Inc qtrly normalized ffo of $0.51 per diluted share
* Geo Group Inc - updated split-adjusted FY17 guidance for gaap net income attributable to geo of $1.27-$1.34 per diluted share
* Geo Group Inc - updated split-adjusted FY17 guidance for adjusted net income of $1.34-$1.41 per diluted share
* Geo Group Inc - confirmed split-adjusted FY17 guidance for normalized ffo of $1.93-$2.00 per diluted share and affo of $2.47-$2.53 per diluted share
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.33, revenue view $550.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 FFO per share view $2.04 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Geo Group Inc - for Q2 2017, Geo expects normalized FFO in a range of $0.46 to $0.48 per diluted share
* Geo Group Inc - for q2 2017, GEO expects AFFO in a range of $0.59 to $0.61 per diluted share
* Q2 FFO per share view $0.48 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 The following financial services industry appointments were announced on Wednesday. To inform us of other job changes, email moves@thomsonreuters.com.
BNP PARIBAS SA
The bank named chief executives for its wealth management businesses in Asia Pacific, Switzerland and emerging markets as well as Luxembourg & international Europe markets.
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO
Michele Colocci is to rejoin the investment bank from rival Morgan Stanley to co-lead Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) industry coverage with Harry Hampson.
RPMI RAILPEN
The British investment manager for the Railways Pension Scheme appointed Steve Mitchell as a compliance and risk director within its investment business. (Compiled by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru)
MOSCOW Fifty people have been injured by the blasts in St Petersburg's metro system on Monday, Andrey Kibitov, the head of the city governor's press service said on Twitter.
Seventeen ambulances are currently treating the injured, Kibitov said.
All the city's metro stations have been closed, Interfax earlier reported. Ten people have been killed in the incident, a source in Russian emergency services earlier told Reuters.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning; writing by Sujata Rao)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
Tool and equipment rental firm HSS Hire (HSS.L) said on Thursday that Chief Executive John Gill will step down once a successor is appointed.
The search for a new CEO is underway, the company said.
John Gill held the post since September 2015.
"...board believes it is the right time to look outside the business for a new CEO who can lead this next phase of our recovery," Chairman Alan Peterson said in a statement.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
March 30 Razor Energy Corp
* Razor Energy Corp. provides an operations update, announces 2017 capital budget and guidance, and 2016 year-end results
* For fiscal 2017, board has approved a capital expenditure budget of $13.0 million
* Sees 2017 funds flow from operations $8.4 million
* Sees 2017 oil equivalent average daily production of 3,250 boepd
* Razor Energy - intends to continue to pursue value-driven acquisitions, including consolidation of land positions within co's existing project areas
* Razor Energy - expects acquisitions to include targeting potential opportunities in complementary shallow, light oil, horizons within Alberta core region Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Two senators on Wednesday introduced a bill aimed at boosting pay rates for enlisted personnel by requiring presidents to go by the Employment Cost Index in recommending raises.
The bill proposed by Sens. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, and Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., both members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, would also correct what they called "discrepancies" resulting in different pay rates for senior enlisted personnel of the same rank and equal responsibilities.
"Except for seven senior enlisted positions, enlisted personnel do not receive a pay increase as their responsibility levels grow, creating great discrepancies," the two senators said in a joint statement.
"For example, the senior enlisted adviser to the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs Of Staff [Gen. Joseph Dunford] gets paid more than the senior enlisted adviser to the commander of Pacific Command [Adm. Harry Harris], even though they both are of the same rank with equivalent levels of responsibility," the two senators said.
Related content:
In addition, the senators said that presidents of both parties for years have skirted the mandate that pay raises for enlisted personnel should match the Employment Cost Index -- "unless the president cites economic concerns or a national emergency."
"Unfortunately, previous presidents have cited economic concerns to deny troops their pay raise while simultaneously claiming a growing economy publicly," the two senators said.
They said that the current 2.1 percent proposed pay raise for service members in President Donald Trump's fiscal 2018 budget "does not match the Employment Cost Index," which would call for a 2.4 percent increase.
The senators said that their bill, called The Leadership Recognition Act, "addresses these discrepancies by ensuring fair compensation among senior enlisted advisers and removes the president's ability to block pay raises by citing economic concerns."
The language of the bill on senior enlisted personnel, if enacted, states that "the rate of monthly basic pay for senior enlisted adviser to the commanders of the combatant commands shall be equivalent to the rate of monthly basic pay for the senior enlisted adviser to the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff."
Ernst and Warren said their proposal has received support from the American Legion, the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States, and the Military Officers Association of America.
"Senior enlisted service members carry a great responsibility leading our men and women on and off the battlefield, and we must ensure they receive appropriate compensation as we seek to retain them and strengthen our military," Ernst said in a statement.
Warren said that enlisted personnel "know they won't get rich in the military, but they serve with skill and dedication, and they are entitled to basic pay increases that will give them a chance to build some economic security."
-- Richard Sisk can be reached at Richard.Sisk@Military.com.
* Wells Fargo profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh
* S&P tech sector looks to snap nine-day losing streak
* Indexes down: Dow 0.33 pct, S&P 0.29 pct, Nasdaq 0.13 pct (Updates to late afternoon)
By Lewis Krauskopf
April 13 Wall Street fell on Thursday and looked set to book losses for a third straight day as investors weighed earnings from big U.S. banks and geopolitical tensions.
Wells Fargo shares fell 2.4 percent, pulling down the S&P 500, after the bank reported a drop in mortgage banking revenue. Berkshire Hathaway also disclosed late on Wednesday that it had cut its stake in the bank.
JPMorgan and Citigroup also slipped about 0.5 percent each, despite reporting better-than-expected quarterly profits.
Investors have sought safe-haven assets throughout the week due to geopolitical tensions in Syria and North Korea. News of a massive bomb being dropped by the United States in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday added to uncertainty.
Kate Warne, principal investment strategist at Edward Jones in St. Louis, said a dip in bond yields put pressure on stocks ahead of a holiday weekend in the United States.
"What we've seen is investors from the rest of the world putting more money in U.S. Treasuries" due to geopolitical concerns, Warne said.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 67.02 points, or 0.33 percent, to 20,524.84, the S&P 500 lost 6.78 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,338.15 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 7.46 points, or 0.13 percent, to 5,828.70.
Bank stocks had helped drive the overall market higher after U.S. President Donald Trump's Nov. 8 election victory, but the rally has stalled as U.S. bond yields have declined and investors question Trump's ability to enact their agenda including tax cuts and economic stimulus.
The S&P 500 financial index slipped 0.7 percent, setting it up for a fifth straight day of losses.
Energy shares were the worst-performing group, falling 1.3 percent.
The technology sector was little changed after nine straight sessions of losses.
Reports from banks kicked off what is expected to be a strong first-quarter U.S. reporting season. S&P 500 companies are expected to post a 10.4 percent rise in earnings for the period, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"We could have double-digit earnings growth; we haven't seen that in some time," said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York. "Investors are going to be impressed with that."
A report from the University of Michigan showed that U.S. consumer sentiment unexpectedly strengthened in April as consumer optimism on current economic conditions climbed to its highest level since November 2000.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 2.01-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.77-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 7 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 25 new highs and 48 new lows. (Additional reporting by Sinead Carew in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Meredith Mazzilli)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
MOSCOW, April 3 Russian online news outlet Fontanka has published the photo of a person whom it said police were seeking over Monday's deadly blast on board a St Petersburg metro train.
The grainy photo shows a middle-aged man with a beard and wearing a black hat.
Fontanka said the man had entered "Petrogradskaya" station 20 minutes before the blast happened on board a train, killing at least nine people.
Interfax news agency earlier quoted a source as saying that surveillance cameras had captured photos of the blast suspect.
(Reporting by Christian Lowe; Writing by Sujata Rao; Editing by Alexander Winning)
BERLIN, April 28 German aircraft engine maker MTU Aero Engines reported a better than expected 19.6 percent rise in first quarter profit, driven by its business maintaining commercial jet engines. The company, whose customers include planemakers Boeing , Airbus and Bombardier, reported adjusted earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) of 157 million euros ($170.6 million), against average analyst expectations for 140 million euros.
Its commercial maintenance business saw revenues rise 37 percent thanks to demand for services for the V2500 engines that power A320 jets, helping to lift the EBIT margin to 12.4 percent from 12 percent a year ago.
It confirmed it expects revenues of 5.1 to 5.2 billion for 2017 and an operating margin stable at around last year's level of 10.6 percent. French rival Safran earlier this week reported higher then expected first quarter sales, also helped by aerospace services.
($1 = 0.9204 euros) (Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
March 30 ALLGON AB (PUBL)
* ALLGONGRUPPEN ACQUIRES SATMISSION AB
* TRANSACTION TAKES PLACE BY ALLGON BUYING SHARES IN SATMISSION FROM ITS CURRENT OWNER FOR SEK 22.5 MILLION
* PURCHASE PRICE WILL BE PAID PARTLY IN CASH, SEK 5 MILLION AND PARTLY BY ISSUING SHARES IN ALLGON AMOUNTING TO A VALUE OF SEK 17.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Source: The Whig
Jinder Mahal spoke to The Whig on a number of wrestling topics. Here are some of the highlights:
"Looking back at it, it was probably the best thing that ever happened to me because I got to go away and reinvent myself and rediscover myself, get my confidence back, get my focus back most importantly. You need those lows to enjoy the highs and the wrestling business is like that. Sometimes you're up, sometimes you're down, but you've just got to stay persistent and better days always come."
Paying dues in pro wrestling:
"Wrestling, you just have to pay your dues. It doesn't matter if you're in Canada or you're in New York, paying dues is very, very important because it gives you respect for the business. You see that it's not really an easy business. Right now in my career in WWE, our schedule is so grueling, wrestling night after night, plus traveling. ...[Paying my dues] prepared me for that and in a way, paying your dues does give you respect for the business because that's important. I think some people come into this business from other avenues of life and think that it's going to be easy. 'Oh, I'll just become rich and famous and it'll be a cake walk.' It's far from it."
The 3MB gimmick with Heath Slater and Drew McIntyre:
"At first, especially me, I was not really resisting it, but I was kind of hesitant, I didn't quite understand why I was put in this role and I hadn't quite embraced it. As soon as I started embracing and all of us started embracing it and just giving it our all, good things started to happen. When we hesitated, we didn't quite fully get over with fans, but as soon as we embraced it one-hundred percent."
Jinder Mahal also discussed their idol growing up. You can read the full interview by clicking here.
Follow Joshua Gagnon on Twitter at @HeelDoors. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
West Ham United manager Slaven Bilic retains the full support of their players despite their worrying dip in form in recent weeks, defender Aaron Cresswell has said.
Bilic has come under pressure after West Ham lost three consecutive Premier Leagues games for the second time this season, sliding to 12th in the table and nine points above the relegation zone.
The club's poor form has led to media reports suggesting West Ham are looking to change managers at the end of the season, with Reading boss Jaap Stam touted as Bilic's successor.
"If you ask any of the players, they would say the same, we are fully behind them and fully supportive of him. Hopefully we can turn it around and take that pressure off everyone," Cresswell told Sky Sports.
"He is positive and passionate about their job.  They are bubbly around the place and wants to stay in a positive mood and, as players, that's what we want."
West Ham co-chairperson David Sullivan publicly apologised to the club's supporters following this month's 3-2 home defeat to Leicester City.
Bilic's men have an opportunity to end their five-game winless run and return to winning ways when they travel to face third from bottom Hull City on Saturday.
"It is not going right at the minute, we want to put that right on Saturday. We know we haven't been good enough, especially of late, and certainly we look forward to the Hull game," the 27-year-old Cresswell added.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Julia Glover)
(Adds details on assets, context)
By Bruno Federowski
São Paulo, March 31 Brazil's state-run oil company Petróleo Brasileiro SA is eyeing five major assets for a renewed divestment program to be formalized in the next two weeks, after a court forced it to restart most of its $21 billion asset sale program from scratch.
In a securities filing on Friday, Petrobras, as the firm is known, said new divestments may include fuel distribution unit BR Distribuidora, shallow offshore fields in the states of Sergipe and Ceará, the Baúna and Tartaruga Verde oil fields in the Santos and Campos Basins, onshore fields in the state of Sergipe, and deepwater rights in the Gulf of Mexico.
The ruling by Brazil's federal audit court earlier this month allowed Petrobras to proceed with the sale of liquefied gas unit Liquigas, gas pipeline unit NTS and petrochemical companies Suape and Citepe, which already had firm buyers.
The sale of a stake in the Saint Malo field in the Gulf of Mexico was also exempted from the court ruling, but Petrobras said it would be called off because it "did not achieve the expected results," without elaborating.
Reuters reported on Wednesday that Petrobras scrapped the sale of the Baúna and Tartaruga Verde fields because the deal fell through after the Australian buyer's partner backed out amid protracted legal challenges in Brazil.
Since Chief Executive Pedro Parente took charge in May 2016, Petrobras has pursued aggressive asset sales as it sought to cut the largest debt burden among global oil firms.
The Brazilian firm is particularly keen on restarting the sale process of BR Distribuidora, the country's largest fuel distributor and retailer, with 7,500 gas stations nationwide. (Additional reporting by Gustavo Bonato; Editing by Brad Haynes and Bernadette Baum)
By Ambareesh Baliga
Consolidation continued with markets still hovering in a range and the Nifty gaining 0.7 percent during the week to close at 9,174. However, action was mostly focused on mid- and small-cap stocks. The rupee rose 2.8 percent in March, making it the best performing Asian currency in the past month. Its gain of 5 percent during the January-March period is the biggest for any quarter since Q3 CY12 as FIIs poured in money after as a thumping win for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's BJP in state elections.
The Lok Sabha cleared four bills related to Goods and Services Tax (GST), setting the stage for its rollout from July. The GST Council headed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley tentatively approved four sets of rules for the new indirect tax regime in its 13th meeting on Friday. Of the total nine sets of GST Rules, five were approved by the council earlier. The final amended draft rules and rates for individual items will be taken up at the next meeting on May 18-19 for final approval.
Aviation stocks were in action in the past week, mainly led by SpiceJet which gained 9 percent, after 45 routes under the regional connectivity scheme were allocated to various airlines. The fall in crude prices and a strong rupee were indicative of lower aviation fuel prices, which is the biggest single cost for airlines.
Maruti registered a 8.1 percent year-on-year growth in vehicle sales for the month of March to 1,39,763 units. While domestic sales rose 7.7 percent, exports jumped 12.6 percent to 11,764 units during the month. With this, the company has clocked its highest ever total sales for a fiscal year. It sold 1.57 million units in FY17, around 9.8 percent higher than the previous year. Tata Motors achieved 8 percent higher sales in March, while Nissan India, Honda and Ford achieved double-digit growth.
Advance tax filed by India's top 100 companies for the January-March period rose 9 percent compared to the year before. On a quarterly basis, the advance tax paid by these companies rose 6 percent. Reliance Industries saw a sharp drop in its tax figures - it paid 14 billion rupees in Q4 compared to 22.15 billion rupees during the same period last year. Meanwhile, SBI paid 16 billion rupees during the quarter as against 7 billion rupees a year ago.
Private weather forecaster Skymet said India's monsoon rains are likely to be below normal this year, but official forecaster IMD seems to be confident about the prospect of a good monsoon.
On the macro data front, core industries output for February grew by 1 percent, the weakest growth in 15 months, suggesting overall growth slowdown of the segment in Q4. Cement production registered a contraction of 15.8 percent in February, the third back-to-back negative growth since December (post demonetization). Cement production has turned into net contraction mode on YTD basis to -0.7 percent. This again puts a question mark on India's GDP growth figures and reconfirms my view that Q4 earnings could surprise on the downside. Fiscal deficit in the first 11 months to February reached 113.4 percent of the government's revised target for 2016-17.
For the coming week, the RBI policy review is a key event which is likely to determine the near-term trend. The central bank is likely to maintain status quo despite March inflation numbers being below targeted levels. At its last meeting, the RBI surprised everyone by changing its stance to neutral from accommodative.
Automobile companies will be in focus at the stock markets based on their March sales volume. This will be an interesting figure especially in light of the ban on sale of BS-III vehicles after April 1. Two-wheeler companies have offered high discounts to liquidate inventories so they may report better sales numbers but margins would suffer.
PSU OMCs will also be in focus as petrol prices were cut by 3.77 rupees a litre and diesel by 2.91 rupees a litre. The current level of international crude oil prices and rupee-dollar exchange rate warranted this decrease.
On the macro front, manufacturing and services PMI for the month of March is due on Monday and Thursday respectively. Globally, the U.S. Fed's March meeting minutes where it raised rates by 25 bps will be released on Wednesday. The Nikkei Japan Manufacturing PMI, Markit euro zone Manufacturing PMI and U.S. Markit Manufacturing PMI for the month of March 2017 will be unveiled on Monday.
The string of economic data coming out of India continues to confirm that all is not well with the economy, but sentiment and liquidity seems to be holding the markets up. Stocks can continue to defy gravity for a while longer but corporate earnings speak for themselves. I would continue to advise profit-booking.
(Ambareesh Baliga has about 25 years of experience in the stock market and has worked with Karvy and Kotak groups in the past.  They are a regular market commentator on various business channels.  They are a commerce graduate from Calcutta University and a qualified cost accountant.)
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Monday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
POLITICS
Trade disputes between the United States and Europe would hurt economic growth and global governance at a time when the West needs to show a unified front against unfair trade practices, Italy's industry minister said on Friday. Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni has said major powers should reject "the temptation of protectionism" at the Group of Seven summits in May in Sicily.
ECONOMY
Italian state fund Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (CDP) said on Friday 2016 net profit jumped 86 percent to 1.7 billion euros ($1.8 billion), raising the prospect of a bumper dividend for the cash-strapped treasury.
The Italian government will continue to work to reduce taxes in order to revive internal demand said Italian prime minister Paolo Gentiloni on Saturday.
Markit/ADACI releases March PMI manufacturing (0745 GMT).
ISTAT releases February unemployment data (0800 GMT).
Transport Ministry releases March car sales data (1600 GMT).
March state sector borrowing requirement data.
COMPANIES
ITALIAN BANKS
The Bank of Italy's head of supervision Carmelo Barbagallo on Saturday urged domestic lenders to merge. They added that an increase in banks' size would allow economies of scale and improve their access to markets. "Regaining adequate profitability is a need for all European banks, even more for Italian ones," they said. (*) The 20 billion euros earmarked by the Italian government to shore up weak banks will be enough to tackle all the problems and also support liquidity at ailing banks, chief of the Treasury's cabinet, Roberto Garofoli, told la Repubblica's Affari & Finanza on Monday.
(*) MONTE DEI PASCHI DI SIENA
The European Commission's analysis of the bank's business plan is at an advanced stage, la Repubblica's Affari & Finanza said on Monday, citing Roberto Garofoli, chief of the Treasury's cabinet. The amount of state aid to be injected in the Tuscan bank has not yet been defined, Garofoli said, when asked about a 6.6 billion euro estimate.
CATTOLICA ASSICURAZIONE
The insurer is considering the possibility of filing for damages against Popolare Vicenza, in its position as investor in the regional bank, reported Il Sole 24 Ore on Saturday. Legal advisors for Cattolica believe there are grounds for legal action but will wait for the results of inspections by Italian watchdog Consob on the bank to start filing, the report added.
VENETO BANCA
The lender is expected to report on Monday a 1.4 billion euro loss for 2016 with a liquidity coverage ratio of around 110 percent at the end of the year, reported Il Sole 24 Ore on Saturday.
INTESA SANPAOLO
Syndicated loan bankers are still waiting for details of a 5.2 billion euros ($5.55 billion) loan that has been underwritten by Intesa Sanpaolo and finances the purchase of a 19.5 percent stake in Russian energy giant Rosneft, banking sources said on Friday.
TELECOM ITALIA
Vivendi - which is the top shareholder of the phone group with a 24 percent stake - is inclined to indicate a board of 15 members for the phone incumbent, five nominated by the French group, five Italians of "high standing" and five belonging to minority lists, reported la Repubblica on Saturday. A final decision on the name of the chairperson has not yet been made, the report added. (*) Should Telecom Italia Chairman Giuseppe Recchi be removed from their post at the phone group, they could become the chairperson of masts companies INWIT, Corriere della Sera said on Monday. The paper adds that Gabriele Galateri is among candidates considered for the Telecom Italia chairperson position.
FIAT CHRYSLER
Germany's transport ministry has found a new "defeat device" in a Fiat car during emissions tests, it said on Friday, escalating a dispute with the Italian automaker.
A2A
Italy's biggest regional power utility said on Saturday it would start talks with four other regional operators in the Lombardy region aimed at merging their businesses. A2A, whose top investors are the municipalities of Milan and Como, said it signed a non-binding MoU with ACSM-AGAM, ASPEM, AEVV and Lario Reti Holding, "to start examining business and corporate partnerships".
Board meeting on FY results (preliminary results posted on Feb. 27), followed by conference call (1100 GMT).
ACEA
Stefano Donnarumma, head of the A2A Network division, is the candidate for the chief executive position of the utility group - 51 percent owned by the city of Rome, - reported la Repubblica on Sunday. The appointment of the group's board is seen as a key test for the Five star Movement, which runs the city of Rome, the report added.
SPACE2, LEONARDO
Italian market regulator Consob has given its clearance to the listing of rocket engine maker Avio on the Milan bourse, Space2 said in a statement on Friday, adding that Avio would be listed from April 10. Italian defence company Leonardo said it will own around 28 percent of Avio.
ENAV
The Italian air traffic controller said on Saturday it has signed a 5 million euros contract with the Libyan Civil Aviation Authority for the construction and set up of the control tower and technical building of the Mitiga airport in Libya.
FINCANTIERI
Chief Executive Giuseppe Bono said on Sunday the Italian shipbuilder still intends to buy into French rival STX France, despite media reports suggesting that France might want to to nationalise the shipyard instead.
(*) SAVE
European infrastructure funds managed by Deutsche Asset Management and InfraVia Capital Partners have reached an agreement with Italian entrepreneur Enrico Marchi for the two funds to buy a majority stake in Venice's airport operator SAVE , according to a statement issued late on Sunday.
Under the deal, a takeover bid on SAVE will be launched at a price of 21 euros a share in the coming months.
TECHNOGYM
Media preview with CEO Nerio Alessandri in Milan (1600 GMT). (*) Alessandri said the company will be ready to start production in the United States within a year or tow once it reaches the necessary volumes, according to an interview with Corriere della Sera.
UBI BANCA
Roadshow to celebrate 10-year anniversary (1515 GMT) in Cuneo.
(*) IPO
Fashion group Liu Jo could a turnover of 400 million euros by the end of this year, La Repubblica's Affari & Finanza said on Monday, adding the company is studying a future initial public offering.
(Milan newsroom, +39 02 6612 9507, fax +39 02 801149, milan.newsroom@news.reuters.com))
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
HONG KONG, April 6 China Huishan Dairy Holding Co Ltd said an executive director had resigned, the fifth member of senior management to step down in less than a week at the troubled dairy company, but added they would continue to be employed by the group.
China Huishan, whose shares have been suspended after an 85 percent drop in a single day last month, said late on Wednesday that Xu Guangyi had resigned with effect from April 1 to spend more time on the company's days-to-day operations.
"Mr Xu remains in employment with the group and is principally responsible for overseeing the dairy farming business, feeds plantation, feeds processing and project and infrastructure management of the group," China Huishan said in a statement to the stock exchange.
The company said last Friday that four independent directors had quit and an executive remained missing, warning shareholders it would need more time to check its financial position before updating the market.
Executive director Ge Kun, who ran treasury operations for the group, remains uncontactable and Huishan has filed a missing person report with Hong Kong police, the company has said.
Trading in the company's shares remains suspended pending further statements. It expects to update the market next week. (Reporting By Anne Marie Roantree; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of Germany's Deutsche Bank is seen early evening in Frankfurt, Germany, January 26, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
FRANKFURT Advisory group Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) called on Wednesday for an independent audit into the conduct of Deutsche Bank's (DBKGn.DE) management in handling scandals that include the manipulation of Libor and Russian trades.
Deutsche Bank, which has conducted its own investigation over poor conduct and has faced a litigation bill worth 15 billion euros ($16.37 billion), previously rebuffed requests for another audit and has urged investors to look to the future.
It declined to comment after Wednesday's statement by ISS.
The idea of an independent or special audit, first proposed by small shareholder Marita Lampatz, won backing last week from Glass Lewis, another proxy voting firm which like ISS advises shareholders how to vote.
The two firms could force the issue if the proposal wins support at the bank's annual general meeting on May 18.
A similar call for a special audit of management's handling of some of Deutsche Bank's largest litigation cases received 46.4 percent of votes at last year's shareholder meeting, narrowly missing the majority needed to push it through.
Deutsche Bank has settled major litigation cases that include scandals over the sale of toxic mortgages and sham Russian trades. A probe into alleged violations of U.S. sanctions on countries such as Iran is pending and the bank expects to conclude that by the end of 2017.
Deutsche Bank agreed last year to settle the case over alleged manipulation of interbank rates such as Libor for a record $2.5 billion with U.S. and British authorities, which had accused the bank of obstructing their investigation.
Some shareholders say fines for interest rate manipulation could have been 100 million pounds ($129 million) less if management had provided appropriate information to Britain's Financial Conduct Authority.
They also said Deutsche was slow to improve its reporting and risk management, while the roughly $2.5 billion in fines connected to the Libor fine damaged the bank's reputation and its business.
The shareholders said the Russia trading case also showed the bank did not have an effective anti-money laundering program.
Deutsche Bank's probe cleared Chairman Paul Achleitner of accusations that they were partly to blame for poor cooperation with authorities investigating rate manipulation.
"Considering the chairperson's potential involvement in the wrongdoing and the bank's refusal to disclose details of the results of the investigations, there are significant doubts about the supervisory board's ability to investigate potential wrongdoing by its own members," ISS said.
ISS said a special audit could lay such concerns to rest.
Glass Lewis advised shareholders to refrain from ratifying the actions of Deutsche's top executives and supervisory board members for last year. ISS said a such vote was not warranted.
Votes to ratify the decisions by company bosses are customary in Germany and are an opportunity for shareholders to express confidence in their leadership. But such votes do not release individuals from liability for their actions.
(Editing by Edmund Blair)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Changes slug to NORTHKOREA-USA/ from NORTHKOREA-NUCLEAR/)
By Sue-Lin Wong
PYONGYANG, April 13 Foreign journalists visiting North Korea gathered in Pyongyang for "a big and important event" on Thursday with tensions high over the possibility of a new weapons test by the isolated state and as a U.S. carrier group sails towards the Korean peninsula.
North Korea marks the 105th anniversary of the birth of the state founder Kim Il Sung on Saturday and in 2012 launched a long-range rocket carrying a satellite to mark the date. It tested a newly developed intermediate-range missile last year.
Around 200 foreign journalists are in Pyongyang for North Korea's biggest national day called "Day of the Sun". Officials gave no details of the big event and similar announcements in the past have been linked to relatively low-key set pieces.
Tensions on the Korean peninsula mounted this week as the White House said U.S. President Donald Trump has put North Korea "clearly on notice" that they will not tolerate certain actions and China urged a peaceful resolution of the tension.
Trump has diverted the Carl Vinson Strike Group to near the Korean peninsula, from a planned port call in Australia, in a show of force aimed at deterring North Korea launching another missile. The group is expected to take up to nine days to arrive, U.S. officials have said.
On Tuesday, North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression. The North is technically at war with the United States and south Korea after the 1950-53 Korean War ended in a truce and not a peace treaty.
The North regularly threatens to destroy both countries.
Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping spoke by telephone on Wednesday, just days after they met in the United States for the first time, underscoring the sense of urgency given concerns that the North could soon conduct a weapons test.
Trump said on Twitter that their call with Xi was a "very good" discussion of the "menace of North Korea". Trump said later on Wednesday the United States is prepared to tackle the crisis surrounding North Korea without China if necessary.
Xi stressed that China was "committed to the target of denuclearisation on the peninsula, safeguarding peace and stability on the peninsula, and advocates resolving problems through peaceful means", Chinese state broadcaster CCTV said.
A Washington-based think tank that monitors North Korea, 38 North, said satellite image taken on Wednesday showed continued activity around the North's Punggye-ri nuclear test site the east coast that showed it was ready for a new test.
South Korean officials said on Thursday there were no new signs to indicate a North Korean nuclear is more imminent but said the North has maintained a state of readiness to conduct such a test at any time. (Writing by Jack Kim and James Pearson; Editing by Michael Perry)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
(Reuters) - Google parent Alphabet Inc missed quarterly profit forecasts as steady ad sales growth was offset by increased spending to promote its consumer gadgets, YouTube video app and cloud computing services, the U.S. technology company said on Thursday.
Shares of Alphabet dipped more than 5 percent after-hours, before steadying with a 2.7 percent loss at $1,149.93.
Though growing demand for pricey ads on mobile apps has kept Google's core ad business surging, the company has moved aggressively to maintain dominance and diversify sales. Expenses jumped 27 percent to $24.7 billion in the fourth quarter from the year-earlier period.
Google bought ads during major sports events to market its new Pixel 2 smartphone and YouTube television service. It slashed prices on other hardware in the race to get online search and media streaming devices into people's homes. Google continued to quickly add staff to its enterprise sales unit.
A growing portion of revenue has been spent on having the Google search engine set as the default option on products and services such as Apple Inc's iPhone and Mozilla's Firefox browser.
Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat told analysts in a post-earnings conference call that higher marketing costs coincided with holidays and that payments to partners such as Apple and Mozilla would steady in coming quarters.
Investments are paying off, Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai said, noting that cloud computing is generating $1 billion in quarterly sales. They said Google's G Suite workplace software package had doubled its customers to 4 million in two years, as Reuters first reported earlier on Thursday.
Financial analysts looked past the spending.
“Overall, it was a good quarter. Advertising revenue is still up significantly,” Ivan Feinseth of Tigress Financial Partners said in an email.
Fourth-quarter sales increased 24 percent to $32.3 billion, above the average analysts' estimate of $31.9 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Adjusted quarterly profit of $6.8 billion, or $9.70 per share, missed estimates of $7 billion, or $10 per share.
The profit figure excludes a $9.9 billion tax charge as Alphabet joined much of corporate America in reporting large one-time expenses in the fourth quarter due to U.S. legislation enacted in December that lowers corporate rates.
FILE PHOTO: The Google logo is pictured atop an office building in Irvine, California, U.S. August 7, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
The tax law has given companies more affordable access to overseas profits, and Porat said Alphabet would make a “modest increase” in share buybacks with an additional allocation of $8.6 billion.
The growing use of smartphones worldwide has been a bonanza for social media company Facebook Inc and Google, which research firm EMarketer estimates together account for nearly 60 percent of mobile ad sales.
Google sells ad space on its search engine, its fast-growing YouTube video streaming service and a network of third-party websites and apps.
The company's computer algorithms have become more effective at delivering mobile ads likely to make customers sit through commercials, install an app or visit a website.
Led by such ads, Alphabet generated $110.9 billion in full-year revenue, up 23 percent from 2016 and topping $100 billion for the first time. Profit fell 35 percent to $12.6 billion because of the tax bill and a separate charge last summer for a $2.7 billion European Union antitrust fine, which is under appeal.
“The company's continued strong top-line growth and myriad new opportunities to drive future growth remain the keys to the stock,” MoffettNathanson analyst Michael Nathanson said in an email.
Alphabet is attempting to maintain sales growth through new businesses, experimenting with operating a fleet of self-driving taxis through Waymo and licensing medical technology at Verily.
Related Coverage Alphabet shares fall as rising costs, margin pressure roil investors
Non-advertising revenue from Google combined with revenue from Verily and the other Alphabet companies was $15.5 billion in 2017, accounting for about 14 percent of total revenue, compared to $10.9 billion, or 12 percent, in 2016.
Alphabet also said on Thursday that veteran board member John Hennessy took over as chairperson the day before from Eric Schmidt, a long-time Google executive who will remain a board member and technical adviser.
The potential for further regulation on privacy, monopolistic business practices or content vetting is among investors' top concerns about tech companies such as Alphabet and Amazon.com Inc that are tapping their unrivaled consumer behavior data to branch beyond their core businesses.
MKM Partners analyst Rob Sanderson said in a note to clients last month that Google had “the most unrecognized value” of big publicly traded tech companies despite some concerns about regulatory issues.
Two police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday in Dallas, police said.
The suspect has not been captured, reports TV station WFAA.
A civilian was also shot, but police said the person's condition was unknown.
The incident happened as the officers helped a security guard "responding to an incident" at a Home Depot store, WFAA says.
A nearby stop on the regional DART train would not allow passengers on or off, according to the Dallas Morning News, citing a DART spokesperson. The paper said officers are looking for the suspect in a wooded area behind the store.
This is a breaking news story. This post will be updated.
* Spot silver may break resistance at $18.46/oz -technicals * Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust rise on Monday * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Updates prices, adds comment) By Arpan Varghese March 28 Gold prices held steady on Tuesday as investors looked to see if U.S. President Donald Trump would be able to enact promised tax cuts and infrastructure spending, with the dollar drifting slightly higher off of multi-month lows. Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,253.83 per ounce at 0557 GMT, after touching its highest in a month at $1,261.03 the day before. U.S. gold futures inched down 0.2 percent to $1,253.60. "The markets are now starting to settle down as concerns around the implications of the failed (U.S.) healthcare bill seem to have somewhat abated," said ANZ analyst Daniel Hynes. "We're likely to see gold prices relatively steady for now until there is a little bit more clarity on Trump's other policies, particularly over the tax bill." Trump suffered a major reversal when Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system. The blow unnerved financial markets, heightening worries about the chances of enacting tax reforms and big spending packages. The likely upper limit for gold would be at the $1,260 per ounce level over the next couple of weeks, Hynes said, adding that the precious metal would struggle to break through its 200-day average, now at $1,259.12. Gold has already rallied sharply from its March 15 low following a less-hawkish-than-expected policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve, which dampened expectations for near-term increases in U.S. interest rates. Gold is highly sensitive to rising U.S. interest rates, which increase the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion, while boosting the dollar in which it is priced. The markets also took stock of separate statements from Fed officials on Monday, with Chicago Federal Reserve Bank President Charles Evans saying the case for four rate hikes this year is not yet solid and would require a stronger lift in inflation. "We remain constructive about gold in the short term," INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir said, adding that further weakness in the dollar could push gold higher. The dollar limped off multi-month lows against major peers on Tuesday. Meanwhile, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, New York-listed SPDR Gold Shares , reported an inflow of 2.7 tonnes on Monday. In other metals, spot silver fell 0.2 percent to $18.03 per ounce. In the previous session, the metal touched its highest since March 2 at $18.12. Spot silver may break resistance at $18.46 per ounce and rise towards the next level of resistance at $19.34 over the next three months, according to Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao. Platinum climbed 0.5 percent, to $967.90 per ounce. On Monday, it marked its highest since March 6 at $982.60. Palladium slipped 0.3 percent to $790.50 an ounce. (Reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Joseph Radford and Christian Schmollinger)
April 20 Reven Housing REIT Inc:
* Reven Housing REIT acquires 68 SFR portfolio in Birmingham, Alabama
* Reven Housing REIT Inc - contract purchase price for 68 acquired properties was approximately $5.2 million exclusive of closing costs
* Reven Housing REIT Inc says company funded 100% of purchase with cash Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Prime Minerals SA:
* Said on Thursday that its unit, PT Bintang Sinar Perkasa (BSP), signed a conditional agreement to acquire 49 pct stakes in PT Kapur Prima Perkasa (KPP) based in Indonesia
* The main suspending condition to the agreement concerns obtaining a licence by KPP for the production of limestone from the area where BSP owns a concession
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
China freezes green car licences amid ongoing quality issues
BEIJING, June 15 China has put approvals for new electric vehicle ventures on hold until next year, three people familiar with the matter told Reuters, as quality issues continue to dog the world's largest market for green cars.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
April 28 Sevenet SA:
* Raises stake in Seventica sp. z o.o. to 100 percent from 82.9 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 5 Sourcenext Corp
* Says it will acquire 22,200 shares (100 percent stake) of FUDEMAME CO.,LTD., for 813 million yen, from Softfront Holdings
* Says it will hold 100 percent voting power of FUDEMAME CO.,LTD.
* Says transaction effective May 11
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/riRMpH
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WASHINGTON, April 20 UK financial firms are well prepared to face risks associated with the general election unexpectedly called by the British government this week, the governor of the Bank of England said on Thursday, contrasting this year's vote with last June's Brexit referendum.
"I would make a distinction between last year's referendum, which was a binary decision for which markets and institutions were potentially not prepared... and the normal political process, which is what we're seeing happening in the UK and for which institutions are well prepared," Mark Carney said at an event of the International Monetary Fund in Washington. (Reporting By Francesco Canepa; Editing by Toby Chopra)
* UK must settle divorce bill before trade deal -resolution
* Deal on UK, EU citizens' rights also priority, it says
* Suggests Brexit reversible, UK PM says no turning back (adds quotes from news conference)
By Francesco Guarascio and Gabriela Baczynska
BRUSSELS, March 29 The European Parliament said on Wednesday that Brexit could be reversed, but if Britain pursued divorce from the EU it should first settle its bill and protect citizens' rights before a new trade deal with the bloc can be discussed.
In a draft resolution published on the day that Britain formally triggered the two-year process to leave the European Union, senior EU lawmakers said there could be transitional arrangements to smooth the UK's departure but they should not last more than three years.
Two London-based EU agencies, the European Banking Authority and the European Medicines Agency, must also move as soon as practicably possible, said the draft resolution.
The draft sets the European Parliament's red lines on the conduct of EU divorce talks with Britain before a free trade pact can be tackled. The Strasbourg-based assembly will have a final say on any deal struck with Britain.
In casting the Brexit process as reversible, EU lawmakers were seen to be offering a concession to strengthen the hand of Britons who voted to stay in the EU in last year's membership referendum, despite opposition from EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier to making any such reference.
Conservative British Prime Minister Theresa May declared on Wednesday there was no turning back from Brexit. Britons voted by a margin of 52 to 48 percent to leave the EU.
The EU parliament's resolution, to be voted on by the entire chamber next week, stressed that even if Britons changed their mind they would not get a better deal than what they had as members of the world's largest political and trade bloc.
Parliament president Antonio Tajani told a news conference that if Britain decided to reverse course, "it cannot do it alone (as) all member states need to decide whether it is possible (too)".
The EU parliament's Brexit team, led by Belgian ex-prime minister Guy Verhofstadt, accepted that in case of Brexit there should be transitional provisions to ease the split but lasting no more than three years and "strictly limited" in scope.
GUARANTEES
Negotiations on such arrangements could start only after substantial progress is made on a withdrawal accord that should include a bill for Brexit, guarantees for EU citizens living in Britain and British nationals residing in EU countries, and legal certainties for companies, the document said.
"Not reaching a deal on citizens' rights means not reaching a deal at all," Tajani said. Three million EU citizens live in the UK and about 1 million British nationals in EU countries.
The EU's parliament's draft resolution said London's Brexit bill should cover not just outstanding commitments to the bloc's budget but also "provision for off-balance sheet items, contingent liabilities and other financial costs that arise directly as a result of its withdrawal".
That raised the prospect of a tab even higher than the 60 billion euros ($64.5 billion) figure bandied about of late - an amount rejected by prominent pro-Brexit politicians in the UK.
Verhofstadt said it was possible to reach a withdrawal agreement and also one on the "general terms of the future relationship" within the two-year time frame of Brexit talks.
To that end, they said, Britain should recognise that the European Court of Justice will be the "competent authority for the interpretation and enforcement of the withdrawal agreement".
That stance may not go down well in Britain, where many see a quick end of ECJ jurisdiction as critical to restoring complete national sovereignty after four decades in the EU.
($1 = 0.9295 euros) (Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Members of the supervisory board of German pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer AG are silhouetted against the company's logo at the annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Werner Baumann, CEO of German pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer AG, and Werner Wenning (R), chairperson of Bayer's supervisory board, pose in front of the company's logo before the annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Werner Baumann, CEO of German pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer AG, is silhouetted at the company's annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Security personal remove a banner reading 'Human rights instead of profits' as activists interrupt the speech of Werner Baumann, CEO of German pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer AG at the company's annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Activists protest against the merger of Germany's pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer with U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company Monsanto before Bayer's annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
An activist prepares a placard to protest against the merger of Germany's pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer with U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company Monsanto before Bayer's annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Activists protest against the merger of Germany's pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer with U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company Monsanto before Bayer's annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Activists protest against the merger of Germany's pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer with U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company Monsanto before Bayer's annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Werner Baumann, CEO of German pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer AG, appears on a video screen as they address the annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
An activist symbolically burns mock documents to protest against the merger of Germany's pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer with U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company Monsanto, before Bayer's annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Activists protest against the merger of Germany's pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer with U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company Monsanto before Bayer's annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
BONN Bayer's chief executive acknowledged on Friday that they will face an uphill battle to improve Monsanto's reputation once Bayer completes the takeover of the U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company.
"Monsanto's image does of course represent a major challenge for us, and it's not an aspect I wish to play down," Werner Baumann told shareholders at Bayer's annual general meeting.
"Yet we are facing this challenge with all those qualities that have made us what we are today: openness, expertise and responsibility," they added.
Bayer and Monsanto plan to wrap up the $66 billion transaction by the end of 2017. As part of this, Bayer aims to file for European antitrust approval during the second quarter.
(Reporting by Patricia Weiss; Writing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Ludwig Burger)
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
(Adds quotes, details, background)
YEREVAN, April 12 The International Monetary Fund expects Armenia's gross domestic product to grow by 3 percent and annual inflation to reach 2 percent in 2017, Hossein Samiei, the IMF mission chief, said on Wednesday.
The IMF mission completed its visit to Armenia this week.
Armenia, a country of 3.2 million people, depends heavily on aid and investment from Russia, whose economic downturn has hit Armenian exports and much-needed remittances from Armenians working there.
"Foreign capital expenditure could be higher than was expected in December," Samiei told a news conference.
In December, the IMF forecast 2017 economic growth of 2.7 percent. The economy grew 6 percent in the first quarter of 2017, IMF data show.
Remittances and copper prices have also picked up and growth in Russia should improve this year, Samiei said. They cautioned that the recovery in remittances and copper prices might not last and growth in key trading partners may be weaker than expected.
They said that the government promised to put effort into diversifying exports, tackling corruption and implementing structural reforms. (Reporting by Hasmik Mkrtchyan; writing by Margarita Antidze; editing by Larry King)
April 20 Guangzhou Grandbuy Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 0 percent to 20 percent, or to be 89.4 million yuan to 107.3 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (89.4 million yuan)
* Comments that improved operation is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/zzHs6l
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
PARIS (Reuters) - France will push for an European financial transactions tax to fund the fight against climate change, four French government ministers said in a joint statement.
FILE PHOTO: Protesters throw up a globe-shaped balloon during a rally held the day before the start of the 2015 Paris World Climate Change Conference, known as the COP21 summit, in Rome, Italy, November 29, 2015. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi/File Photo
The tax could raise up to 5 billion euros ($5.9 billion) per year by 2020, according to a joint opinion piece authored by finance minister Bruno Le Maire, foreign minister Jean-Yves Le Drian, environment minister Nicolas Hulot and higher education minister Frederique Vidal.
It was published in Le Journal du Dimanche ahead of a climate summit in Paris on Monday.
They said that France had already put in place a financial transactions tax which helps finance its environmental policies.
“We will push for this tax to become applicable in Europe and will ask everyone to take part in this solidarity effort,” the four ministers said.
In 2012, France introduced a 0.2 percent tax on purchases of shares in French companies with a market capitalization of at least 1 billion euros. The tax raised 1.1 billion euros in 2016 and was raised to 0.3 percent this year.
France and Germany have long led efforts to create a financial transactions tax. Ten countries - Germany, France, Italy, Austria, Belgium, Greece, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain - have signed up in principle.
But talks have dragged on since 2011 as countries struggle to agree what instruments should be covered and at which rate.
French President Emmanuel Macron said in July they would push for a European financial transaction tax as long as it was effective. They added that it depended on whether Britain would have access to EU financial markets after Brexit, as otherwise firms would move to London where the tax will not apply.
Banks and other opponents of the tax argue that it only makes sense if it covers many countries or else transactions will shift toward financial centres not covered by it.
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Sunday they hoped the violence that erupted in Palestinian protests against President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital was abating.
Israel's Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman speaks during the International Institute for Counterterrorism's 17th annual conference in Herzliya, Israel September 11, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
“Our hope is that everything is calming down and that we are returning to a path of normal life without riots and without violence,” Lieberman told Army Radio.
Violence erupted for a third day on Saturday in Gaza and the occupied West Bank in response to Trump's announcement on Wednesday in which they overturned decades of U.S. policy towards the Middle East.
Pre-dawn Israeli air strikes on Saturday killed two Palestinian gunmen after militants fired rockets from the enclave into Israel on Friday.
However, street protests in Gaza and the West Bank were less intense on Saturday than on the previous two days and the military said there were no rocket launchings on Saturday night.
Trump's recognition of Jerusalem has infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies, who say it is a blow to peace efforts and risks causing further unrest in the Middle East.
Late on Saturday, Arab foreign ministers urged the United States to abandon its decision and said the move would spur violence throughout the region.
Israel says that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state.
Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory, and say the status of the city should be left to be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks.
The Trump administration says it is still committed to Palestinian-Israeli talks, that Israel's capital would be in Jerusalem under any serious peace plan, and that it has not taken a position on the city's borders. It says the moribund negotiations can be revived only by ditching outdated policies.
April 20 S&P:
* Republic Of El Salvador sovereign credit ratings lowered to 'SD' on missed pension debt payments
* Says lowering to 'SD' from 'CCC-' our long-term foreign currency and local currency sovereign credit ratings of El Salvador
* Says affirming El Salvador's issue credit rating on the foreign currency senior unsecured debt at 'CCC-'
* Lowered El Salvador issuer credit ratings to 'SD' because government did not make missed payments during 5 business days that S&P imputes grace period
* Says affirmed El Salvador's existing issue credit ratings on foreign currency senior unsecured debt at 'CCC-' because the debt is not in default
* Says removed El Salvador's ratings from creditwatch with negative implications
* T&C assessment remains 'AAA' because expect El Salvador to continue to use U.S. dollar as its currency Source text : bit.ly/2pIaSrm
1:06 Athletes show off feats of strength in The Strongest Man and Woman Competition Pause
0:51 Watch a hog be auctioned off at the California Mid-State Fair
1:01 Watch Frankie Valli in concert at the Mid-State Fair
0:35 See the California Mid-State Fair carnival from the air
17:49 Garth Brooks, Trisha Yearwood talk about how excited they are to play the 2017 Mid-State Fair
1:20 Edible bugs. 'Kevin Bacon.' See some of the strangest things you can buy at the Mid-State Fair
1:21 Watch Keith Urban in concert at the Mid-State Fair
1:01 Watch Hunter Hayes and The Band Perry in concert at Mid-State Fair
2:15 Good vs. evil: A moral food dilemma at the California Mid-State Fair
ZURICH May 2 Shower toilet and plumbing supplies maker Geberit on Tuesday reported a 2.1 percent year-on-year rise in first quarter net profit, helped by what it said was a largely positive environment in the construction industry.
The Swiss company posted net profit of 153.4 million Swiss francs ($154.06 million) for the three months ended March 31, meeting analyst estimates of 153 million francs in a Reuters poll. It reported a figure of 150.3 million francs a year earlier.
Sales rose 2.6 percent to 737.1 million francs from 718.6 million francs a year earlier. Analysts had forecast a figure of 747 million francs.
($1 = 0.9957 Swiss francs) (Reporting by John Revill)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Huntsman Cancer Institute as confirmed the death of Jon Huntsman Sr., a Utah billionaire and philanthropist.
No further details were immediately available, according to FOX13 in Salt Lake City.
Hunstman was 80 years. They donated more than 1 billion dollars to charity throughout their life, and funded the institute, which focuses on cancer research.
Huntsman was the only American to ever receive the Armenian Medal of Honor, Fox13 reports.
NEW YORK May 3 Aetna Inc will exit the Obamacare individual insurance market in Virginia and will not offer these plans on or off the online exchange created by the Affordable Care Act, the company said on Wednesday.
Virginia's Department of Insurance has a May 3 deadline for insurers to submit premium rates for 2018.
The company said last month that it would leave Iowa. It is selling these plans in four states in 2017. (Reporting by Caroline Humer)
El Salvador's Attorney General Douglas Melendez arrives at a hotel which was raided by police during an operation to detain Jose Adan Salazar, in San Salvador, El Salvador, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jose Cabezas
Businessman Jose Adan Salazar is escorted by police as they are presented to the media after their detention under money laundering charges, in San Salvador, El Salvador, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Jose Cabezas
Businessman Jose Adan Salazar is presented to the media after their detention under money laundering charges, in San Salvador, El Salvador, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Jose Cabezas
Businessman Jose Adan Salazar is presented to the media after their detention under money laundering charges, in San Salvador, El Salvador, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Jose Cabezas
Businessman Jose Adan Salazar is escorted by police as they are presented to the media after their detention under money laundering charges, in San Salvador, El Salvador, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Jose Cabezas
SAN SALVADOR A high-profile El Salvadoran business person, who is wanted by the U.S. government for suspected drug trafficking, was arrested on money-laundering charges on Tuesday, the attorney general's office said.
Jose Adan Salazar was taken into custody after a series of raids on hotels, gas stations, ranches, homes and other premises linked to him, the attorney general's office said.
"The crime that led to this is laundering of money and assets," Attorney General Douglas Melendez told reporters. Three other people were also arrested, they said.
The U.S. Treasury Department added Salazar to its list of designated drug kingpins in 2014. Melendez, asked if Salazar's arrest was linked to the United States, said it was carried out on the basis of a Salvadoran probe.
Salazar, who is 68 according to the Treasury Department's website, was not immediately available for comment.
Between 2007 and 2011, Salazar was chairperson of Isidro Metapan, one of El Salvador's most successful soccer teams.
(Reporting by Nelson Renteria; Editing by Paul Tait)
May 3 Reynolds American Inc:
* Reported EPS first quarter at $0.55
* First quarter adjusted EPS $0.56
* Qtrly net sales $2,949 million versus $2,917 million
* Proposed RAI/BAT transaction obtained U.S. and Japan antitrust approvals; closing still expected to be in third quarter of 2017
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.57, revenue view $3.03 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Industry cigarette volume was down 3.1 percent in the first quarter
* Total first-quarter domestic cigarette volumes for RAI's operating companies decreased 4.4 percent from the prior-year quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
William Ackman speaks during the Sohn Investment Conference in New York May 4, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
BOSTON Billionaire hedge fund manager William Ackman has apologized to clients for betting on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc (VRX.TO), telling them they were "deeply and profoundly sorry" for losing so much of their money on the investment.
Ackman decided to sell their entire Valeant position earlier this month, suffering a roughly $4 billion loss since having bought the stake in early 2015.. They called the investment a "huge mistake."
"My approach to mistakes is that I personally assume 100 percent of the responsibility on behalf of the firm," they wrote in the firm's annual letter released to clients on Tuesday evening and seen by Reuters on Wednesday.
The 50-year-old manager acknowledged the toll the bad bet has taken on their image and said they misjudged the management team in place when they bought the stock.
"We deeply regret this mistake, which has cost all of us a tremendous amount," they wrote.
Thanks largely to Valeant's tumble, Ackman's hedge fund Pershing Square Capital Management suffered back-to-back losses in 2015 and 2016 as their reputation as one of the hedge fund industry's most talented investors dimmed.
Since launching the firm in 2004, Ackman has delivered a compound annual net return of 14.8 percent. They tend to take concentrated bets and often pushes management to perform better by urging spin-offs or other measures.
Nonetheless the board of Pershing Square Holdings, Ackman's publicly traded investment vehicle, decided after a review of their performance that they should continue to manage the investments, Anne Farlow, the chair, wrote in a separate letter.
They welcomed Ackman's openness in analyzing what led to the Valeant failure.
In their letter, Ackman laid some blame at the feet of Valeant's former management team, which they had thought was building the next Berkshire Hathaway (BRKa.N), once of the most profitable companies in the country.
Ackman met former Valeant Chief Executive Michael Pearson in 2014, when Pearson enlisted Ackman's help to try and buy Allergan and Pershing Square bought up Allergan shares to try and push that company's management into selling to Valeant.
Allergan ended up selling to a Actavis, netting Ackman their best-ever returns with their Pershing Square LP fund gaining 36.9 percent in 2014.
Ackman fired Pearson in 2016, however, after they got a seat on Valeant's board.
"Prior management substantially overpaid for the company's largest acquisition - its acquisition of Salix - which occurred contemporaneously with the substantial majority of our investment in the company," Ackman wrote.
Pershing Square Holdings has swung to losses of 2.5 percent after starting the year with gains, but Ackman promised a quick recovery in the letter to clients.
(Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Tom Brown)
Fed raises rates, unveils cuts to bond holdings in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months, citing continued U.S. economic growth and job market strength, and announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Primary schools will no longer have to report on National Standards to parents or the Ministry of Education from the new year.
Education Minister Chris Hipkins' today said reporting would shift from the standards to reporiting on children's progress. Reports would be written in "plain English", they said.
Principals Federation president Whetu Cormick said the move was "a watershed moment for our education system as we move away from the narrow focus over the past 10 years".
NZ Educational Institute president Lynda Stuart said it was "a day of celebration".
Advertisement
"National Standards narrowed the curriculum, put undue pressure on children, increased teacher workload and weren't even an accurate measure of a child's progress," they said.
"We never gave up the fight and our members can be rightly proud of their hard work and determination that has resulted in the new government putting an end to this horrible experiment.
"I also want to acknowledge and thank the many boards of trustees and parents who partnered with us in fighting against national standards."
Hipkins said reporting would focus on progress, rather than "arbitrary" standards.
"Parents will still receive reports at least twice a year on their child's progress and achievement in maths, reading and writing as well as across the curriculum areas," they said.
"But this reporting will focus on children's progress, rather than measuring them against arbitrary National Standards.
"The reports, written in plain English, will relate to where their child is at, at a given point, and the progress shift that has occurred, rather than being judged against others."
Hipkins said they would take the next nine months to develop a new system for reporting on children's progress.
"We will take the next few months to work with the sector, students, parents, whanau and iwi to develop a new approach for understanding progress across the curricula that will meet their needs, and contribute to the education system supporting the success of all students."
Cormick, who is being briefed on the changes by the Ministry of Education, said "narrow measurement systems" such as National Standards had failed overseas.
"Thankfully young people will no longer be under pressure to 'meet the standards' and can get on with their wider learning," they said.
"Parents and boards of trustees can feel confident they will continue to receive plain language reports around reading, writing and maths, but this will be widened to include information about the wider curriculum.
"The new minister has signalled they want to work with whanau, students and the profession to frame up a new approach. We welcome this invitation to work with him."
School Trustees Association president Lorraine Kerr also welcomed the change: "After nine years of National Standards and some confusion about National Standards data and what that meant, boards of trustees should be able to feel confident that they will continue to receive plain language reports around reading, writing and maths."
Former National Party Education Minister Nikki Kaye also announced just before the election that National would "shift towards a system that measures student progress, alongside National Standards".
Contact
Karen Lynn Maher
***@legacyoneauthors.com Karen Lynn Maher
End
-- Writers and aspiring authors! Get your book done now! LegacyONE Executive Communications announces a full-day conference and nonfiction writers workshop, Saturday, April 29, 2017, 8:00 am – 5:00 pm, with networking reception 5:00 pm – 6:00 pm at The Heathman Hotel, 220 Kirkland Ave., Kirkland, Washington.A top authority on mentoring CEOs and other executives through the writing and self-publishing processes, conference lead Karen Lynn Maher is founder and CEO of LegacyONE Executive Communications, a Kirkland-based leadership communications firm. They will teach attendees how to identify their unique point-of-view, master the writing process, plan their entire book and commit to a writing and publishing plan that works for them. The conference also includes developing an accountability team to help writers stay on track after leaving the event.To kick off the event, Keynote Speaker Larry Snyder will give a lively, engaging talk about writing and publishing their book on life in the tiny village of Montanare, Italy,He'll share the learning experiences they had while writing the book, and how they launched and marketed it. A well-known Puget Sound personality, Larry is also a professional auctioneer and has led auctions for many high-profile local and national organizations.This is a hands-on, working conference, guided by experts. Throughout the day, an interactive panel of professional writers will speak about the writing process and be available for questions. Panelists include:· Jessica Butts, life and business coach and author ofIn their upbeat, sassy, fun manner, Jessica will share how LegacyONE guided them through the writing and publishing process and how they now use their book as a tool to build business and credibility.· Margo Myers, former well-known TV news anchor and now principal at Margo Myers Communications, teamed with Karen Lynn Maher to produce a marketing book aimed at new and potential authors,. Margo will guide writers about developing their marketing message focusing on the 3 Cs of effective marketing.· Nikki Rausch, founder and CEO of Sales Maven and best-selling author of two books,and. During their 22+ year sales career working for large companies like Hitachi, Nikki has gained extensive knowledge in the art of relationship selling. They will share the challenges they had to overcome while writing their book and how publishing it benefitted them personally and professionally.If you've ever thought of writing a book, this event is for you. There is no better time to start writing it than now! As author Mark Twain so aptly said, "The secret to getting ahead is getting started."For more information about this event, contact Karen Lynn Maher at karen@LegacyOneAuthors.com or (206) 913-8883.To register, use this link at loexec.com/writing- summit/
March 29Zhejiang Wanfeng Auto Wheel Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 5 percent to 20 percent, or to be 176.9 million yuan to 202.2 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 168.5 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are optimized market structure and improved technology as well as contribution from new projects
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/VDNe9U
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-Taiji Computer says dividend payment date on June 21
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 2.18 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 20
A street sign is seen in front of the New York Stock Exchange on Wall Street in New York, February 10, 2009. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK Equities in key world markets edged higher on Thursday, led by gains on Wall Street after an upward revision to U.S. economic growth data, while U.S. crude rose to trade above $50 per barrel for the first time in three weeks.
The euro slipped after data showed easing inflation in Spain and Germany, paring back bets on tighter policy from the European Central Bank.
Oil prices rose after Kuwait gave its backing for an extension of OPEC production cuts in an attempt to reduce global oversupply.
"There is a significant chance that a short-to-medium-term bottom has been found," said Tamas Varga, analyst at London brokerage PVM Oil Associates.
U.S. crude CLc1 last rose 1.7 percent to $50.33 a barrel and Brent LCOc1 traded at $52.94, up 1.0 percent on the day.
Banks and energy led U.S. stocks higher as oil prices rose and gross domestic product annualised growth was revised up to a 2.1 percent rate from 1.9 percent. Growth in consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, was also revised up.
Much of the move in U.S. stocks, which drove them to record highs earlier this month, is predicated on U.S. President Donald Trump's commitment to return to 4-percent economic growth.
Failure last week to pass a major campaign promise to revamp U.S. healthcare called into question Trump's ability to deliver tax reform even though their party controls the two chambers of Congress. But economic fundamentals give investors some confidence.
"Regardless of the day-to-day Washington drama, the market is moving forward on improving fundamentals," said Karyn Cavanaugh, Senior Market Strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York.
"The bottom line is, corporate profits are getting better, the economy is getting better and that's all the pieces of the puzzle that the market needs in order to move forward."
"It's not just the U.S. economy," they added, "but we do see definitely improvement throughout the world."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 72.96 points, or 0.35 percent, to 20,732.28, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 8.02 points, or 0.34 percent, to 2,369.15 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 17.36 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,914.91.
The S&P 500 touched its highest level in seven sessions.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 rose 0.47 percent, underpinned by a rise in oil stocks.
MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS rose 0.05 percent. Emerging market stocks fell 0.35 percent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS closed less than 0.1 percent lower while Japan's Nikkei .N225 dropped 0.8 percent.
GREENBACK GAINS FURTHER
The dollar index .DXY ticked up 0.40 percent with the euro down 0.70 percent to $1.0691, weakened by the inflation data.
The soft inflation numbers followed a Reuters report on Wednesday citing sources close to the ECB who said officials there were unhappy with a shift in market expectations toward tighter monetary policy and higher euro zone interest rates.
"That sort of off-the-record briefing that came through (Wednesday) and German inflation this morning do seem to have pulled the rug from under the euro," said Nick Parsons, a strategist with National Australia Bank in London.
Sterling bounced from a one-week low of $1.2375 hit Wednesday GBP=, and was last trading at $1.2478, up 0.37 percent on the day.
The dollar index briefly earlier turned lower after a CNBC report said the Trump administration is "assessing the scope of its power to penalize countries whose currencies it believes are undervalued."
The report provided no details about how the administration would do this.
Benchmark U.S. Treasury yields rose slightly with support of the GDP data. Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last fell 9/32 in price to yield 2.4179 percent.
Spot gold XAU= fell 0.6 percent to $1,244.36 an ounce. U.S. gold futures GCcv1 fell 0.8 percent to $1,243.80 an ounce.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; additional reporting by Christopher Johnson in London and Dion Rabouin, Lewis Krauskopf & Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
April 3 Godfrey Phillips India Ltd
* Godfrey Phillips India clarifies on news item "Godfrey Phillips in talks to sell marketing & distribution divisions"
* Says no proposal has come before board on hiving off of marketing and distribution divisions of co Source text: (bit.ly/2n3ubKU) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Indian Bank
* Says to consider proposal for issue of long term bonds for financing of infrastructure and affordable housing up to INR 50 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Italy confirms Veneto banks will not face "bail-in" - minister
ROME, June 14 Italy's Economy Minister confirmed on Wednesday that the rescue of struggling lenders Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca will not involve a "bail-in" that would lead to losses for senior bondholders and depositors.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
BERLIN, April 29 Most Bayern Munich fans had hoped for more than just one title in coach Carlo Ancelotti's first season in charge.
But when Bayern sealed a record-extending fifth consecutive Bundesliga crown on Saturday with a 6-0 demolition of VfL Wolfsburg, most of them also breathed a big sigh of relief, knowing that the world was still in order.
Bayern had gone through what amounted to a mini-crisis in recent weeks, failing to win any of their last five matches in all competitions and being eliminated from the German Cup and Champions League.
After hopes of a possible treble-winning season drained away, Bayern saw their Bundesliga lead shrink from 13 points to seven before Saturday's win.
Their late-season wobble, however, never really put their championship chances at risk with Ancelotti's team having done all the heavy lifting earlier in the campaign to make sure they remained the dominant force in Germany for yet another season.
"The Bundesliga comes first," Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge had said, with each coach, including Ancelotti, making the league win their top priority.
Ancelotti took over from Spaniard Pep Guardiola and their styles could not have been more different. A control-obsessed coach, Guardiola had created a winning machine, capable of obliterating any opposition in Germany.
The Italian is far more hands-off, more interested in winning games than offering a goal bonanza or running their players into the ground.
They brushed off criticism over what some said was a too-light training regime while also comfortably handling their big-name players and ambitious club bosses, who never stopped backing him.
NARROW WINS
Ancelotti created an efficient team, capable of grinding out one-goal victories as easily as high-score wins. Sometimes they even seemed to prefer those narrow wins, saying they built character.
Bayern started off with five victories in a row to take control of the league early on and Thiago Alcantara quickly established themselves as their playmaker under Ancelotti.
Thomas Mueller's goal drought had little effect as Robert Lewandowski continued their scoring run from last season and kept them a few points ahead of their main title rivals, promoted RB Leipzig, whom they beat before the winter break.
With Borussia Dortmund playing an inconsistent season, Bayern had essentially only themselves to beat as Leipzig gradually ran out of steam and eventually dropped more than a dozen points off the pace.
The Bavarians may look less invincible than under Guardiola, with their backline shaky at times, but they still lost only twice in the league this season, conceding just 17 goals in 31 games.
The addition of several players, including Germany internationals Sebastian Rudy and Niklas Suele next season, will no doubt keep them as the main title contenders despite the retirement of captain Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso.
"I am retiring, Alonso is retiring. Of course there will be change at some point," Lahm said on Saturday. "But there won't be a big bang. The squad is already largely here." (Editing by Clare Fallon)
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
April 10 Paref SA:
* Announces the signing of agreements related to acquisition of Co by Fosun
* Announces the completion of acquisition should occur by the end of half year 2017
* Announces the signing of agreements relating to acquisition of 604,473 shares of co representing 50.01 percent of its share capital by Fosun, at price of 75 euros ($79.5) per share (2016 dividend attached)
* 2016 dividend shall be equal to 2.00 euros per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9434 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
March 29 Steadymed Ltd:
* Steadymed provides corporate update and reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results
* Q4 loss per share $0.12
* Steadymed Ltd- management believes company has enough cash to finance company into Q4 of 2017
* Steadymed Ltd- as of December 31, 2016, Steadymed had cash and cash equivalents of $23.2 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Enea
* Enea informs about increased financial significance of dispute with larger customer
* Says dispute has subsequently extended to now also include a one-sided price reduction that customer is introducing
* Based on the latest royalty report from the customer, the financial impact of the unilaterally introduced price cut is now growing
* The discrepancy between agreed price and the lower price the customer unilaterally is applying, was previously of limited financial significance but now represents a negative difference of more than 6 mln SEK in royalty for the second quarter of 2017 and is estimated to potentially reach between 20 and 30 mln SEK for the full year of 2017
* Enea invoices the customer according to the existing agreement and through dialogue and customary reminders urges the customer to pay accordingly Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
April 6 FB Financial Corp
* FB Financial Corporation expands board of directors
* FB Financial Corp - Expanded board to ten members from seven members
* FB Financial Corp - Elected J. Jonathan Ayers, James L. Exum and Emily J. Reynolds to fill new board seats
* FB Financial Corp - Ruth E. Johnson, a current board member of FB Financial, intends to retire from board of directors of company and Firstbank
* FB Financial Corp - Upon Johnson's departure, board will decrease to nine members Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa USA
By Hayden Wright
The holidays are a time for gathering with friends, family, and — if you're Lady Gaga — the Haus of Gaga. The Joanne singer and their creative team celebrated Christmas with an array of “naughty elf” costumes this weekend. Gaga's sister dressed up as Mrs. Claus and the “Born This Way” hitmaker dubbed themselves “Mistress Claus.”
Related: Lady Gaga Sends Prayers to California Wildfire Victims
Wearing long, pointy ears and a green bodysuit, Gaga merged the festive with the provocative. Them squad explored the theme in felt tree costumes, velvet capes and other campy fashions of the North Pole.
“We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears!” Gaga captioned the Instagram album. The singer is currently on tour promoting Joanne and preparing for the 2018 release of the film A Star Is Born. It was recently announced that Gaga would use their given name—Stefani Germanotta—in credits for the film.
Gaga wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year, here:
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year? #holiday #holidayparty #merrychristmas #happyholidays #naughty #nice #ladygaga #gaga A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:17pm PST
Happy Holidays from the #HausOfGaga. We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears! 🎄🎅🤶 #holiday #ladygaga #gaga #party photo by @alex.j.dolan A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:12pm PST
(Adds no comment from Byrd-Bennett's attorney)
By Timothy Mclaughlin
CHICAGO, April 28 A federal judge on Friday sentenced the former chief executive of the Chicago Public Schools to 4-1/2 years in prison for their role in a scheme to steer lucrative contracts to one of their previous employers in exchange for kickbacks and bribes, the Department of Justice said.
Barbara Byrd-Bennett was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Edmond Chang at a Chicago courthouse, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois said in a statement.
An attorney for Byrd-Bennett declined to comment.
"I'm ashamed and I'm sorry. I let down the students and their families. They deserved better," Byrd-Bennett said in court, the Chicago Tribune reported.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel in 2012 appointed Byrd-Bennett, a veteran education reformer, to head the district after the first teachers' strike in Chicago in 25 years. The district serves around 400,000 students in more than 600 schools.
"Barbara betrayed the public trust. They broke the law. They turned them back on the very children they were entrusted to serve, and the children of Chicago are owed much better than that," Emanuel said in a statement on Friday.
Byrd-Bennett resigned in June 2015 amid a federal probe into a $20.5 million no-bid contract for a principal training program the cash-strapped district had awarded to their previous employer, educational consulting firm SUPES Academy.
They pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud in October 2015 as part of a plea agreement and agreed to cooperate against two co-defendants in the case: the heads of SUPES and related firm Synesi Associates.
Byrd-Bennett maintained an interest in the companies through a secret consulting agreement, according to court documents. The agreement promised to pay them a percentage of the proceeds from the contracts they helped procure.
Gary Solomon and Thomas Vranas, who ran SUPES and Synesi, have both been sentenced for their roles in the scheme. Solomon was sentenced to seven years in prison by a federal judge in March and Vranas to 18 months on Friday, the Department of Justice said.
Byrd-Bennett was ordered to pay $15,000. They and their co-defendants also must jointly pay $254,000 in restitution to CPS.
The CPS system continues to face financial woes due to the state's broader fiscal problems.
A recent report by the Illinois State Board of Education indicated the school system had enough cash on hand on average this year to cover only 12 days of expenses. (Editing by Matthew Lewis and Bill Rigby)
April 28 SK No.3 Special Purpose Acquisition Co Ltd :
* Says it will be merged by SGA Systems Co., Ltd, a software company
* Says merger ratio is 1 : 1.7191726 between the two companies and 10,915,582 shares will be issued for the merger
* Expected merger date is Sep. 29
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/qMOXpp
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
CHARLESTON, S.C. Volvo Cars would suffer if the United States enacts taxes on imported goods, even as the company prepares to hire up to 4,000 workers for a new plant in South Carolina, the head of its North American operations said.
Volvo, a Swedish brand owned by China's Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd [0175.HK][GEELY.UL], is concerned about trade restrictions such as the border adjustment tax proposed by U.S. President Donald Trump and some of their fellow Republicans in Congress.
"It's very bad business for us unless we transfer all that extra money towards the list price," Volvo North America Chief Executive Officer Lex Kerssemakers told reporters at a Saturday briefing in Charleston, South Carolina. "The customer is the loser, or we are the loser. Everybody's the loser."
Volvo plans to open its $500 million South Carolina factory in late 2018. The plant, the only one in the automaker's worldwide network to build the S60 sedan, will employ 2,000 workers initially and 4,000 eventually.
The company also plans to carry out the final assembly of a second, still-unspecified vehicle at the plant.
Volvo decided in 2014 to locate its first North American factory in the United States, its largest market except for China, instead of in Mexico, Kerssemakers said.
Volvo is joining a long roster of Asian and European auto assemblers and parts makers investing in factories in the southern United States. Plants there and in Mexico have contributed to the decline in auto jobs in Midwest states such as Michigan, Ohio, Indiana and Wisconsin that were pivotal in Trump's campaign for the White House.
Trump has put pressure on automakers to create more jobs in the United States and warned that new taxes could apply to vehicles imported from Mexico.
Even after its South Carolina plant is running, Volvo still will import many of its models for the U.S. market.
"This is the only place in the world where we are going to build S60," Kerssemakers said. "People are moving to SUVs, but the sedan market is still the third- or fourth-biggest segment in the United States." Economic impact in South Carolina is expected to be about $4.8 billion.
Five retention ponds surrounding the plant are expected to attract alligators that live in nearby swamps, said Katarina Fjording, Volvo's manufacturing vice president for the Americas.
(Editing by Joe White and Lisa Von Ahn)
April 28 Transenterix Inc
* Transenterix announces pricing of $24.9 million public offering of common stock and warrants
* Pricing of $24.9 million public offering of common stock and warrants at a price of $1.00 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Wall Street ended lower on Wednesday after a late-afternoon reversal following signals from the Federal Reserve that it could change its bond investment policy this year, quenching a rally sparked by a strong private-sector jobs report.
Also investor concerns about the Trump administration's ability to deliver promised tax cuts were intensified by comments from lawmakers on deep divisions in Washington.
Most Federal Reserve policymakers think the U.S. central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet this year as long as the economic data holds up, Fed meeting minutes showed.
The minutes also showed "some participants viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures."
“Either it scared participants because of talk that sounds like maybe (the stock market) is bubbling, or there is some thought that the normalization of the balance sheet is going to harm growth ... or we are going to get more (rate) hikes” than already expected, said Janna Sampson, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois.
In a heavy volume trading day, The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI ended down 41.09 points, or 0.2 percent, at 20,648.15, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 7.21 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,352.95 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 34.13 points, or 0.58 percent, to 5,864.48.
The Dow posted its largest intra-day downside reversal in 14 months in Wednesday's session after shedding a gain of more than 198 points to end near the session low, which was a drop of nearly 50 points.
After the recent failure of the Republicans' healthcare legislation reform bill some investors had hoped this would bring President Donald Trump's tax-cutting promise closer to reality.
But U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that tax reform will take longer to accomplish than healthcare.
"It seems like it was a combination of hawkish Fed minutes, disappointment about the pace of tax reform and a pullback in crude prices" that reversed the rally, according to Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas.
"From my perspective, this is probably an unjustified emotional dip driven by several mixed signals."
Nine of the S&P's 11 major sectors finished lower, with financials leading the sell-off. Utilities .SPLRCU and Real Estate .SPLRCREC, the so-called defensive sectors, were the only two that ended higher.
Earlier in the day the S&P had risen as much as 0.8 percent and the Nasdaq hit a record high after private-sector jobs data blew past expectations.
Data showed that U.S. companies added 263,000 workers in March, the most since December 2014 and well above economists' expectations of 187,000.
The Nasdaq biotechnology index .NBI turned negative in the late afternoon to end down 1.4 percent.
This was likely because investors turned away from riskier investments this afternoon, said Chris Zaccarelli, Chief Investment Officer at Cornerstone Financial Partners in Huntersville, North Carolina.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.93-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.61-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 38 new 52-week highs and six new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 71 new highs and 69 new lows.
More than 7.58 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 6.8 billion average for the last 20 sessions.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos and Saqib Iqbal Ahmed in New York, Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish)
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross holds a news conference at the Department of Commerce in Washington, D.C., U.S. March 10, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
FILE PHOTO: Shipping containers sit at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, California in this aerial photo taken February 6, 2015. REUTERS/Bob Riha, Jr./File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A plane is seen during take off in New Jersey behind the Statue of Liberty in New York's Harbor as seen from the Brooklyn borough of New York February 20, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks between Vice President Mike Pence (L) and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt prior to signing an executive order on 'Energy Independence,' eliminating Obama-era climate change regulations, during an event at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) headquarters in Washington, U.S., March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump sought to push their crusade for fair trade and more manufacturing jobs back to the top of their agenda on Friday by ordering a study into the causes of U.S. trade deficits and a clampdown on import duty evasion.
The executive orders came a week after Trump's promise to replace Obamacare imploded in Congress and a week before they meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida, a summit that promises to be fraught with trade tensions.
Trump said at a White House signing ceremony that they and Xi were "going to get down to some serious business" next week and vowed that "the theft of American prosperity" by foreign countries would end.
One of the orders directed the Commerce Department and the U.S. trade representative to conduct a 90-day review of the causes of massive U.S. trade deficits. It will study the effects of abuses such as the dumping of products below costs, unfair subsidies, "misaligned" currencies and "non-reciprocal" trade practices by other countries.
"We're going to investigate all trade abuses, and, based on those findings, we will take necessary and lawful action to end those many abuses," Trump said, adding that they aren't beholden to any businesses.
Trump administration officials have said they plan tougher enforcement of U.S. trade remedy laws and will initiate more unilateral trade deals. In their 2016 White House bid, the New York business person campaigned heavily against free-trade deals and accused China of draining jobs from U.S. factory towns with cheap exports.
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang on Friday said the U.S.-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries' economic structures and noted that China had a trade deficit in services.
"China does not deliberately seek a trade surplus. We also have no intention of carrying out competitive currency devaluation to stimulate exports." Zheng told a briefing about the Xi-Trump meeting.
The study of trade abuses appeared aimed at justifying unilateral retaliatory trade actions by the United States, said Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative who is now an adjunct trade law professor at Fordham University in New York.
"They probably think it will give them better political ammunition," Gold said.
But they added that it would not likely reveal anything that is not already in the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative's annual list of trade barriers, which also was released on Friday. The report criticized China's excess industrial capacity and requirements for technology transfers and cybersecurity, which it said are aimed displacing foreign products with domestic versions.
The trade abuses study will focus on those countries that have chronic goods trade surpluses with the United States.
China tops the list, with a $347 billion surplus last year, followed by Japan, with a $69 billion surplus, Germany at $65 billion, Mexico at $63 billion, Ireland at $36 billion and Vietnam at $32 billion.
The study also will examine past trade deals that have failed to produce forecast benefits for the United States, as well as World Trade Organization rules that U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said do not treat countries equally, such as on taxation.
The United States has long complained that WTO rules allow exports from other countries to be exempt from value-added taxes (VAT), but do not allow equivalent corporate income tax benefits for U.S. exporters.
The Trump administration is considering a border tax that would be levied on imports and which would aim to put the United States on a similar tax basis for trade as countries that have VAT.
The second trade order will fight nonpayment and under-collection of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties the United States slaps on many foreign goods.
White House National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro said some $2.8 billion in such duties went uncollected between 2001 and the end of 2016 from companies in some 40 countries.
Navarro said the order directs the Commerce and Homeland Security departments to close these gaps by imposing tougher bonding requirements to ensure duty collections and new legal requirements for assessing risks associated with importers.
(Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore, Michael Perry, Lincoln Feast and Jonathan Oatis)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Sage Group Plc
* Interim dividend 5.22 penceper share
* H1 underlying basic eps rose 2 percent to 14.45 pence
* H1 17 organic 1 revenue growth of 6.4% (excluding north american payments) with stronger organic revenue growth in q2 of 7.0% (h1 16: 6.6%
* H1 17 underlying 1 revenue growth (including north american payments) of 5.7% with underlying growth in q2 of 6.3% (h1 16: 6.2%)
* Organic operating margin of 25.2% (h1 16: 25.6%) achieved, in line with front-loading investment into h1 which will support accelerating momentum in h2
* Organic operating profit £211m, up 5.0 percent
* Underlying basic eps 14.45p, up 2.0 percent
* We are very confident of exceeding our full year guidance of 6% revenue growth
* Reconfirm our guidance of at least 27% operating margin on an underlying basis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By London Bureau)
PRETORIA, March 30 South Africa's central bank kept its benchmark repo rate unchanged at 7 percent on Thursday, in line with expectations, saying the exchange rate had re-emerged as a risk to inflation following an increase in domestic political uncertainty.
All 30 economists surveyed in a Reuters poll last week unanimously predicted the central bank would keep interest rates on hold, most betting that a cut would only come in early 2018. (Reporting by TJ Strydom and Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Writing by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) " A look at Girona, Levante and Getafe as the promoted teams prepare for this weekend's opening of the Spanish league season.
___
GIRONA
The only complete newcomer to Spain's first division, Girona has a big brother behind it to help it take its first steps.
Advertisement
Manchester City has adopted Girona as one of its feeder clubs to give young players a chance to develop.
And with Girona promoted for the first time in its 87-year history, the English powerhouse has strengthened its relationship by sending more players to the upscale town of nearly 100,000 in northeastern Spain.
Girona's team spent a week training at City's installations in Manchester last month, and Pep Guardiola, who is from the same region of Catalonia, will take City to Girona on Tuesday to play a friendly at its Montilivi Stadium.
Spanish and English media have speculated in recent weeks that City is close to buying a large stake in the Catalan club. Nothing official has come of the rumors yet.
City players Marlos Moreno, Douglas Luiz and Aleix Garcia have arrived on loan this summer, joining the club's signings of striker Christian Stuani (Middlesbrough), goalkeeper Gorka Iraizoz (Athletic Bilbao), and Farid Boulaya (Bastia). Marc Muniesa has also joined on loan from Stoke City.
Girona faces a tough debut against Atletico Madrid on Saturday.
___
LEVANTE
Levante, always in the shadow of city rival Valencia, is back in the first division after a one-year absence.
Levante dominated Spain's second division last season, winning the title with 14 more points than runner-up Girona.
This season will be just its 12th in the first division, but its quick return after being relegated last summer shows the growth the small club has made over the past decade.
Its best ever campaign came in 2011-2012 when it had a dream season, rising to the top of the table before hanging on for a merit-worthy sixth-place finish.
Levante's main summer reinforcement is Ivory Coast midfielder Cheick Doukoure, who was signed from Metz.
Roger Marti led Levante last season with 22 goals. They will be looking to get some help from new arrivals Alex Alegria, on loan from Real Betis, and Ivan Lopez, who had played for Sevilla's reserve team.
Levante faces Villarreal on Monday.
___
GETAFE
The Spanish capital actually has room for clubs other than European powerhouses Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid.
One is Getafe, named for the gritty neighborhood it calls home. It is back after one season in the second tier.
Coach Jose Bordalas will make their debut in la Liga after more than 20 years of coaching in Spain's lower divisions.
Bordalas was very close to coaching in Spain's top flight one year ago, after they had helped Alaves win promotion. But Alaves opted to change coaches.
Out of a job, Bordalas took over Getafe last September, replacing Juan Esnaider after the team's poor start.
The 53-year-old Bordalas succeeded in turning Getafe's season around and steered it back into the top flight via the playoffs.
Getafe has reinforced its squad with Arsenal goalkeeper Damian Martinez, midfielder Markel Bergara, forward Faycal Fajr, and19-year-old Uruguayan defender Mathias Olivera among others.
Getafe visits Athletic Bilbao on Sunday.
April 12 Giglio Group SpA:
* Signs 7.2 million euro ($7.64 million) contract with Persidera
* The contract will run until 2020 for the distribution of the signal to the DTT Network
* Persidera is a company of the group TIM (70 pct controlled by TIM and 30 pct by Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9422 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury's top economic diplomat, David Malpass, on Friday accused China of enabling poor governance in Venezuela by propping up the socialist government of President Nicolas Maduro through murky oil-for-loan investments.
In a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, Malpass said China's focus on commodities and opaque financing deals had hurt, not helped, countries in the region.
Their attack on China's role in aiding the Venezuelan government came a day after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, ahead of a five-day tour of Latin America, raised the prospect of a Venezuelan military coup.
The Trump administration has imposed individual and economic sanctions on Venezuela's government for rights abuses and corruption. Maduro has accused Washington of seeking to oust them to improve access to the OPEC nation's oil wealth.
Malpass, Treasury's under secretary for international affairs, said Venezuela's economic crisis and lack of democratic rule were among the “biggest disappointments and disasters” of the region. Washington and the opposition blame Maduro's policies.
“Most of the blame for Venezuela's economic collapse and humanitarian disaster falls squarely on Venezuela's rulers, but China has been by far Venezuela's largest lender supporting poor governance,” Malpass said.
They said the international community and Venezuela's people would ultimately be left with rebuilding the country once democracy was restored.
“China denominated many of its loans to Venezuela in barrels of oil,” said Malpass. “This has the effects of masking the exact amount of payments that China made to Venezuelan officials and that Venezuelans are expected to make to China in the future,” they added.
Cooperation between China and the region was based on common interests and mutual needs, the Xhinhua state news agency said quoting the Chinese foreign ministry, and investments are in line with local laws.
“China is a major international buyer of Latin American bulk commodities, and imports more and more agricultural and high value-added products from the region,” Xhinhua reported, quoting spokesperson Hua Chunying.
China has said it is confident in Venezuela's ability to properly handle its debts. Venezuela has borrowed billions of dollars from Russia and China, primarily through oil-for-loan deals that have crimped the country's hard currency revenue by requiring oil shipments to be used to service those loans.
Since 2007 China has loaned more than $50 billion to Venezuela through an oil-for-loans arrangement that helped Caracas reduce reliance on U.S. energy markets. But the flow of funds from Beijing has slowed since 2014, when abundant crude oil led to a crash in oil markets and made China less interested in maintaining its alliance with Venezuela.
Malpass also expressed concern at a decision by the Washington-based Inter-American Development Bank, the biggest lender to the region, to hold its 2019 annual meeting in China, saying the gathering should be held in the Americas.
“The Bank's 60th anniversary is an important milestone to celebrate the Bank's accomplishments ... and it would be fitting to hold the meeting in the hemisphere among major donors and borrowers,” Malpass said.
The IADB did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Malpass criticism.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
ABUJA Nigeria's lower house of parliament has set up a committee to investigate the circumstances surrounding the award of oil prospecting licence (OPL) 245, the committee chairperson said on Wednesday.
Courts in Nigeria and Italy are investigating the purchase of the offshore block which was initially awarded in 1998 to Malabu Oil and Gas, in a disputed deal, before Royal Dutch Shell and Eni were awarded the rights in 2011.
The House of Representatives mandated the committee to "conduct a thorough examination of the process and circumstances surrounding OPL 245 and identify culpability of any persons, groups or organisations," committee chairperson Razak Atunwa said in an emailed statement.
"The committee is aware of recent information that have come to light, both nationally and internationally, indicating that former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan may have been complicit in the controversial OPL 245 deal," said the statement.
The statement said the committee was "considering inviting them to give evidence" on the grounds that they "may well be in a position to assist it with its inquiries".
Jonathan's spokesperson issued a statement on Tuesday in which they said allegations that the former president benefited from the proceeds of the oil block's sale were entirely false.
Shell on Tuesday said it was aware that some of the payments it made to Nigeria for rights to the oilfield in the 2011 deal would go to a company associated with former Nigerian oil minister and convicted money launderer Dan Etete.
(Reporting by Camillus Eboh; writing by Alexis Akwagyiram, editing by David Evans)
A meal consisting of a Quarter Pounder hamburger, french fries and soft-drink is pictured at a McDonald's restaurant in Los Angeles, California July 23, 2008. REUTERS/Fred Prouser
Fast food chain McDonald's Corp said on Thursday it would make its popular "Quarter Pounder" hamburgers with fresh beef, prepared when ordered, by mid-2018 in most of its U.S. restaurants.
Investors and analysts said the move, which would compete with rival Wendy's Co's promise of "fresh never frozen beef", could bolster sales but would require restaurant operators to make changes to cooking routines that could slow service.
It was not immediately clear what impact the use of fresh beef would have on margins at McDonald's USA, which does not disclose what percentage of sales come from the Quarter Pounder.
McDonald's U.S. restaurants have suffered four straight years of traffic declines, resulting in 500 million lost transactions since 2012.
The multiyear turnaround plan launched by Chief Executive Steve Easterbrook has included menu changes that address consumers' demands for fresher, simpler food.
To that end, its U.S. restaurants have swapped butter for margarine in Egg McMuffins and stopped buying chicken meat from birds raised with antibiotics important to human health.
"They're trying to get people to give them another shot," said Trip Miller, managing partner at Gullane Capital Partners, which holds 20,000 McDonald's shares.
The question is whether the change will slow down service at restaurants, which are used to cooking frozen beef patties then holding them for use as needed, Miller said.
Diners "say they want fresh and healthier, but they want it faster than ever," they said.
Morningstar analyst R.J. Hottovy said the move to fresh beef could lift sales, although likely not to the degree associated with all-day breakfast after its debut in late 2015.
"I don't think it will move the needle like all-day breakfast did," said Hottovy, who noted that the switch also will require restaurants to train workers how to safely handle fresh meat.
Wendy's teased its bigger rival with a Twitter message reading: "@McDonald's So you'll still use frozen beef in MOST of your burgers in ALL of your restaurants? Asking for a friend."
McDonald's said it tested the new Quarter Pounders in about 400 restaurants in the Dallas-Fort Worth area and in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
John Nalivka, president of meat consultancy Sterling Marketing, said there is not yet enough information on the quantity and cost of the fresh beef McDonald's would be buying to know how that could affect the beef market or the company's margins.
(Reporting by Jessica Kuruthukulangara and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru and Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Andrew Hay)
Screenshot: Darkwizard98 (Reddit)
Someone on the Sea of Thieves subreddit asked Rare for a day one patch. Not, like, an update to fix the game or anything, but a literal patch with the number one on it for people's characters to wear. Today, the company obliged.
It was 19 days ago that user Jefabell first made the request, writing, “Dear Rare, don't miss the opportunity to release a ‘Day One Patch' eye-patch with the game's Day One Patch.” In addition to the “patch” pun, Sea of Thieves is also a pirate game, the perfect opportunity to poke fun at the recent trend of companies shipping games that are somewhat broken and need big updates right when they're released in order to work properly. (Although the game's official release is tomorrow, people who pre-ordered are able to download and start playing today.)
Earlier today, Reddit user Darkwizard98 uploaded a picture of the day one eye-patch for all to see. “A message in a bottle from Jolly Jefabell washed ashore,” reads the item's description. “Eye patch makers read it and say ‘aye'.” Well played. And here's what it looks like in action:
Screenshot: Darkwizard98 (Imgur)
The eye-patch only costs one gold piece, so anyone who wants one can get in on the joke, but it's only available until March 29.
Come Cruise with Chris Salem to Cuba! We are filling up rooms fast.
Contact
Chris Salem
***@brucegoldwell.com Chris Salem
End
-- Calling Speakers, Authors, Entrepreneurs:Come Sail & Celebrate the 5th Anniversary of the LeadHERship Empowerment Cruise!Aboard the Luxurious Royal Caribbean! Setting Sail From Tampa, FloridaSaturday, Nov. 4th to Friday Nov. 10th, 2017.This is a Cruise for Speakers and Authors. Come polish your business speaking skills, meet with and learn from award-winning elite speakers, best-selling authors and coaches... expand their speaking territory, monetize your message, develop sales, marketing and networking skills. All this on a sunny, relaxing luxury cruise ship bound for paradise, and -not- in a cold, stuffy hotel or conference room.This is a Cruise for Fun and Leisure and fantastic island excursions, two full days in Cuba to explore culture, cuisine! Duty-free shopping, balmy beach strolls, relaxing spas, ship's Broadway-style shows, dancing, musical entertainment, karaoke. Come rest, relax, rejuvenate in paradise.This is a Cruise for Giving Back through "Voluntoursim:"Distributing toiletries, inspiration, empowerment message to the people of Havana Conduct humanitarian community service and acts of kindness on the island through organization that serves Havana's women and children in need. Secure you cabin now while they last.Don't miss the boat setting sail for 5th Anniversary of the LeadHERship Empowerment Cruise.Http://www.leadhershipcruise.com
HAMILTON, New Zealand (AP) — New Zealand beat the West Indies by 240 runs Tuesday in the second cricket test to win the two-test series 2-0:
_____
New Zealand 286-7 (Jeet Raval 84, Colin de Grandhomme 58, Kane Williamson 43, Trent Boult 37 not out; Shannon Gabriel 4-119, Kemar Roach 3-58, Miguel Cummins 2-57) and 291-8 decl. (Ross Taylor 107 not out, Kane Williamson 54; Miguel Cummins 3-69, Rohan Chase 2-51, Shannon Gabriel 2-52) def, West Indies 221 (Kraigg Brathwaite 66, Shane Dowrich 35; Trent Boult 4-73, Tim Southee 2-34, Colin de Grandhomme 2-40, Neil Wagner 2-73) and 203 (Roston Chase 64, Kemar Roach 32, Raymon Reifer 29; Neil Wagner 3-42, Mitchell Santner 2-13, Trent Boult 2-52, Tim Southee 2-72).
April 20 (Gracenote) - Results from the UEFA Europa League Quarterfinal second leg matches on Thursday Quarterfinal Thursday, April 20, second leg Besiktas (Turkey) - Olympique Lyon (France) 2-1 (halftime: 1-1, 90 mins: 2-1, penalty shootout: 6-7) First leg: Olympique Lyon - Besiktas 2-1. Olympique Lyon win 7-6 on penalties after 3-3 on aggregate. Manchester United (England) - Anderlecht (Belgium) 2-1 (halftime: 1-1, 90 mins: 1-1) AET First leg: Anderlecht - Manchester United 1-1. Manchester United win 3-2 on aggregate. Racing Genk (Belgium) - Celta Vigo (Spain) 1-1 (halftime: 0-0) First leg: Celta Vigo - Racing Genk 3-2. Celta Vigo win 4-3 on aggregate. Schalke 04 (Germany) - Ajax Amsterdam (Netherlands) 3-2 (halftime: 0-0, 90 mins: 2-0) AET First leg: Ajax Amsterdam - Schalke 04 2-0. Ajax Amsterdam win 4-3 on aggregate.
The logo of French food group Danone is seen during a news conference to present the company's 2015 annual results in Paris, France, February 23, 2016. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
WASHINGTON French food group Danone SA (DANO.PA) has won U.S. antitrust approval to buy U.S. organic food producer WhiteWave Foods Co WWAV.N, the Justice Department said on Monday.
To win approval for the $10.4 billion deal, Danone agreed to sell its leading U.S. organic yoghurt business Stonyfield Farms, the department said.
Danone did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
In July, the French company announced plans to buy WhiteWave in its largest acquisition since 2007, a move it said would double the size of its U.S. business.
Danone's brands include Dannon, Evian, Bonafont and the medical nutrition brand Nutricia. The purchase of WhiteWave, Danone's largest acquisition since 2007, will help it woo affluent consumers who buy WhiteWave's health food offerings such as Silk almond milk and Earthbound Farm organic salad.
But the Justice Department said in its complaint that the deal could hurt both organic milk sellers and buyers in the northeastern United States because WhiteWave and longtime Danone partner CROPP Cooperative are the top purchasers of raw organic milk in the United States.
CROPP provides 90 percent of the organic milk and other dairy products used in Stonyfield products. In addition to selling Stonyfield, Danone will also sever the strategic partnership with CROPP as a condition for buying WhiteWave, the Justice Department said.
The French company announced in July plans to buy WhiteWave in its largest acquisition since 2007, a move it said at the time would double the size of its U.S. business.
WhiteWave has been seen as an attractive target since it was spun off from Dean Foods in 2012.
WhiteWave, which specializes in organic products, has outperformed mainstream packaged food businesses in recent years as consumers shift toward natural foods and healthier eating.
Danone said it expected the deal to increase its influence with retailers, particularly for in-store promotions and shelf space.
(Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Sandra Maler and David Gregorio)
Sparrow and Kennedy seeking Full-Time Parts Clerk for the Manning Store
Last Updated: February 2, 2018 at 3:49 pm
Sparrow & Kennedy Tractor Company is seeking a full-time Parts Clerk at the Manning location. For more information, please contact Jeff at 803-435-8807.
Any applicants may also drop off resumes at our store
Sparrow & Kennedy Tractor
305 E Boyce Street
Manning, SC 29102
Mon. – Fri. 7:30- 5:30
Sat: 8:00-12:00
Dongsanqi village is the latest community to be demolished under a municipal campaign to dismantle what the city authority says are unsafe dwellings following years of "disorderly" development.
March 30 Aurum Pacific-:
* Discloseable Transaction - Acquisition Of Stars Ventures Limited
* Deal at consideration of hk$32.4 million
* Purchaser has conditionally agreed to acquire from vendor entire issued share capital of target
* Expected that acquisition will contribute to revenues, profits, and customer-base of group's it is business
* Profile venture ltd entered into agreement with grand pilot group limited
Source text (bit.ly/2nDdLru)
Further company coverage:
A Goldman Sachs sign is displayed inside the company's post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Goldman Sachs Group Inc's (GS.N) compensation plan received the approval of 93 percent of shareholders at the bank's annual meeting on Friday after the pay structure for Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein was simplified.
The vote was a turnaround from last year, when Goldman's "say on pay" resolution received only 66 percent support. Among Russell 3000 companies, approval for executive pay averaged 91 percent in 2016, according to consulting firm Semler Brossy.
Goldman's annual meeting in the bank's Jersey City, New Jersey, office was a quiet affair, with no shareholder proposals up for a vote.
That was not the case for some other large banks. Wells Fargo & Co's (WFC.N) annual meeting this week was interrupted repeatedly by angry shareholders, while environmental protesters concerned about damage from the Dakota pipeline briefly disrupted Citigroup Inc's (C.N) meeting.
Goldman awarded Blankfein $22 million in 2016, a 4 percent decline from the prior year to reflect lower revenue in the first half of the year..
The bank revamped Blankfein's compensation structure by tying all of their equity awards to performance. It also eliminated a long-term incentive award.
The changes came after some shareholders raised concerns that the pay structure was too complex.
Proxy firm Institutional Shareholder Services Inc endorsed Goldman's pay plan for 2016 after urging shareholders to vote against last year's proposal.
Goldman shareholders also backed the reelection of the board of directors.
(Reporting by Olivia Oran; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Lisa Von Ahn)
FILE PHOTO - Cuba's President Raul Castro attends an ALBA alliance summit to mark the fourth anniversary of the death of Venezuela's late President Hugo Chavez in Caracas, Venezuela, March 5, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
HAVANA Cuban President Raul Castro participated in an "intimate and simple family ceremony" on Tuesday interring the ashes of their sister Agustina del Carmen Castro Ruz, according to state television.
Agustina was the youngest of the seven Castro siblings, including Raul and Fidel, who together have run the island nation for nearly 60 years.
Agustina, who kept a low public profile, died on Sunday in Havana at the age of 78, according to Cuba's state television. Them death came four months after that of Fidel, who led Cuba's 1959 revolution and built a communist state on the doorstep of the United States.
Them cremated remains were interred at the cemetery of the family home in Biran in eastern Cuba, the broadcaster said.
Raul Castro, 85, has vowed to step down as president in 2018 at the end of their second five-year term. However they will remain first secretary of the Communist Party for three years after they step down as president, retaining significant power.
(Reporting by Sarah Marsh; Editing by Bill Trott)
(Adds "involving animals" to clarify context in 6th paragraph)
By Suzanne Barlyn
March 30 Bedbugs in hotel rooms and aggressive peacocks are some of the creatures behind an uptick in animal-related insurance claims filed by U.S. businesses, according to a study published on Thursday by insurer Allianz SE .
U.S. claims involving bedbugs increased 50 percent between 2014 and 2015, from 66 to 99, according to Allianz. The insurer has already counted 70 bedbug claims through September 2016, heading for a total that could surpass the previous year's, said Larry Crotser, the chief claims officer for the insurer's Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty unit.
The findings were included in a global report by the Allianz unit, which analyzed more than 100,000 corporate liability claims from roughly 100 countries paid by Allianz and other insurers between 2011 and 2016, totaling $9.3 billion. The claims involved everything from aviation to cybersecurity.
The analysis included nearly 1,880 U.S. animal-related business liability claims, representing about 2 percent of all commercial claims in the study.
Animal claims increased 28 percent between 2011 and 2015, from 287 to 365, according to Allianz. The average animal-related liability claim is about $10,400, with all animal claims totaling nearly $20 million.
Bedbugs accounted for 21 percent of U.S. business liability claims involving animals. Some claims, however, were peculiar, such as a hotel guest whose room was invaded by a flying squirrel and another whose hearing aid and slippers were destroyed by a rodent. Two claims involved people who were attacked by aggressive peacocks, according to the study.
Bedbugs, found on every continent except Antarctica, have been biting people for thousands of years. Widespread insecticide use in homes after World War Two eliminated them from many regions, but bedbugs developed pesticide resistance and rebounded, thriving in heated homes and hitching rides in luggage in international travel.
Hotel companies typically file insurance claims to cover costs of reimbursing guests who encountered bedbugs during their stays and inadvertently brought the insects home in their suitcases, causing infestations, Crotser said.
Those guests then look to the hotel company to pay for fumigating their homes. Commercial bedbug claims averaged $5,660, an Allianz spokesperson said.
Deer incidents, such as collisions with farm vehicles, were the most common involving animals, accounting for 58 percent of U.S. animal-related liability claims insurers received.
Other business claims involved damage from dogs, roaming cattle, horses, cats, rodents, snakes and sheep. (Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn; Editing by Leslie Adler)
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
April 5 Great Panther Silver Ltd:
* Great Panther Silver announces management changes
* Great Panther Silver Ltd - Robert Archer, president and CEO, has advised that they will be stepping down during 2017
* Great Panther Silver - Archer will remain in their current executive role until a successor has been appointed, and thereafter as a member of board. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Spectators are seen reflected in a British Petroleum sponsors building in Olympic Park at the London 2012 Paralympic Games September 6, 2012. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
TORONTO/CALGARY BP Plc (BP.L) is considering the sale of its stakes in three Canadian oil sands projects, people familiar with the matter told Reuters this week, as part of the British oil company's strategy of retreating from noncore businesses.
BP's 50 percent stake in the Sunrise project near Fort McMurray in Alberta, where Husky Energy Inc (HSE.TO) owns the rest and is the operator, is the most valuable of the three assets. BP'S Sunrise stake is valued at about $810 million, based on recent transactions in the sector.
It also owns a 50 percent stake in Pike, operated by Devon Energy Corp (DVN.N), which is still awaiting a final investment decision, and is majority-owner of the Terre de Grace oil sands pilot project.
A BP spokesperson declined to comment. Sources declined to be named as the information is confidential.
The three projects are located in northeastern Alberta.
BP has discussed with advisers the possibility of selling the stakes, though no final decision has been made, the people added.
If the sale proceeds, BP would deploy capital in more attractive regions, such as the Permian basin in the United States, where the rate of return tends to be higher, one of the people said.
BP's planned move comes after other global energy majors, including ConocoPhillips (COP.N) and Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) have cut their exposure to Canada's oil sands operations, which are among the world's most expensive oil plays to develop.
Faced with a lower oil price environment and challenging economics, which include high-cost operations and carbon taxes, global players are increasingly put off by the oil sands.
Reuters reported last week that U.S. oil producer Chevron Corp (CVX.N) was exploring the sale of its 20 percent stake in Canada's Athabasca Oil Sands project, which could fetch about $2.5 billion.
BP is focussing its operations in Egypt, Azerbaijan, the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea and Trinidad in the coming years.
Husky said in February that current production at the Sunrise project is about 36,000 barrels of oil per day. It is in the process of ramping up the project to full capacity of 60,000 bpd but progress has been slower than expected and the company is drilling extra wells to try to speed up production. Husky lowered the 2017 production forecast to 40,000-44,000 bpd from 60,000 bpd.
While Husky is not keen to increase its exposure to the oil sands, it may consider buying BP's stake if the price is attractive, two sources said.
Husky spokesperson Mel Duvall declined to comment on whether the company had discussed buying BP's stake in Sunrise.
"We take a look at everything, but we have a number of organic growth opportunities," they added.
($1 = 1.3475 Canadian dollars)
(Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Nia Williams in Calgary; Additional reporting by Ron Bousso in London, Ethan Lou in Calgary, Alberta; and David French in New York; Editing by Denny Thomas and Matthew Lewis)
Police in Christchurch are helping the Fire Service with evacuations because of a "concerning wind shift".
Worsleys Rd and the streets that intersect with it are being evacuated. The road is currently closed from Cashmere Road to the public.
There are also evacuations in the neighbouring hill suburb of Westmorland.
Earlier today, staff at Christchurch Adventure Park have been evacuated due to the wildfire threatening the main village.
Yesterday and early today the top section of the park was hit by the fire.
However, the fire moved down the valley towards the main buildings "very quickly", park spokesperson Anne Newman told 1 NEWS, prompting the evacuation of staff at 1.45pm.
For more on this story, watch 1 NEWS at 6pm. Source: 1 NEWS
They said the fire was "well out of control".
Police this afternoon announced that Worsley Rd neeced to be closed due to a dangerous wind shift, and evacuations are also underwat in Westmorland.
Strong winds overnight fanned one of the fires on the Port Hills, forcing the evacuation of 100 residents and threatening a newly reopened heritage building.
The Summit Road fire is tracking over the hill towards Governors Bay, and is 150 metres from The Sign Of The Kiwi Cafe - a heritage building.
Helicopters collect water for monsoon buckets at Halswell Quarry to help battle Port Hills fire. Source: Vicky Mills Source: Supplied
Civil Defence now says moderate easterly winds are helping with the fire fighting effort at Governors Bay and winds are forecast to change to northeasterlies later today.
About 107 Governors Bay residents were evacuated between 2am and 3am from their homes.
Some of the residents sought shelter at Governors Bay Fire station while others are staying with friends and family.
People that live on the Governors Bay streets of Bay Heights, Lachie Griffen Rise and Clem Paterson Ln are now allowed to return to their homes.
Residents evacuated from the Teddington, Ohinetahi and Alandale areas overnight can return to their homes from midday today.
More than a 120 personnel are fighting the blazes including 15 helicopters and two aircraft.
No further property damage has been reported overnight, and Christchurch Hospital reports that it has received no patients relating to the fires.
The Christchurch Council Emergency Operations Centre is now winding down.
Smoke in the air should be avoided - officials
Medical Officer Dr Alistair Humphrey said smoke has noticeably spread over the city, particularly in the surrounding hill suburbs.
"For the vast majority of people, the smoke will be unpleasant, but carries no risk to their health," they said.
A haze of smoke over Christchurch caused by the Port Hills fires. Source: Supplied
"However, smoke may irritate the eyes, nose, throat and airways. More serious symptoms include runny or sore eyes, dry or sore throat, sore nose, cough, tightness of the chest or difficulty breathing.
"Avoid exposure where possible by staying indoors and closing windows and doors," Dr Humphrey said.
Civil Defence advises of the following road closures:
April 13 Guangdong Land Holdings Ltd
* Expected to record an unaudited profit attributable of not less than HK$5 million for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Expected results due to decrease in revenue generated from sale of residential units of Ruyingju Project when compared to same period last year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sussex Cricket welcomed more than 600 primary and secondary school pupils to The 1st Central County Ground over the course of two recent Sussex Sharks one-day matches.
Groups from 19 schools across the county attended the Royal London One-Day Cup fixtures against Kent Spitfires on Friday 17th May and Middlesex on Friday 25th May.
This is the third year of the Sussex Cricket Foundation schools days which provide 5 to 16-year-olds the opportunity to attend a professional cricket match free of charge.
The aim is to inspire the next generation of cricketers in Sussex and to develop a passion for cricket amongst young people in the county whether through participating or spectating.
A range of activities were available on the days, including batting, bowling and fielding simulators, visits to the Sussex Cricket Museum and the opportunity to play cricket on the pitch during intervals.
One hundred and ninety of the children who attended the two matches purchased a Sussex Cricket Youth or Junior Membership, giving them access to all of Sussex CCC and Sussex Sharks' remaining home Specsavers County Championship and Royal London One-Day Cup fixtures. Both Membership categories are available for just one pound.
Reflecting on the two schools days, Sussex Cricket's Youth Participation Manager Gary Wallis-Tayler said: ““It has been great to see so many schools support this fantastic initiative which provides children with the opportunity to experience a live sporting event. The opportunity for children to watch and play on the same ground as our professional players can only inspire and hopefully develop a passion for cricket in the future”
Tony Whittington who led a group from Blatchington Mill High School in Hove that included a number of pupils completing Sussex Cricket's Young Leaders in Cricket Award said: “It was a great experience for all of our students to come and visit Sussex Cricket and we thank them for their excellent hospitality. It was also a fantastic experience for our sports leaders to assist Sussex Cricket Foundation coaches with the activities that took place around the ground.”
Paul Showell from Southwater Junior Academy added: “We brought 54 children along to the Sussex Schools Day and every one of them enjoyed a fantastic day! We had so many positive comments from pupils and parents alike, some of which have never experienced a live sporting event before. Among our 54 pupils attending, we had several regular watchers and players of cricket, and also lots watching for the very first time We loved having the opportunity to play on the outfield in between innings' and loved using the various simulators!”
The schools in attendance over the two days were Blatchington Mill High School in Hove, Durrington High, Forest School in Horsham, Sackville School in East Grinstead, Oriel High School in Crawley, Hazelwick School in Sussex, St Wilfrid's in Crawley, St Paul's Catholic College in Burgess Hill, Battle Abbey School, Durrington Junior School, Goldstone Primary in Hove, Gossops Green Primary in Crawley, St Margaret's in Brighton, Worthing High School, St Pauls Primary, St Mary's Primary in Brighton, Carden Primary in Brighton, Southwater Junior Academy and Westdene Primary in Brighton.
Sussex Cricket will be hosting further schools visits during the Specsavers County Championship match against Durham at Arundel Castle Cricket Club on Wednesday 20th, Thursday 21st and Friday 22nd June. More details are available by contacting gary.wallis-tayler@sussexcricket.co.uk.
Youth and Junior Memberships are available for one pound via the Sussex Cricket website or by calling 0844 264 0206.
Finch is minded to stay strong for Sussex
Jordan joins Archer in returning to Sussex after IPL stint
More than 50 Sussex clubs to host All Stars Cricket sessions for kids
NEW DELHI, April 10 An Indian government body has recommended imposing duties on some steel products imported from China, Japan and Russia, reinforcing New Delhi's tough stance despite complaints from some of the targeted countries.
The Directorate General of Anti-Dumping and Allied Duties (DGAD) suggested imposing definitive anti-dumping duties on cold-rolled and hot-rolled flat steel products, according to circulars released on Monday. The government usually accepts DGAD's recommendations.
"It is noted that dumped imports from the subject countries have adversely impacted the performance of the domestic industry," one of the circulars said.
Last month, Japan asked the World Trade Organization (WTO) to set up a dispute settlement panel to examine India's duties on steel imports which it says may violate WTO rules.
Earlier this year, Indian Steel Secretary Aruna Sharma told Reuters there was a "strong case" for imposing long-term anti-dumping duties on up to 124 steel products.
Between April and January, India's steel imports fell 38 percent year-on-year, data from a government body showed, primarily due to the slew of protection measures announced by the government.
Indian steelmakers such as JSW Steel and Steel Authority of India had asked for stronger measures to protect them from cheaper imports from China, Japan, Russia and South Korea.
For details on the circulars, see: bit.ly/2oRiWFZ and bit.ly/2oYxBMq (Reporting by Neha Dasgupta; Editing by Mark Potter)
SHANGHAI, April 9 Lewis Hamilton predicted their 2017 tussle with Sebastian Vettel will be one of the closest ever title runs after the two dominant Formula One drivers set the pace in this year's championship.
Hamilton struck back at their Ferrari rival in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix, winning the 56-lap race ahead of the German, a fortnight after Vettel beat the Mercedes driver in the season-opener in Australia.
The duo, who between them have won the drivers' title for six of the last seven seasons, are locked on 43 points apiece on top of the standings heading into the next round in Bahrain.
“I think it's going to be one of the closest ones, if not the closest, I've personally ever experienced,” Hamilton said on the podium.
“I love this fight that we're having."
The 32-year-old is no stranger to close title runs.
Hamilton finished tied on points with then teammate Fernando Alonso in 2007, the McLaren pair ending the season one point behind champion Kimi Raikkonen of Ferrari.
They also won two of their three titles in last-race showdowns. In 2008, they beat Ferrari's Felipe Massa to their debut title by passing a car on the last corner of the final lap of the last race.
The last three seasons were spent battling it out with Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg, with the title charge twice going down to the wire.
But Hamilton is yet to test against themselves against Vettel, who swept to four successive titles with Red Bull before Mercedes began their three-year spell of dominance.
“The scenario I'm in right now, I'm up fighting against a four-time world champion who is at their best and they are phenomenally quick,” said Hamilton.
“The ultimate fighter always wants to go up against the best… because then when you come out on top, it's just so much more satisfying.”
For their part Vettel, who hopes to emulate boyhood hero Michael Schumacher by winning the title for Ferrari, is also excited about measuring themselves against the driver who succeeded them as champion.
“He's proven to be one of the quickest drivers on the grid,” Vettel said after their win in Australia.
“I would love to have a close battle.” (Editing by Pritha Sarkar)
MOSCOW, April 12 Russian President Vladimir Putin has started a meeting in the Kremlin with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, a spokesperson for the U.S. embassy in Moscow said on Wednesday, citing Kremlin officials.
The Kremlin had previously declined to confirm that such a meeting would take place during Tillerson's visit, reflecting tensions over a U.S. missile strike on Syria, a staunch Russian ally, last week. (Reporting by Polina Devitt and Yeganeh Torbati; Writing by Andrew Osborn; Editing by Christian Lowe)
AIKEN COUNTY, S.C. (WJBF) – This remote section of Aiken County is a long way from the streets of Philadelphia, but their Super Bowl pick is only natural.
“The Eagles of course”, says Paul Koehler
“Around here I think we're going to go with the Eagles,” said Brandon Heitkamp.
Around here is the Silverbluff Audubon Center. It's for the birds.
“We got some bald eagles here so I have no choice but to root that way,” says Brandon.
Here's the eagles locker room: a giant nest high in pine tree.
They've been eagle fans for years here.
“We've got a nesting pair that's been here since 1994”, says Paul who is the director.
Here's a picture Forest Roberts took of the eagle at Silverbluff. Just look. The eagle is our national symbol, eagles come to play.
“When they soar, on the ponds they'll soar right over head it will send a chill now your spine,” said Brandon.
But these eagles need to be flagged for delay of game, they're not showing up, we fear a super shut out.
“We're a little unlucky hopefully the eagles show on Sunday,” said Brandon.
But if you want to get back into the game, you take to the air.
Here comes our Silverbluff eagle. Go eagles go! Way to make the big play.
“Alright perfect,” said Paul.
Now these eagles are not playing in the Super Bowl but they do have the pressure of being the national symbol.
And you know who loves the national symbol…Patriots.
“I think you can't go wrong either way,” said Brandon.
“Tie them both together, we can't lose can we?” said Paul.
Yes even patriots love it when the eagles make a touch down.
Out There Somewhere at Silverbluff, George Eskola WJBF NewsChannel 6.
A cross-section of people belonging to pro-Buhari groups, on Monday, said that President Muhammadu Buhari has not violated any section of the constitution due to their prolonged medical vacation in London.
The groups said this during a solidarity walk in support of President Buhari at the Unity Fountain, Abuja.
It would be recalled that an anti-Buhari group had called for the resignation of President Muhammadu Buhari, due to their ailment.
Mr Abubakar Waiya, the Secretary General, Conference of Patriotic Nigerians, said that the support was imperative as Mr President has not violated any section of the constitution.
“It is unfortunate that some people with questionable characters, people that are not supposed to talk, they are coming to talk on our behalf.
“Today, we are saying that they are not representing us and we are here to say, as Nigerians we believed in President Buhari.
“Therefore, we believed that they are all political jobbers and they are not speaking our minds and they are not representing the entire Nigeria.
“We are also here to tell the whole world that Buhari we voted for, that we will stand by him,” they said.
They called on Nigerians to pray for the quick recuperation of Mr President and also to support the fight against corruption.
Ms Maryam Shettima, National Coordinator, “I StandWithBuhari'', said the rally was to reiterate their support for President Buhari.
“The president is the man of the people and they have capacity to rebuild the nation no matter their health condition, they have done a good work and has shown seriousness and fairness,'' they said.
According to Shettima, President Buhari has not violated any section of the constitution because they rightfully handed over power, as specified in the constitution to their vice, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo.
“So, we will stand with him, even though everyone is entitled to their own opinion,'' they added.
Mr Adamu Kagarko, APC's Media Agent from Kaduna, said that the walk was organised by a group of concerned citizens of Nigeria who supported the president and wished them good health.
Kagarko called on Nigerians to show concern and understanding to President Buhari's health condition, saying that they were trusted to lead the nation.
They added that the rally was also to send message to the anti-Buhari's group to reconsider their stand, and change their mind.
Newsmen report that the protest carried placards with various inscriptions like, “Buhari we stand with you totally, “We must fight corruption or corruption will fight you back.
Others are, “We demand for good governance not cheap popularity and insensitivity, “PMB we love you, get well soon,'' among others.
NAN
April 13 Difference Capital Financial Inc :
* Difference Capital announces resignation of chief financial officer
* Difference Capital Financial Inc - Victor Duong, chief financial officer, has resigned from company
* Difference Capital Financial Inc - Duong remains available to DCF on a consulting basis
* Difference Capital Financial Inc - Tom Astle, chief investment officer of DCF, will act as interim chief financial officer during this process
* Difference Capital Financial Inc - board is undertaking a review of company's resource requirements with respect to its finance department Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Olivia Lambert
A couple's dream of buying a home turned into a nightmare when it was abruptly taken away from them two years after paying for it.
Jade and Edward Roberts bought a home in Croydon, in Melbourne's east, in 2015. They bought it off the plan - committing to buy a property that hasn't yet been built - for $399,000 ($429,922) but received a discount of $15,000.
"We had decided it was time we wanted to buy a house and we started looking at already established houses," Jade Roberts told news.com.au.
Advertisement
"We went through the process. For example, there was one house we really liked and put in an offer for but it was sold for $100,000 more than what they said it would.
"Somebody told us they saw this particular development in Croydon and it was trying to sell the last few homes and knocking off $15,000 and wiping the stamp duty.
"It was going to be ready by the end of [2015]. We wanted something straight away but thought there were only a few more months to wait to get such a good deal. We thought it was perfect," Roberts said.
The developer kept pushing the moving date back three months at a time and Roberts said there was always a different reason.
"We kept holding out hope but another Christmas would go by and we kept trying to be positive. We believed the stories because you know what building can be like," they said.
The couple recently got married and on the first day of their honeymoon in Rome they received an email from lawyers acting on behalf of developer Jerry Collins and company C24 Pty Ltd. The email stated the contract was being torn up and the two-bedroom apartment would be returned to the developers.
The developer has the right to do this under the sunset clause, where developers can withdraw the contract and put the apartments back up for sale if the property hasn't been registered after 24 months.
It has been dubbed the "sunset clawback" and is one of the biggest risks when buying off the plan.
In 2015, multiple class actions were taken against "sunset clawback" developers.
The legislation has since been changed to protect the buyers. For a contract to be terminated, a buyer now needs to agree.
Roberts is fighting to have the clause amended in Victoria as well.
"We did not know this existed and nobody told us. It wasn't until after a year of waiting we started to hear stories and were warned about it. We started to get the idea and in our heads we wondered if this is what [the developer] was trying to do," they said.
"Sadly, it just happened day one of our honeymoon, as soon as the 24 months ticked over."
Roberts said they were told their deposit would be returned, but they have not received any more information.
"We have stepped up quite quickly to say we don't want to give the home back," they said.
There is some speculation about why the developer used the sunset clause, but none Roberts could delve into. They have hired a lawyer and is pushing back on the developer's decision.
"We want to get the property back first and foremost and we absolutely want the legalities of it changed so this is not able to happen," they said.
"It's hard enough to get into the property market and getting burned like this is not fair and I don't want it to happen to anyone."
Roberts said they had spent an extra $10,000 on the home to get special fittings to tailor it to their style.
 They are an avid cook so the couple paid for alterations to the kitchen and had an island bench and wide oven installed.
"So after 24 months they try to take that away from us when we've done all that work and get nothing at the end," they said.
The couple has been living in a small apartment for several years and they were excited to escape their frustrating living situation.
Roberts said they had heard rumours other people who bought properties in the development had also been stung by the sunset clause.
They have been humbled by the support they have received and said although their situation is a nightmare, they appreciated they still had a roof over their head, food on the table, and clothes on their back.
"In context to our lives in Australia, this house debacle isn't fair and has been a bloody frustrating last two years," they wrote in a Facebook post.
"But then I also remind myself not to be so selfish when there are millions of others doing it bloody tough every day.
"So these types of situations will often test you, but after the storm is over, it can seem trivial in comparison to the hardships that others might face.
"We will still be disgruntled about the situation nonetheless. But I'm also still appreciative of the lives we have."
Collins, the developer, did not respond to news.com.au's request for comment.
FRANKFURT, April 12 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.2 percent higher on Wednesday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0615 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks:
BORUSSIA DORTMUND
Indicated down 1.1 pct
An explosives attack was launched on the Borussia Dortmund soccer team's bus late on Tuesday, injuring defender Marc Bartra, who was taken to hospital. German police said they still did not know who was behind the attack.
DAIMLER
Indicated up 2.9 pct
Operating profit jumped a better-than-expected 87 percent to 4.01 billion euros ($4.25 billion) in the first quarter, the maker of Mercedes-Benz cars and trucks said in an unscheduled release late on Tuesday.
DEUTSCHE BOERSE
Indicated up 0.3 pct
A planned extension of CEO Carsten Kengeter's contract has been postponed until prosecutors complete their investigation into their suspected insider trading, Platow Brief reported.
SIEMENS
Indicated down 0.1 pct
Siemens will no longer implement traditional cost-cutting programmes in administration but instead will reorganise and continually improve work processes, finance chief Ralf Thomas told the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. Thomas said they considered savings of 20-30 percent to be possible, with annual productivity improvements of 3-5 percent.
VOLKSWAGEN
Indicated up 0.7 pct
Volkswagen is trying to win back American customers after its diesel emission scandal with SUV warranties that it said late on Tuesday will be the longest in the United States.
A trade group for automakers including Volkswagen said late on Tuesday it hoped to reach a deal with California and the Trump administration over vehicle fuel efficiency standards.
FRAPORT, LUFTHANSA
Fraport indicated up 0.2 pct
Lufthansa indicated up 0.5 pct
Passenger traffic rose 1.8 percent in March and cargo rose 9.8 percent, the highest monthly growth rate in six years, helped by a favourable timing of week days and Easter falling in April.
Separately, CEO Stefan Schulte told Handelsblatt they were making progress in talks with Lufthansa over a fee structure that Lufthansa says favours low-cost rival Ryanair, and was confident that Lufthansa - which has threatened to reduce Frankfurt flights over the row - would grow strongly in Frankfurt again.
HOCHTIEF
Indicated up 0.2 pct
Hochtief's Cimic was awarded a New Zealand schools project worth NZ$113 million ($78 million), it said on Wednesday.
LANXESS
Indicated up 0.2 pct
Lanxess said it would increase its capacities for iron oxide pigments by around 25,000 metric tonnes to 400,000 tonnes by 2019.
FREENET
Indicated up 0.2 pct
Capital Markets Day due. The group has said it would present details on its TV business and publish guidance for 2017.
WIRECARD
Indicated up 0.1 pct
Wirecard said it would bring Alipay to Greece together with the country's national bank.
PUMA
Indicated up 2.5 pct
Puma raised its full-year sales and earnings forecasts after releasing strong preliminary results for the first quarter.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS
PUMA - 0.75 eur/shr dividend proposed
ANALYSTS' VIEWS
DEUTSCHE BOERSE - GOLDMAN SACHS reinstates with "NEUTRAL" rating
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones unchanged, S&P 500 -0.1 pct, Nasdaq -0.2 pct at close.
Nikkei -1.3 pct, Shanghai stocks -0.3 pct.
Time: 5.17 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
German March wholesale prices due at 0600 GMT.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS ($1 = 0.9428 euros) ($1 = 1.4401 New Zealand dollars) (Reporting by Ludwig Burger and Georgina Prodhan)
FILE PHOTO: A view shows part of the northern part of the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates river, Syria March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A view shows part of the northern part of the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates River, Syria March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said/File Photo
AMMAN U.S. backed Syrian forces repelled a major counter-attack by Islamic State militants holding out at the country's largest dam and in the nearby town of Tabqa, the group and activists said on Sunday.
The dam is a key strategic target in the military campaign to isolate and capture the Syrian city of Raqqa, 40 km (25 miles) to the east and Islamic State's biggest urban stronghold.
The U.S.-backed group said militants attacked their positions north-east of Tabqa and at an airbase to the south of the town where dozens of their fighters were killed; but the coalition of Kurdish and Arab militias was making slower advances in a village east of the town.
Jehan Sheikh Ahmad, a spokesperson for the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), spearheaded by the powerful Kurdish YPG militia, said the militants were stepping up their resistance as SDF forces got closer to encircle the town and the dam.
"Our forces are advancing...(Islamic State )are facing large difficulties and so they are starting counter-attacks," said the official whose forces have U.S. special forces with them.
The SDF began an assault to capture the dam and the nearby town almost two weeks ago after the coalition landed some of its fighters on the southern side of the Euphrates near Tabqa, leading to its capture of an air base.
The SDF has been waging a multi-phased offensive since November to isolate Raqqa, with backing from the U.S.-led coalition taking territory to the north and east of the province.
FEAR OF COLLAPSE
Hundreds of families with their cattle, property, motorbikes and vans continued on Sunday to flee from villages under Islamic State control.
The U.S.-backed forces say at least 7,000 people have taken shelter in their areas since the campaign to capture Tabqa.
Many are also fleeing air strikes on civilian areas in Raqqa province that have left dozens dead according to activists and the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Last month strikes believed to be conducted by the U.S.-led coalition hit a bakery and a local market in Tabqa town with dozens of civilians killed. Another raid that hit a school sheltering displaced people near Raqqa also killed scores.
SDF denies civilians are targeted.
Islamic State and the Syrian government have both said the hydroelectric dam is vulnerable to collapse after strikes by the U.S. led coalition
Syrian officials say that would lead to catastrophic flooding in the cities and towns in the Euphrates valley downstream.
The SDF and the coalition have denied the dam is in danger.
Residents, however, say an SDF attempt last week to relieve the dam's water levels by opening a canal from the Balikh River that flows into the Euphrates had flooded cultivated agricultural land in several villages.
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; editing by Ralph Boulton)
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Penile Implants or Penile Prosthesis Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Penile Implants or Penile Prosthesis Market by type (inflatable devices, non-inflatable devices) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Penile Implants or Penile Prosthesis Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Penile Implants or Penile Prosthesis Market are American Medical Systems (Boston Scientific), Coloplast, Silimed, Giant Medical, Eska Medical Gmbh, Promedon, Zephyr Surgical Implants, etc. The global market for penile implants was valued at around USD 232 million in 2016 and is expected to reach around USD 270 million by 2023, growing at a CAGR of around 2.1% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: –
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/326
The Large Number of Drugs under Pipeline for FDA Approval, Continued Adoption of Launch of Various Low-Cost Generic Drugs, and Introduction of Novel Techniques are Further Expected to Boost the Market Growth in the Coming Years.
Erectile ddysfunction (ED) and premature eejaculation (PE) are the two most prevalent male sexual dysfunctions. Chances of sexual dysfunction increases with age, physical inactivity, smoking, diabetes, stress and prostate concerns. Erectile dysfunction is estimated to affect more than 150 million men worldwide and the number of men with ED is expected to double by the year 2030. Although most cases are not reported, it is estimated that more than 30 million men affected in the United States.Rise in base of population with sexual disorders, changing lifestyle habits such as smoking, and drinking alcohol and increasing stress levels in the men due to the work life are some of the driving factors of this market. In addition, large number of drugs under pipeline for FDA approval, emerging next generation erectile dysfunction therapies, continued adoption of improved penile implant systems, launch of various low cost generic drugs, and introduction of novel techniques are further expected to boost the market growth in the coming years.
Various Reasons to Consider Penile Implants Include:-
Improved patient Satisfaction Rates: Various studies indicate 93.8% of men were moderately or completely satisfied with their penile prosthesis choice, far outpacing satisfaction levels for Viagra (51.6%) or injection therapy (40.9%).
A Discrete Treatment for erectile dysfunction: A penile prosthesis is not noticeable when your penis is flaccid. Your partner won't be able to tell you've had an implant to treat your dysfunction unless you tell them.
Minimal Recovery Time: A typical recovery time after a prosthesis implant procedure is four to six weeks. After you've fully recovered, you can begin enjoying sex once more.
Insurance Coverage: Penile implants are prescribed by a physician and are generally covered by most insurance plans, including Medicare.
However, the risks associated with these implants like infection, implant problems, and internal erosion along with increasing number of complaints like loss of penile length, too hard pump, and improper swelling of the glans of the penis are expected to plummet or slowdown the growth of this market. In addition, availability of less invasive treatment methods for erectile dysfunction also expected to restrain the market growth.
Geographically, North America is the leading contributor to the market and is expected to retain its position during the forecast period due to the presence of large number of geriatric population, and large base of patients with sexual disorders. However, Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at a faster rate during the forecast period. This is predominantly due to increased healthcare awareness, technological advancements, and growing awareness among the population about the treatment options available in the market.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Premium Report
The company profile section includes detailed analysis of some of the key players such as American Medical Systems (Boston Scientific), Coloplast, Silimed, Giant Medical, Eska Medical Gmbh, Promedon, Zephyr Surgical Implants, etc.
Report Highlights:
The report delivers a strategic analysis of the global market for penile implants and growth forecast for the period from 2017 – 2023. The scope of the report includes competitive analysis of various market players who are operating in the market, segmental analysis based on type. It also covers geographical analysis of the market with growth forecast for the period of 2017 – 2023. The Porter's Five Forces analysis and value chain analysis included in the report provides an insight into market dynamics and industry competition.Moreover, the report also includes growth strategies and entry barriers to be considered to cater to the exact business opportunities in this market. Additionally, to aid in strategic decision making, the report also includes competitive profiling of leading players, recent developments in the industry and various business strategies adopted by them. This report will help players in global penile implants market to plan and implement their strategies in different market areas such as emerging geographies, and new technologies
Table of Contents:-
1. Scope of the Report
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methodology
1.3 List of Abbreviations
1.4 Market Segmentation
2. Executive Summary
3. Qualitative Analysis
3.1 Market overview
3.1.1 Drivers
3.1.2 Restraints
3.2 Porters five forces analysis
3.3 Market share analysis of key players, 2016
3.4 Competitive matrix of the key companies
4 Global Penile Implants Market, by Type, 2017 – 2023
4.1 Inflatable Devices
4.2 Non-Inflatable Devices
5. Global Penile Implants Market, by Geography, 2017 – 2023
5.1 North America
5.1.1 Inflatable Devices
5.1.2 Non-Inflatable Devices
5.2 Europe
5.2.1 Inflatable Devices
5.2.2 Non-Inflatable Devices
5.3 APAC
5.3.1 Inflatable Devices
5.3.2 Non-Inflatable Devices
5.4 Rest of the World
5.4.1 Inflatable Devices
5.4.2 Non-Inflatable Devices
6. Company profiles
6.1 American Medical Systems (acquired by Boston Scientific)
6.2 Coloplast
6.3 Silimed
6.4 Giant Medical
6.5 Eska Medical Gmbh
6.6 Promedon
6.7 Zephyr Surgical Implants
6.8 Others
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/penile_implants_penile_prosthesis_market
2018-03-05 – Upscene Productions is proud to announce the availability of the next version of the popular multi-DBMS development tool:
Database Workbench 5.4.2
This release includes support for MySQL 5.7 and Azure, MariaDB 10.1 and 10.2, PostgreSQL 10. It also includes small features and bugfixes.
Database Workbench 5 comes in multiple editions with different pricing models, there's always a version that suits you!
Click here for the list of changes: http://www.upscene.com/go/?go=tracker&v=5.4.x&id=12
For more information, see What's new in Database Workbench 5: http://www.upscene.com/database_workbench/whatsnew
Database Workbench supports MySQL, MariaDB, Firebird, Oracle, MS SQL Server, SQL Anywhere, NexusDB, PostgreSQL and InterBase, comes in multiple editions and is licensed based on selectable modules.
It includes tools for database design, database maintenance, testing, data transfer, data import & export, database migration, database compare and numerous other tools.
About Database Workbench
Database Workbench is a database developer tool, over 13 years in the making and is being used by thousands of developers across the globe who have come to rely on it every day. From database design, implementation, to testing and debugging, it will aid you in your daily database work. Find more at http://www.upscene.com/database_workbench
About Upscene Productions
Based in The Netherlands, Europe, this small but dedicated company has been providing database developers with useful tools for over 15 years. Slowly expanding the product portfolio and gaining recognition amongst InterBase and Firebird database developers, they now offer tools for a whole range of database systems, including Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server.
PGIM President and Chief Executive Officer David Hunt speaks during an interview with Reuters at the company's office in Tokyo, Japan, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Issei Kato
PGIM President and Chief Executive Officer David Hunt poses for a photograph during an interview with Reuters at the company's office in Tokyo, Japan, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Issei Kato
TOKYO The money management arm of U.S. insurer Prudential Financial (PRU.N) does not see further rises in U.S. bond yields, despite solid U.S. growth, given global political risks and strong foreign appetite for U.S. bonds, its chief executive said.
David Hunt, responsible for $1 trillion assets PGIM manages, said that while the U.S. economy is doing well, financial markets had overreacted to hopes of a further boost from stimulus plans by U.S. President Donald Trump.
"I would say we are an outlier. We don't see that rates will go up," Hunt said, challenging a widespread view that the 10-year U.S. Treasuries yield should rise as the Federal Reserve is expected to bump up interest rates.
The New Jersey-based firm believes the 10-year Treasury yield US10YT=RR, now at 2.34 percent, will slip to 2.25 percent by year-end even as it expects the Fed will hike rates twice more in 2017.
"There are big macro risks in the economy, largely from political events such as the elections in Europe and a missile launch by North Korea," they said.
PGIM has reduced its risk exposure to around 75 percent of its internal limit recently after having kept it near maximum levels in the last two years, Hunt said.
They also pointed out that there is "remarkable demand" for Treasuries from foreign investors.
"This (past) quarter, we had $300 billion of new issuance in the United States, an absolute record for a quarter, and you can't buy a bond. It is absolutely tight, because a lot of Japanese and Europeans are coming. The global desire for yield remains very strong," they said.
The U.S. 10-year yield had risen to a two-year high of 2.64 percent in mid-December -- almost double its record low of 1.32 percent touched in July -- on expectations that Trump's pro-business policies will boost U.S. growth and inflation.
"The market did probably overreact to what they thought was going to happen under President Trump... And now, we would say that reality is starting to sink in," they said.
Hunt noted that investors need to heed "a very large discrepancy between what Donald Trump says and ultimately what the administration policy turns out to be."
"I'm an engineer by training, so we call this problem 'the noise-to-signal ratio.' It is very high (now)," the Newark-based CEO added.
(Reporting by Tomo Uetake; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Downfall of Toshiba, a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(New throughout, adds details, updates share prices)
By Liz Hampton
HOUSTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Weatherford International Plc on Friday reported a larger-than-expected fourth-quarter loss on $1.6 billion in charges, and its shares slid more than 16 percent on doubts that the oilfield firm is executing a turnaround after years of losses.
The quarterly loss widened from a year earlier, despite a general upturn in demand for oilfield services that has benefited rivals. The weaker results could accelerate planned asset sales to pare its $7.5 billion debt pile.
Weatherford reported a fourth-quarter loss of 33 cents per share, excluding items, exceeding analysts' expectations for a 21 cents per share loss, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenues for the quarter were $1.49 billion, up 6 percent from the same quarter last year but slightly below Wall Street forecasts.
Shares tumbled 16.3 percent to $3.39 a share on Friday morning.
Debt-laden Weatherford has restructured and sold businesses in an effort to raise cash and revamp. The company last year appointed Mark McCollum, formerly chief financial officer for rival Halliburton Co, as its chief executive. In late December Weatherford sold off an U.S. oil well business to Schlumberger for $430 million.
“Our fourth quarter results reflect a period of adjustment as we hit the reset button,” McCollum said in a conference call. The company expects “significant improvements” in earnings in the first quarter of 2018.
The company said it expects to receive $500 million in incremental proceeds this year from business divestitures, including two expected to launch in the first quarter. Weatherford also said it made substantial progress in the divestiture of its land drilling rigs, and expects an agreement on the transaction shortly.
Still, analysts called Weatherford's fourth quarter disappointing.
“These results are bereft of redeeming qualities,” investment firm Tudor Pickering Holt wrote in a research note. Researchers from Capital One Securities said “it will likely be hard for investors to believe in the operational improvement story.”
Global oil prices have rebounded to three-year highs, prompting a broad uptick in drilling activity and demand for oilfield services and equipment. That helped boost results at rivals Schlumberger and Halliburton last quarter and prompted those firms to offer an optimistic outlook for 2018.
In late January, U.S. crude futures touched a high of $66.66 per barrel, a level not seen since December of 2014.
Charges included some $934 million in asset impairments, $434 million in inventory writedown and a $230 million write-down on its Venezuelan receivables. (Reporting by Liz Hampton; Editing by David Gregorio)
China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co said on Friday it had refiled its application for U.S. approval of its $2.7 billion acquisition of life insurance company Genworth Financial Inc (GNW.N), in a bid to add more time to the regulatory review.
The two companies said they withdrew and relaunched their submission to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), a secretive U.S. government panel that scrutinizes acquisitions for national security concerns.
Closing of the transaction still is targeted for the middle of 2017, the companies said in statement.
Genworth's and China Oceanwide's refiled CFIUS application triggers a new 30-day review period by the government body, with the possibility of a further 45-day investigation period, the statement added.
China Oceanwide, a Beijing-based investment firm founded by low-profile but well-connected billionaire Lu Zhiqiang, agreed in October to pay $2.7 billion in cash for all Genworth shares, plus a further $1.12 billion to cover debt belonging to the U.S. insurer which was spun out of General Electric in 2004.
It was a further example of Chinese investment into the U.S. financial sector, stemming from a desire among Chinese firms to diversify away from their home market. But not all such deals have been successful.
Earlier this month, Fidelity & Guaranty Life (FGL.N), a U.S. annuities and life insurer, said it has terminated its agreement to be acquired by China's Anbang Insurance group. While it secured assent from CFIUS, the deal failed to garner approval from two U.S. states.
(Reporting by David French in New York)
OSLO: Nuclear disarmament group ICAN won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for its decade-long campaign to rid the world of the atomic bomb as nuclear-fuelled crises swirl over North Korea and Iran.
Advertisements
“The organization is receiving the award for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons,” said Norway's Nobel committee president Berit Reiss-Andersen.
More than 70 years since atomic bombs were used on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and as tensions flare over the North Korean crisis, the Nobel committee sought to highlight ICAN's tireless efforts to rid the world of nuclear weapons.
A coalition of more than 300 NGOs founded in Vienna in 2007 on the fringes of an international conference on the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, ICAN has tirelessly mobilized campaigners and celebrities alike in its cause.
It was a key player in the adoption of a historic nuclear weapons ban treaty, signed by 122 countries in July. However, the accord was largely symbolic as none of the nine known world nuclear powers signed up to it.
The organization will receive their prize, consisting of a gold medal, a diploma, and a check for nine million Swedish kronor ($1.1 million, 945,000 euros), at a ceremony in Oslo on December 10, the anniversary of the death in 1896 of the prize's creator, Swedish philanthropist and dynamite inventor Alfred Nobel.
Staunch campaigners
With the nuclear threat at its most acute in decades, the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons is urgently pressing to consign the bomb to history.
The Geneva-based organization, known by the acronym ICAN, has for the past decade been sounding the alarm over the massive dangers posed by nuclear weapons and campaigning for a global ban.
It secured a significant victory in July this year when the United Nations adopted a new treaty outlawing nuclear weapons.
But with actual disarmament of the world's nuclear arsenal likely still far off, ICAN is not resting on its laurels.
“We're not done yet… The job isn't done until nuclear weapons are gone,” ICAN chief Beatrice Fihn told Agence France-Presse this week.
Pointing to the current nuclear standoff between Washington and Pyongyang as “a wake-up call”, they insisted on the urgent need to disarm the world's 15,000 or so nuclear weapons.
“Nuclear weapons have the risk of literally ending the world,” added the Swedish national, who took charge of ICAN in 2014.
“As long as they exist, the risk will be there, and eventually our luck will run out.”
Founded in Vienna in 2007 on the fringes of an international conference on the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, ICAN has tirelessly mobilized campaigners and celebrities alike in its cause.
From its offices in the buildings of the World Council of Churches in Geneva, ICAN works with 468 non-governmental organizations across 101 countries, including rights, development, environmental and peace groups.
A decade ago, the anti-nuclear movement was fragmented, Fihn said, explaining that ICAN was created to help a vast array of groups pushes for a ban similar to the global agreements forbidding the use of biological and chemical weapons, landmines and cluster munitions.
AFP
Romania could join euro in 8 yrs, but needs euro zone improvements - c.bank
LONDON, June 14 Romania could be in a position to join the euro within 8 years, central bank policymaker Daniel Daianu board member said on Wednesday, though it would have to see improvements in the set-up and running of the euro area bloc.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
FOREX-Commodity bloc rally deepens in wait for Fed
LONDON, June 14 The dollar steadied on Wednesday ahead of a Federal Reserve policy statement widely expected to raise interest rates for the third time in six months but also to signal doubts over how soon it may make its next move.
March 28 Allied Architects Inc :
* Says it plans to split SNS platform GreenSnap operation business to set up a new wholly owned subsidiary in Tokyo named GreenSnap on March 31
* Says co resolves to sell the newly established subsidiary GreenSnap to an Osaka-based firm Daito Co Ltd which is mainly engaged in DIY creativity business, via stock swap, in mid-May
* Co will own about 10 percent stake in Daito Co Ltd after the transaction
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/yFwmgD
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
De Minaur, Whittington get wild cards for Australian Open
hello
MELBOURNE, Australia -- Australian Open organizers have given 17-year-old Alex De Minaur and Andrew Whittington wild-card entries to the season's first grand slam tournament.
De Minaur, a Wimbledon junior finalist last year, beat top-seeded Mikhail Kukushkin in the qualifying tournament for the Brisbane International, where they are set to make their ATP main draw debut this week. Whittington, 23, achieved a career-high ranking of No. 170 last November after winning six ITF titles and reaching semifinals at two ATP Challenger events.
Other wild cards already granted for the Australian Open men's main draw include Denis Istomin, the Asia-Pacific Wildcard playoff winner from Uzbekistan, and Quentin Halys of France and Michael Mmoh of the United States, who were given reciprocal wildcards for the French Open and the U.S. Open.
OSLO, April 28 Norway's 2016 structural non-oil government budget deficit, a key gauge to public finances, has been revised down to 196.6 billion Norwegian crowns ($23.05 billion) from a December forecast of 199.8 billion, the Finance Ministry said on Friday.
The deficit corresponded to 2.6 percent of the size the country's sovereign wealth fund had at the start of 2016, down from a previous forecast of 2.7 percent.
($1 = 8.5282 Norwegian crowns) (Reporting by Terje Solsvik, editing by Camilla Knudsen)
LIMA A meeting of Organization of American States (OAS) members expected later this month could result in a joint position and "change the situation" in crisis-stricken Venezuela, Peru's Foreign Minister Ricardo Luna said on Wednesday.
In televised comments, Luna said the planned meeting of 19 foreign ministers of OAS countries, first proposed late last month, would take place the third week of May, likely on the 21st or 22nd, in order to make sure "all the countries can participate."
"I think the foreign ministers' meeting that week -- we don't know if it will be the 21st or 22nd -- will in some ways establish a position and possibly a mechanism that changes the situation," Luna told journalists, referring to the situation in Venezuela.
The Washington-based OAS floated the idea of a foreign ministers' meeting last week, prompting Venezuela to announce plans to withdraw from the organisation. OAS chief Luis Almagro had earlier threatened to kick Venezuela out of the body if it did not swiftly hold general elections amid an economic crisis.
At the time, Venezuela said its decision to withdraw from the OAS was a response to a U.S.-backed campaign to trample on its sovereignty. The socialist government has grown more diplomatically isolated in Latin America as the region has shifted to the right in recent years.
At least 34 people have been killed and hundreds injured since unrest against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro began in early April. Thousands marched on Wednesday against Maduro's plans to create an alternative "popular congress," which opponents see as a ruse to dodge elections and cling to power.
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, a former Wall Street investment banker who took office last year, has been one of the region's more vocal critics of Maduro, and Peru recalled its ambassador to Venezuela in late March.
On Wednesday, Luna said Maduro's attempt to change the constitution was an effort to stifle the opposition.
"It's a rule change that everyone, and above all the opposition, classifies as arbitrary and authoritarian, a type of coup-within-a-coup," Luna said. "The situation in Venezuela has intensified, there is an incessant polarization that is worrisome for other country's in the region."
(Reporting by Marco Aquino; Writing by Luc Cohen; editing by Diane Craft)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new Home Bargains store has opened at the Wyvern Retail Park this morning, so we had a look inside.
The discount chain, which sells branded products at reduced prices, opened its doors at 8.30am in the unit formerly occupied by Currys PC World.
The shop was busy when our reporter visited at around 11am, something that the store manager said would continue into the afternoon.
Kulbinder Nanuwan, store manager, said: "It looks like the store is really successful so far and you can see a lot of people in here already.
"It's still early yet but this is still above average for what we expected.
"What makes us different are the low prices and our excellent customer service. Our staff take the time to ensure that people are looked after and if they need to know where something is, they'll guide them to it instead of pointing.
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
"This store has opened because the customers wanted it and the business is growing well so its just a natural progression. This is actually the second store that's opened today, as we had another opening in Bolton."
Valentine's Day bargains at Home Bargains Men's Valentine's Boxer Shorts with hearts on them: £2.99 Light-up Lips: £2.99 A 170cm tall giant teddy bear: £39.99
Shopper Amy Taylor, of Alvaston, said: "This is actually my favourite chain. It's very cheap and we can get everything we need from here. It's also quite kid-friendly too."
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
They said: "This place is very handy because the parking is free and it's around 10 minutes closer than the other outlets."
Pauline Webb, of Littleover, said: "I use Home Bargains quite a lot and I love it. You can get good quality stuff here at a really good price.
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
"This new store is definitely more convenient because you can drive here and park your car without paying a huge amount for parking like you have to do in the city centre."
Home Bargains offers cheap deals on homeware, health and beauty essentials, sweets, snacks and drinks, as well as fresh and frozen food.
TJ Morris, the company that owns Home Bargains, spent £750,000 on the new store, renovating the 15,000 sq ft of floor space and creating 50 jobs in the process.
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
Joe Morris, operations director at Home Bargains, said: “We're thrilled to be launching our third store in Derby and look forward to welcoming customers through the doors.”
“Wyvern Retail Park will be a great location for us and we're proud to be able to offer local people top-branded goods at exceptionally low prices.”
This is the third Home Bargains store in Derby, joining outlets in Moore Street, off Normanton Road and Bradshaw Retail Park.
It joins Mothercare, Maplin, Homebase and many other big name retailers in the Wyvern Retail Park.
Home Bargains already has 450 outlets across the UK, which attract four million customers a week. The Wyvern store is part of the retailer plan to open around 50 new stores a year.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China's primary money rates fell this week as cash conditions were loose with few signs of liquidity stress, even after the central bank drained the most cash in nearly two years. The volume-weighted average rate of the benchmark seven-day repo traded in the interbank market, considered the best indicator of general liquidity in China, was 2.7424 percent on Friday afternoon. That is nearly 18 basis points lower than the previous week's closing average rate of 2.9194 percent. The People's Bank of China (PBOC), noting the banking system's "relatively high" levels of liquidity, has refrained from injecting cash via its open market operations for seven consecutive trading days, starting from Jan. 25. In that period, there's been a net drain of 1.15 trillion yuan ($183.46 billion) due to maturing repos, including 760 billion this week - the biggest weekly one since late February 2016. Traders said cash conditions were looser than expected, and the absence of reverse repos did not affect sentiment. Factors including the use of contingent reserve allowance (CRA), which lets some banks set aside fewer official reserves temporarily, has fueled the financial system with ample liquidity this week, according to traders. The PBOC said in late December it would let some commercial banks temporarily keep fewer required reserves to help them meet heavy cash demand ahead of the Lunar New Year holiday. Gao Ting, head of China strategy at UBS Securities, said the loosened liquidity does not mean a change in the tone of financial regulation. "Money market rates will stay high ahead of the Chinese New Year holiday, with tighter liquidity for non-bank financial institutions (NBFIs) than for banks, as regulators are curtailing the flow of credit from banks to NBFIs to limit leverage," Gao said in a note. Key money rates at a glance: Volume-wei Previous Change (bps) Volume ghted day (%) average rate (%) Interbank repo market Overnight 2.4970 2.4782 +1.88 0.00 Seven-day 2.7424 2.7250 +1.74 0.00 14-day 3.8639 3.8698 -0.59 0.00 Shanghai stock exchange repo market Overnight 3.1150 2.7850 +33.00 680,919.0 0 Seven-day 14-day 3.9950 3.9850 +1.00 11,357.20 PBOC Guidance Rates Overnight 2.5200 2.5000 +2.00 Seven-day 2.8000 2.8500 -5.00 14-day 3.9000 3.9000 +0.00 SHANGHAI INTERBANK OFFERED RATE Overnight 2.5173 2.5154 +0.19 Seven-day 2.7880 2.7925 -0.45 Three-month 4.7278 4.7276 +0.02 KEY INTEREST RATE SWAPS: Instrument RIC Rate Spread vs 1 yr official deposit rate* 2 yr IRS based on 1 CNABAD2YF= 0.0000 -1.5 year benchmark 5 yr 7-day repo swap CNYQB7R5Y= 3.9500 n/a *This spread can be seen as a proxy for forward-looking market expectations of an interest rate cut or rise China FX and money market guide: China debt market guide: SHIBOR rates: Reports on central bank open market operations: New Chinese debt issues: Prices for central bank bills, treasury bonds and sovereign bonds: Overview of China financial market data: ($1 = 6.2685 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Winni Zhou and John Ruwitch; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
April 28 Co-Diagnostics Inc
* Says it intends to apply to list its common stock on Nasdaq under the symbol “CODX”
* Co-Diagnostics Inc files for IPO of up to $10 million - SEC filing Source text for Eikon:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - ELLEN AB:
* UNIT SIGNS COOPERATION CONTRACT WITH HUMANWELL HEALTHCARE GROUP FOR SALES IN CHINA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
Hatters skipper Scott Cuthbert faces a fortnight out of action after they went off injured in the 1-0 defeat to Barnet on Saturday.
The club captain lasted just 20 minutes of the game, as they had to be replaced by Glen Rea, with Town eventually beaten by Jack Taylor's last-minute strike.
When asked how long they expected the centre back to be out, boss Nathan Jones, who could use one of Rea, Johnny Mullins, Frankie Musonda or Akin Famewo in their place, said: “He's going to have a scan, he's just tweaked something.
“It might be a few weeks, we won't rush them back. The good thing is we have good strength in depth, so that will be taken care of.”
Sammy Arnold, Darren O'Shea, Conor Oliver and Dan Goggin have all signed two-year contracts with Munster Rugby that will see them remain with the province until June 2020.
Arnold, who joined the southern province at the beginning of the 2016-17 season, endured a number of injury set-backs in their first year. The 21-year-old centre bounced back to impress on recent outings, making six starts in seven appearances and scoring three tries.
Former Munster Rugby academy player O'Shea returned to the province at the start of the 2016-17 season after completing two seasons in England with Worcester Warriors. The 25-year-old lock has made 21 appearances in the red jersey, scoring two tries.
Flanker Oliver will advance from a development to a full contract at the start of the 2018-19 season. The 22-year-old was named Munster Rugby Academy Player of the Year in 2017 and has 17 caps to their name. Following a lengthy lay-off due to a shoulder injury sustained during preseason, Oliver returned in late December to put in a man of the match performance against Connacht.
Dan Goggin will also advance to a full contract at the end of this season. The centre sustained a long-term knee injury against Treviso in the opening round of this season's Guinness Pro14. The 23-year-old, who has made 15 appearances for the province, recently completed their rehabilitation to feature for Munster ‘A' in round six of the British & Irish Cup.
Sammy Watkins was dealt to the Rams on Friday, one day before Los Angeles kicked off its preseason schedule. It came as no surprise that Watkins was held out of the game, considering it's physically impossible to learn a playbook in one day, but he'll be in a Rams uniform in no time.
In fact, he'll make their debut at practice on Monday where he'll be a “full-go,” according to head coach Sean McVay.
With Tavon Austin sidelined due to a hamstring injury, this should excite Rams fans. However, they're not the only ones who can't wait to see Watkins on the field. Rookie receiver Cooper Kupp is anxious to get on the field with the former Bill.
“I can't wait to get on the field with him,” Kupp said of Watkins, according to Gary Klein of the L.A. Times. “He's an incredible athlete, incredible football player. The mix of receivers we have in the room is awesome and there's competition, but it's healthy competition.”
Kupp's right: The Rams do have a good mix of receivers this year. Austin, Watkins and Kupp could be the starters come Week 1, but they're hardly the only weapons at Jared Goff's disposal.
Robert Woods is an established veteran, Pharoh Cooper will be a much bigger factor this season, and Gerald Everett and Tyler Higbee also figure to be consistent playmakers at tight end. Watkins has the highest expectations of any other player on the roster, considering their contract situation and injury history.
If they can stay healthy and perform like the player they were expected to be, the Rams' offense should be significantly better than it was in 2016.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Minnesota Republicans and Democrats hold conventions this weekend to pick candidates up and down the election ticket.
But getting the party endorsement does not guarantee you will be the party's candidate by the time November rolls around.
A political party endorsement brings significant advantages, including money, volunteers and voter lists. But history is not always kind to party-endorsed candidates, and history may be repeating itself in 2018.
Former Republican Governor Tim Pawlenty won two close elections with the GOP endorsement.  They are running for a third term this year, but they are skipping the party.
History shows the odds favor candidates who buck the party. Over the last 36 years, four of the last five Minnesota governors ran for office — and won — against the endorsed candidates in their own party.
Democratic Governor Rudy Perpich started the party-bucking trend in 1982, and won.
Republican Governor Arne Carlson won the governor's office twice without party blessing.
The next governor did not need an endorsement from Democrats or Republicans. Reform Party Governor Jesse Ventura foreshadowed Donald Trump — the anti-party politician.
In 2010, DFLers banned a member of their own party from their convention. Fellow Democrat Mark Dayton committed the sin of ignoring the party, and won the election on their own.
Minnesota politics are unpredictable every year. This year setting up every bit like the last 40.
March 30 Charter Communications Inc
* Charter offers $1.5 billion of senior unsecured notes and senior secured notes
* Charter Communications Inc - intends to use proceeds from concurrent offerings to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes
* Charter Communications Inc - intends to use net proceeds from concurrent offerings to pay related fees, expenses, buybacks of class a common stock of charter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Even though it was just the second round, Roger Federer looked as good as they ever has on the grass of Wimbledon. The 36-year-old made quick work of Lukas Lacko, winning 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 in a match that saw the Swiss make only 11 errors.
In just 90 minutes, Federer won 35 consecutive points on serve. The Swiss completed 75 percent of their first serve and has now won 26 consecutive sets at Wimbledon following on from their win last year.
Despite having won 20 Grand Slams, the 36-year-old's desire to win remains evident. Opting out of the grueling clay court section of the season has proved a smart move as the Swiss looks fresher on their favored grass surface.
Their backhand was majestic, their movement more becoming of a younger man and their shot variety impressive. Lukas Lacko was left with no chance. It's probably too early to say whether it's enough for to seal what would be their ninth Wimbledon trophy, but they continue to be in the conversation and that is a sign of their class.
It's the same class Serena Williams wields. Also 36, Williams has impressively retained their power in the later stages of their career and continues to look dominant on court despite having recently given birth to their first child. Williams had only played three tournaments before this one since becoming a mother, but the seven-time champion played as if they were almost annoyed they aren't considered the favorite this year.
With 23 Grand Slam titles, Williams is never really far from the favorite tag. Having overcome the first round, Williams stepped into their stride against Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova. The first set was over in 24 minutes. Williams' hitting was clean and their movement notably improved from only a few days before. The second set required more fight as Tomova battled, but Williams was, as so often is the case, not to be denied. After 66 minutes, Williams won 6-1, 6-4.
Like Federer, the privilege is in watching Williams not about the winning. But so often their quality has led them to glory, and even in 2018 at Wimbledon that remains a distinct possibility for both of tennis' greatest players.
Elsewhere
Flying ants threatend to disrupt the action for some players, notably Caroline Wozniacki. The second seed complained about the nuisance the ants were causing and perhaps suffered as a result because they lost to Russia's Ekaterina Makarova 4-6, 6-1, 5-7. In an incredible match that saw Wozniacki save five match points and come from 5-1 down in the third, Makarova finally recovered to seal a huge upset.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams came back after losing the first set to reach the third round. Germany's Julia Görges made the third round after winning in three sets, but it was Jan-Lennard Struff who stole the show for German tennis. The 28-year-old came from two sets down to beat Ivo Karlovic 6-7, 3-6, 7-6, 7-6, 13-11 in a match that lasted nearly four hours.
April 28 Guangdong Bobaolon Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 10 percent to 20 percent, or to be 66.7 million yuan to 72.7 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (60.6 million yuan)
* Comments that increased orders is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Q6tVJm
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
* Feeder cattle end sharply higher * Hogs snap three-session losing streak By Theopolis Waters CHICAGO, March 29 Chicago Mercantile Exchange live cattle futures closed firmer on Wednesday, with support from short-covering tied to futures' discounts to preliminary cash prices, said traders. April live cattle closed 0.575 cent per pound higher at 121.350 cents, and June up 0.250 cent to 111.850 cents. Market-ready, or cash, cattle at Wednesday morning's Fed Cattle Exchange yielded an average of $131.17 per cwt, down from last week's $133.35 average. On Tuesday some cash cattle in Texas and Kansas brought $123 to $126 per cwt versus mostly $130 there last week, said feedlot sources. Packer bids for remaining cattle in the U.S. Plains stood at $126 per cwt versus up to $133 asking prices, said feedlot sources. Plains cash cattle a week ago mostly sold from $130 to $134.50. Processors resisted paying more for cattle while wrestling with declining margins and tepid seasonal wholesale beef demand, said traders and analysts. They said cattle supplies are tight in parts of the Plains, but packers can draw from huge numbers of animals contracted against the futures market. Wednesday morning's average wholesale beef price dropped 50 cents per cwt from Tuesday at $219.07. Select cuts fell $1.25 to $211.77, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said. Wednesday's average beef packer margins were a positive $43.35 per head, down from a positive $116.45 a week ago, as calculated by HedgersEdge.com. Live cattle futures gains, and higher cash feeder cattle prices, drove up CME feeder cattle contracts. March feeder cattle , which will expire on Thursday, ended up 0.950 cent per pound to 133.300 cents. Most actively traded April finished 1.450 cents higher at 134.400 cents. FIRMER HOG FUTURES CLOSE Short-covering and bargain buying halted nearby CME lean hog contracts' three-session decline prompted by recently slumping cash and wholesale pork prices, said traders. Deferred-month investors adjusted positions before USDA's quarterly hog report on Thursday at 2 p.m CDT (1900 GMT). April hogs ended up 0.200 cent per pound to 65.300 cents, and May up 0.075 cent to 69.475 cents. More hogs are available as spring temperatures moderate in the Midwest, which allows pigs to add weight faster, said analysts and traders. They said increased supplies have retailers waiting for pork prices to come down before actively purchasing product for spring grilling demand. U.S. government data on Wednesday morning showed the average wholesale pork price $1.84 per cwt lower than on Tuesday to $75.77, led by $3.11 lower loins. (Reporting by Theopolis Waters; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Putin says Russia's key interest rate should not be changed too sharply
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday it was important that the central bank did not change Russia's key interest rate too sharply.
April 10 Wells Fargo & Co:
* Wells Fargo statement regarding board investigation into the Community Bank'S retail sales practices
* Received report containing findings of investigation conducted by board's independent directors into company's retail banking sales practices
* Will continue to review report to incorporate its key findings Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Corvus Pharmaceuticals expands cpi-444 clinical collaboration with Genentech
* Corvus Pharmaceuticals - Genentech will manage study operations for phase 1B/2 trial, which is expected to begin enrolling patients in second half of 2017
* Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc - financial terms were not disclosed
* Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc - Corvus will retain global development and commercialization rights to CPI-444
* Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc- expanded its clinical collaboration with Genentech, a member of Roche Group
* Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc- anticipated that randomized, controlled study will enroll up to 65 patients in treatment arm Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SOFIA May 3 These are some of the main stories in Bulgarian newspapers on Wednesday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
-- Prime Minister designate Boiko Borisov is expected on Wednesday to name the ministers in the coalition government their centre-right GERB party is agreeing with nationalist alliance United Patriots. (Standart, Trud, Sega, 24 Chasa, Monitor, Duma)
-- Bulgaria's anti-monopoly commission said it has approved the acquisition of Bulgartabac's main cigarette brands by British American Tobacco in deal worth more than 100 million euros ($109.26 million). (Standart, Trud, Capital Daily, 24 Chasa, Duma)
-- Prosecutors have launched a probe into state-run Sofia airport over reports that the airport had allowed full access to its database which is considered part of the country's national security system, to a private company. (Trud, Standart, Sega, Capital Daily, Duma, 24 Chasa)
CAPITAL DAILY - Oil and gas company Elenilto, founded by Israeli business person Jacob Engel, has also filed a bid for the Bulgarian assets of Czech utility CEZ, a source familiar with the process told the newspaper. Elenilto has not responded to the newspaper's requests for comment.
-- Bulgaria's bourse is expected to set up a new exchange market to allow trades of issues of foreign financial instruments that have already been admitted to trading on regulated markets in other European Union member states. (Standart, 24 Chasa) ($1 = 0.9152 euros)
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Nutraceutical International Corp
* ‍weiss Asset Management Lp reports 8.76 percent passive stake in Nutraceutical International Corp as on August 4, 2017 - sec filing​ Source text: (bit.ly/2vvmJcG) Further company coverage:
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
MEXICO CITY, April 20 Mexican broadcaster Televisa said on Thursday it had signed a deal with Spanish telecoms giant Telefonica that would give the mobile operator's customers cheaper access to the broadcaster's content carried on its digital platform Blim.
The deal allows Grupo Televisa SA to compete with Carlos Slim's telecoms firm America Movil SAB de CV , whose Telcel mobile unit allows its clients access to entertainment offerings from Slim's Claro digital video service.
Under the terms of the deal, customers of Movistar, Telefonica's local unit, will have access to content carried on Televisa's Blim platform at a preferential rate, according to a statement.
Televisa shares were down 1.79 percent at 95.88 pesos ($5.09) in early afternoon trading.
($1 = 18.8260 pesos) (Reporting by Noe Torres and Sheky Espejo; Editing by Andrew Hay)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
FILE PHOTO: Chief executive officer of Barclays, Jes Staley, takes part in the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit in New York, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
LONDON Barclays (BARC.L) Chief Executive Jes Staley is involved in a dispute with private equity firm KKR & Co (KKR.N), which is a client of the bank, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.
KKR has complained to Barclays over Staley's actions on behalf of their brother-in-law after a deal between Jorge Nitzan and the buyout firm went sour, the WSJ said, citing sources familiar with the case.
News of the KKR dispute comes at a sensitive time for Staley who faces regulatory scrutiny in the United States and Britain over their attempts to unmask a whistleblower.
KKR is unhappy about what it sees as a conflict with its interests as a Barclays client, the newspaper reported.
The alleged conflict was brought about by Staley interceding on behalf of their brother-in-law late last year by vouching for them to KKR's co-investors and helping to try and find a new investor for a Brazilian company called Aceco TI, the WSJ said.
The family of Staley's wife Debora Nitzan Staley and their brother Jorge founded data center company Aceco and sold the bulk of it to KKR in 2014.
However, Aceco's revenues have slumped since the acquisition, which KKR has blamed on wrongdoing by its former owners, alleging they concealed accounting fraud.
Nitzan, Aceco's former chief executive, has denied all allegations of wrongdoing at the company, saying its recent problems have been caused by Brazil's economic slump and post-acquisition mismanagement.
"We have a responsibility to protect the interests of our investors who we believe were defrauded in the sale of Aceco. We would also note that we have been a longtime client of Barclays, which comes with its own responsibilities for Barclays," KKR said in an emailed statement to Reuters.
A spokesperson for Barclays noted that the bank was not involved in the deal between Aceco and KKR.
"Appropriate senior personnel within Barclays have been kept informed about this matter, and in particular regarding any management interactions with the parties concerned," the Barclays spokesperson said in an emailed statement.
(Reporting by Lawrence White and Dasha Afanasieva; editing by Alexander Smith)
Britain's Ian Poulter has regained their PGA Tour card for the rest of the season, a week after losing it.
The European Ryder Cup hero thought they had lost their full playing status after failing to earn enough points in a designated number of tournaments this season after returning from a foot injury that curtailed their 2016 campaign.
But the Tour recalculated their points tally based on a different formula and concluded they had done enough to keep their card through the end of the season.
"It's obviously a big bit of good news," Poulter told reporters at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans on Saturday.
"For the Tour to unanimously decide that was the fair thing to do, puts me in a very different situation, being able to play the Players (Championship) and all the remaining events I would like to play."
Englishman Poulter, 41, is best known for their stellar Ryder Cup performances, playing on the winning European team in four of five appearances in the event and racking up an impressive individual record of 12 wins, four losses and two halves.
American Brian Gay uncovered the discrepancy in points allocation for players coming back off medical exemptions and also benefited by retaining their own Tour card.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
* Forecast-beating euro zone inflation data boosts euro * Gold still set for second weekly loss, down 1.3 pct * Palladium rallies to two-year high at $831.50/oz * Coming up: Fed meeting May 2-3 (Updates prices; adds comment, byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, April 28 Gold rose on Friday as forecast-beating euro zone inflation data boosted the euro versus the dollar, while global stock markets retreated from Wednesday's record highs on concerns about global trade. The euro rose toward 5-1/2-month highs as the data was seen as keeping pressure on the European Central Bank to start dialing back stimulus measures as early as June. That lifted gold, which is priced in the U.S. currency. Spot gold was up 0.3 percent at $1,266.9 an ounce by 2:42 p.m. EDT (1842 GMT), on track to close April up 1.5 percent. U.S. gold futures for June delivery settled up 0.2 percent at $1,268.30. "At this point, $1,300 looks like it's more appealing for gold than $1,100," ING analyst Hamza Khan said. "A bit more weakness in the dollar, combined with more movements around North Korea, could be the situation that sets the stage for higher gold prices." Jitters over tensions in the Korean peninsula and the threat of a strong showing from an anti-European Union candidate in the French elections helped drive gold higher last week. However, it is now on track for its biggest weekly drop in seven as fading concerns over Korea and a strong showing in the first round of the French vote from centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron sharpened risk appetite, pressuring gold. "Most of the correction should be done by now," Commerzbank analyst Daniel Briesemann said. "We see good support at this level. There are a lot of uncertainties remaining." Banks remain stubbornly cautious on gold's price prospects this year in spite of a strong first-quarter performance, a Reuters poll showed on Friday, as the prospect of higher interest rates take the shine off the metal. Among other precious metals, silver was down 0.1 percent at $17.20 an ounce, after falling to $17.12, the lowest since March 15. Giovanni Staunovo, analyst for UBS Chief Information Office, said the bank shifted its three-month silver stance to bearish from bullish, cutting their price forecast to $16.50 an ounce from $20. "The impact of gold's weakness on silver prices could be amplified by near-record speculative long positions. Longer term, silver should relatively outperform gold," Staunovo said. Spot palladium was up 1.2 percent at $825, having touched a two-year high of $831.50. It was the only weekly gainer among the precious metals, set to finish the week up 4.2 percent. Platinum was up 0.1 percent at $941.50. (Additional reporting by Swati Verma and Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; editing by Susan Thomas and Chizu Nomiyama)
(Adds detail, comment)
BOGOTA May 3 Colombian state oil company Ecopetrol said on Wednesday it has discovered gas at an exploratory well it shares with U.S.-based Anadarko Petroleum Corp in deep waters in the Caribbean Sea, creating the possibility of developing a production cluster.
President Juan Manuel Santos said it was the biggest gas find in Colombia in 28 years and will allow the Andean nation to be energy self-sufficient for the coming decades.
Ecopetrol and Anadarko made the discovery in areas located between 3,675 and 4,415 meters below sea level in the south Caribbean Sea, close to the Kronos-1 and Purple Angel-1 wells in adjacent blocks.
"The presence of a set of gas fields in the area opens the possibility for Colombia to develop a cluster specialized in gas production, which would allow sharing of facilities and improve the profitability and efficiency of the projects," Ecopetrol said in a filing with the financial regulator.
The Gorgon-1 exploratory well is part of the Purple Angel block.
Ecopetrol said the three projects cover an area of about 14,000 square kilometers.
"This discovery allows us to further expand the Colombian market for natural gas, an economic and environmentally friendly fuel," Santos said in a televised address.
Ecopetrol is among the top four oil companies in Latin America, with operations in Colombia, Brazil, Peru, and the United States in the Gulf of Mexico. (Reporting by Nelson Bocanegra and Helen Murphy; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
Japan winger Yuyo Kubo's goalscoring form has vindicated the decision to select them over Keisuke Honda, coach Vahid Halilhodzic said after a 4-0 victory over Thailand in a World Cup qualifier on Tuesday.
The 23-year-old Belgian-based forward bagged a goal and two assists against Thailand in Saitama after scoring their first for the national side in the 2-0 win over the United Arab Emirates last week.
"Kubo showed their quality in these two games, they showed that they can play," Halilhodzic told Kyodo News.
"He scored two great goals and they can pass the ball as well. He's made me look good with the performances they had.
"I hope they continue to improve at this rate."
The result lifted the four-time Asian champions to the top of Group B along with Saudi Arabia in one of the two berths that guarantee tickets to Russia next year.
Halilhodzic, though, wants their side to sharpen their performance ahead of their last three games of the campaign against Iraq, Australia and the Saudis.
"We have to keep working, because these last three games will be even more difficult," Halilhodzic added.
"Iraq away will be a tough proposition for us."
Japan will face Iraq in Tehran on June 13 before hosting current Asian champions Australia on Aug. 31 and visiting the Saudis on Sept. 5.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
A relative touches the coffin of Paramjit Singh, an Indian army soldier who the Indian army says was killed by Pakistani soldiers while patrolling the de facto border in the disputed Kashmir region on Monday, in the village of Vein Poin on the outskirts of Amritsar, India May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Munish Sharma
People carry a coffin containing the body of Paramjit Singh, an Indian army soldier who the Indian army says was killed by Pakistani soldiers while patrolling the de facto border in the disputed Kashmir region on Monday, before their cremation in the village of Vein Poin on the outskirts of Amritsar, India May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Munish Sharma
Relatives console the wife (C) of Paramjit Singh, an Indian army soldier who the Indian army says was killed by Pakistani soldiers while patrolling the de facto border in the disputed Kashmir region on Monday, as their husband's body is taken away for cremation in the village of Vein Poin on the outskirts of Amritsar, India May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Munish Sharma
Members of Hindu Sena, a right wing Hindu group, burn posters of Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Pakistan's army chief Lieutenant General Qamar Javed Bajwa during a protest in New Delhi, India, May 2, 2017, against the killing of two Indian soldiers who were patrolling the de facto border in the disputed Kashmir region on Monday. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Members of Hindu Sena, a right wing Hindu group, burn posters of Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Pakistan's army chief Lieutenant General Qamar Javed Bajwa during a protest in New Delhi, India, May 2, 2017, against the killing of two Indian soldiers who were patrolling the de facto border in the disputed Kashmir region on Monday. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
People shout slogans as they hold portraits of Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Pakistan's army chief Lieutenant General Qamar Javed Bajwa during a protest organized by Shiv Sena, a Hindu hardline group, in Jammu, May 2, 2017, against the killing of two Indian soldiers who were patrolling the de facto border in the disputed Kashmir region on Monday. REUTERS/Mukesh Gupta
SRINAGAR, India India's army accused Pakistani troops of killing two of its soldiers patrolling the de facto border in the disputed Kashmir region on Monday before mutilating their bodies, and vowed to exact revenge.
Past accusations that Pakistani forces have mutilated dead Indian soldiers have outraged the Indian public and intensified the dispute between the two nuclear-armed neighbours over the Himalayan region.
Pakistan's military denied the allegations. It said there had been no violation of a ceasefire on the Kashmir frontier and that its soldiers had not mutilated the corpse of any Indian soldier.
The Indian army said Pakistani forces fired rockets and mortar bombs at two Indian posts on the Line of Control dividing Muslim-majority Kashmir between the two countries, in the Krishna Ghati sector.
"In a unsoldierly act by the Pak army the bodies of two of our soldiers in the patrol were mutilated," the Indian army said in an English-language statement, referring to Pakistani forces.
"Such despicable act of the Pakistan army will be appropriately responded."
Reuters was not able to verify independently the authenticity of the Indian account.
Pakistan's military described its army as a "highly professional force" that shall "never disrespect a soldier, even Indian."
FRAGILE CEASEFIRE
India and Pakistan have faced off for decades across the Line of Control, an old ceasefire line through the region that both countries claim in full but rule in part.
Sporadic cross-border attacks in past months have frayed the region's 2003 truce.
In a separate incident, militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir ambushed a van carrying cash for the state-run Jammu and Kashmir Bank, killing five police officers and two bank officials, a senior police official said. It wasn't initially clear if the militants had looted the cash.
The attack occurred in south Kashmir's Kulgam district, where protests against Indian rule have flared in recent weeks.
Both sides have previously accused each of violating the ceasefire and of beheading soldiers in the past.
India's Defence Minister Arun Jaitley, who also holds the finance portfolio, condemned the latest killings which they called "reprehensible and barbaric".
Peace talks between the two countries have been on hold for years and diplomatic engagement is at a minimum.
India accuses Pakistan of backing Islamist militants and encouraging them to attack Indian forces in Indian-controlled Kashmir and, occasionally, in other parts of India.
Pakistan denies that and says India must hold negotiations on the future of Kashmir.
(Additional reporting by Drazen Jorgic in ISLAMABAD, Writing by Sanjeev Miglani; Editing by Robert Birsel and Richard Lough)
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
DUBAI, March 28 Amazom.com has agreed to acquire Middle East online retailer Souq.com,, the two companies said in a joint statement on Tuesday.
The value of the deal was not disclosed.
"By becoming part of the Amazon family, we'll be able to vastly expand our delivery capabilities and customer selection much faster, as well as continue Amazon's great track record of empowering sellers," said Souq.com's co-founder, Syrian-born entrepreneur Ronaldo Mouchawar.
Reuters reported last week that Amazon had agreed in principle to buy Souq.com, the Dubai-based company which was started 12 years ago by Mouchawar. (Reporting by Alexander Cornwell; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Private lawyers seeking to represent Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman in their U.S. drug-trafficking case failed to get assurances Monday that they'll get paid, leaving the Mexican drug lord's defense in limbo.
During a hearing in federal court in Brooklyn, U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan told the lawyers that if they took the case, there was no guarantee that prosecutors wouldn't later seize their fees if they could show that the money came from their estimated $14 billion in drug profits.
"I'm not going to pressure the government to create a carve-out for counsel fees," Cogan said.
Guzman smiled and waved at family members as they were led into the courtroom, but they didn't speak during the brief appearance.
Afterward, the lawyers told reporters that they still hope to find a way to represent Guzman. They said they were waiting for them to consult with their sister on Thursday — the first jail visit he's had by family member since they were brought to the U.S. from Mexico in January.
"We are looking forward, desperately, to come into this case and fight for Joaquin Guzman. ... The guy has a constitutional right to the best counsel they can get," said one of the lawyers, Jeffrey Lichtman.
Prosecutors have argued that taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for their defense. But they also said in a letter to the court last week that the government will not "grant a blanket prospective assurance" that it won't go after money spent on a private defense.
Michelle Gelernt, a public defender currently representing Guzman, called that position "hypocritical."
Lichtman is known for successfully defended John "Junior" Gotti, son of the notorious organized crime family boss, at a 2005 trial. The younger Gotti walked free after an acquittal on a securities fraud count and a mistrial on more serious racketeering counts.
The lawyer said they have met with Guzman on a weekly basis, hoping to defend them at a trial in April.
"He is charming, funny, highly intelligent. I enjoyed getting to know him. ... I don't judge someone by what I read in the papers," Lichtman told The Associated Press last week.
Another candidate for the defense team, attorney Eduardo Balarezo, represented Mexican drug kingpin and former Guzman rival Alfredo Beltran Leyva in a separate U.S. drug case. Leyva was sentenced to life in prison earlier this year.
Guzman has pleaded not guilty to charges that their drug trafficking operation, the Sinaloa cartel, laundered billions of dollars and oversaw a ruthless campaign of murders and kidnappings.
The defense has claimed that he's being held in inhumane and overly restrictive conditions at a high-security jail in Manhattan known for housing alleged mobsters and terrorists.
The government has argued that their strict jail conditions are appropriate for someone who escaped from prison twice in Mexico, including once through a tunnel dug to the shower in their cell. Prosecutors said that even while they were behind bars in Mexico, Guzman used coded messages, bribes and other means to control their Sinaloa cartel and orchestrate their breakouts.
Canadian County District Judge Paul Hesse said this week that they will seek a full term in office.
Hesse was appointed to the position last year by Gov. Mary Fallin after District Judge Gary E. Miller retired in 2016 after six years as the county's only district judge.
Hesse said they will file for candidacy in April.
Hesse was a long-time prosecutor and served as the first assistant district attorney for Canadian County when they were appointed.
Hesse said that as a prosecutor, they were very passionate about seeking justice for victims of crime especially for the vulnerable in the community.
Hesse said many of the cases they prosecuted garnered widespread attention.
Hesse also served as a board member for the CART House, which is a children's advocacy center in El Reno, and the Intervention and Crisis Advocacy Network.
Hesse said their service as district judge has been exactly what they had hoped it would be.
They said they have enjoyed the challenge of resolving disputes between litigants and conducting jury trials.
In addition, Hesse oversees the county's drug court program.
Hesse said they want to continue to ensure that everyone receives fair and speedy administration of justice at the courthouse.
Hesse also expressed their appreciation for the opportunity to serve Canadian County in their new role and asked for voter support.
Hesse's wife, Mandy, is a teacher in the Mustang School District. The couple have three school-aged children who are active in sports, music and Scouts.
Hess said that in their free time, they enjoy playing indoor soccer and attending local sporting events.
LONDON, April 6 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Since a Danish wastewater plant produced more energy than it needed last year becoming a "green power station", engineers from Serbia to China have been lining up to learn how it has managed to turn wastewater into a valuable energy source.
Most water treatment plants - that convert wastewater and sewage into something that can go back into the water cycle - are energy hogs, with the race on to find technologies to cut electricity usage to save costs and the environment.
So international interest was piqued when the Marselisborg Wastewater Treatment Plant in Aarhus, Denmark's second largest city, generated nearly 70 percent more energy than it needed in 2016 following a 3 million euro ($3.2 million) upgrade.
This put Aarhus on track to become the first city in the world to provide and pump fresh water to all its citizens from energy created solely from household wastewater and sewage, escalating interest in how to make wastewater into a resource.
"We are only using the potential of wastewater," Per Overgaard Pedersen, a chief engineer at Aarhus Vand, the water company that runs Marselisborg, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in a phone interview.
"We're not using heat pumps, wind mills ... like many other places."
The Marselisborg plant says it became energy self-sufficient by extracting carbon from wastewater and sludge and pumping it into digesters with bacteria to produce biogas, mostly methane, that is burned to make heat and electricity.
While the process is not new, the success rate is, with Marselisborg putting this down to investing in new technologies and tailored equipment to stops leaks and cut maintenance costs.
Pedersen said investment in new technologies between 2003 and 2016 helped the Marselisborg plant reduce its power consumption by 33 percent.
"It's quite important for a utility like us," they said.
INTERNATIONAL FOCUS
Marselisborg is being heralded as an example and attracting international attention as the attitude towards wastewater changes.
The Paris-based International Energy Agency in its "World Energy Outlook 2016" singled out Marselisborg as an example of how wastewater treatment can be energy neutral in the future.
The United Nations, in a 2017 World Water Development Report last month, said wastewater shouldn't be seen as a problem but rather as a valuable resource which could help meet the demands for water, energy and nutrients.
Energy efficiency is important for utilities like Aarhus Vand because it can cut costs and aid the environment.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) says electricity accounts for 25 to 40 percent of water utilities' budgets, while the machinery running all day can be one of the biggest contributors to greenhouse gas emissions in a community.
Marselisborg, which annually treats more than 30 million cubic metres of wastewater from its 300,000 customers, uses the energy it generates to run sewer pumps and to pump clean water to its customers.
Excess heat and power - the equivalent of energy consumption of 500 households - is being sold to the local grid, providing additional income.
The plant produces 2.5 gigawatt (GW) of heat per year that it feeds into the local district heating system, which - combined with the surplus electricity - equals 99 percent of total energy needed for wastewater treatment and water supply.
"Taking that into consideration has made it possible to reduce our operational cost by approximately 3 to 4 percent," Pedersen said.
Although visitors from countries as far-flung as South Africa have come to learn from Marselisborg experience, Pedersen said adapting the plant's model might not work for everyone, especially smaller plants with fewer consumers.
"It's going to be difficult because for a smaller plant it will probably be too expensive to do the investment in the digesters," they said.
"In our context here in Denmark I think 100,000 persons would be a good guess (for the investment to be feasible) but it simply depends on what facilities you have in the plant and the local context." ($1 = 0.9371 euros) (Reporting by Magdalena Mis @magdalenamis1, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
On my way out of the Fleet Foxes show at the Santa Barbara Bowl on Tuesday night, I noticed a pile of earplugs, presumably for the patrons concerned about that show's volume. While earplugs weren't really needed for their harmony-rich indie folk, I'm certainly glad I grabbed some, because my next stop was SOhO Restaurant & Music Club for The Joy Formidable.
The Joy Formidable came together a few years ago in the North Wales town Yr Wyddgrug. (As a hint for how to pronounce this, I recall from my junior year in Wales that “dd” is pronounced “th”; if you prefer, the English name of the town is Mold.) The band still has founding members and childhood friends Ritzy Bryan (vocals and guitar) and Rhydian Dafydd (bass guitar), who are now joined by Matt Thomas (drums).
After some singles and an EP, things really gelled for the band with its 2011 debut album The Big Roar, which provided seven of the eight songs played (at high volume) at SOhO. The band's sound is dominated by Bryan's piercing vocals and their super distorted guitar, the latter helped by a formidable set of effects pedals. And as a spunky, pint-sized platinum blonde with expressive eyes ripping it up on guitar, Bryan also dominates one's attention with their stage presence.
The highlight of the concert was certainly the hit “Whirring” — think “All these things about me you never can tell” — which I don't get tired of hearing despite its heavy rotation on KJEE. As the last song of the show, the band really jammed this one out, including Bryan shaking their guitar in front of the amp as a sacrifice to the feedback gods and them “playing” their effects pedals.
Another stand-out song was the power pop gem, “Cradle,” but really there wasn't a dull song in the 45-minute set.
The band seemed to be enjoying its visit to Santa Barbara, promising that they'd be back soon. Catch them when they do — just don't forget your earplugs.
Setlist
A Heavy Abacus
Greyhounds In The Slips
Austere
Ostrich
The Greatest Light Is The Greatest Shade
Cradle
Buoy
Whirring
— Noozhawk contributing writer Jeff Moehlis is a professor of mechanical engineering at UCSB. Upcoming show recommendations, advice from musicians, interviews and more are available on their Web site, music-illuminati.com.
FILE PHOTO - The headquarters of Germany's Deutsche Bank are seen early evening in Frankfurt, Germany January 31, 2017. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
FRANKFURT Germany's Deutsche Bank AG (DBKGn.DE) has bought a 12.5 percent stake in auction platform TrustBills, the bank said on Monday.
The terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Founded in 2015, Germany-based financial technology company TrustBills is an electronic marketplace for national and international trade receivables.
(Reporting by Alexander Huebner; Writing by Edward Taylor; Editing by Mark Potter)
April 13 First Horizon National Corp
* Q1 earnings per share $0.23
* First horizon national corp - net interest income ( nii ) decreased to $189.7 million in q1 from $195.6 million in q4
* First horizon national corp - qtrly total revenue $306.6 million versus $306.4 million
* First horizon national corp - common equity tier 1 of 10.15 percent in first quarter compared to 9.94 percent in prior quarter
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.23, revenue view $323.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
BEIJING An explosion in northern China's Shanxi province on Saturday evening killed at least nine and injured six, state news agency Xinhua reported.
The blast occurred in a residential building and was believed to have been caused by illegally stored explosives, Xinhua said. An investigation was underway.
A number of buildings collapsed and search and rescue work continued on Sunday afternoon, said state broadcaster CCTV.
China has a poor record of industrial explosive accidents in residential areas.
In October, 14 people were killed in neighbouring Shaanxi province when a blast caused by illegally stored explosives destroyed a block of prefabricated houses.
A province-wide investigation into explosive production and storage was launched following the incident.
Both Shanxi and Shaanxi have large coal mining industries, where explosives are regularly used.
(Reporting by Cate Cadell; Editing by Randy Fabi)
March 29 Bucharest Stock Exchange Chief Executive Ludwik Sobolewski tells Reuters in an interview on sidelines of World Exchange Congress:
* "Reasonable grounds to assume" that bourse could be upgraded to secondary emerging market this year by FTSE Russell
* Bucharest bourse not on watch list of MSCI yet, we are in dialogue with them
* A large private company is planning an IPO worth several hundred million euros in the near future
* This private company to announce intention to float "very soon"
* Private company planning IPO not involved in utilities or oil and gas sector but in a "lighter industry," declines to name it
* State-owned power company Hidroelectrica could be floated this year
* Hidroelectrica and unspecified private company planning IPO would lift number of major shares on Bucharest exchange to five
* After Hidroelectrica, next companies to be listed could be Airport of Bucharest and Port of Constanta, but not this year (Reporting by Gergely Szakacs and Krisztina Than)
On Monday's Breitbart News Daily, Pamela Geller, president of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, discussed the anti-sharia law marches that took place this weekend.
“It's great to see Americans are waking up,” Geller said in the interview with host Raheem Kassam. “Sharia is the most brutal and extreme system of governance ideology on the face of the Earth. It is misogynistic. It is anti-Semitic. It is anti-infidel. It is anti-gay. It is anti-free speech.”
“It is, as Sam Harris said, the ‘motherlode of bad ideas,'” they continued. “And, of course, it's been slow in educating the American people because you have this enormous machine, this leftist-Islamic machine that controls much of the information battlespace – if it's media or culture, movies, entertainment, and even in the coverage of these marches, it was enormously and wildly slanted, which, of course, we're used to.”
“But the American people are waking up. Clearly, they're waking up in Europe as well, although, of course, I was disappointed, unquestionably, in the U.K. elections because I just think Labor and Corbyn are so to the left of bad,” Geller added.
Later in the interview, Kassam noted that the UK government was quick to block people like Geller from entering the country because their speech was classified as ‘unacceptably divisive.' At the same time, they opened their door to 23,000 jihadis.
“Oh, I completely agree. The fact is, you're not going to have me advocate for May. They did ban me and said Muslims might get violent if I was to appear,” Geller said, referring to actions British Prime Minister Theresa May took as home secretary. “Well, you know, how did that work out for you, PM May?”
What do you think of Geller's comments? Do you agree or did they take things too far?
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
The newly crowned King Puck goat is hoisted to the top of a platform above the town where it will be held for the duration of Puck Fair which is three days in Killorglin. Organizers say King Puck is to be treated royally during their brief reign with a...more
The newly crowned King Puck goat is hoisted to the top of a platform above the town where it will be held for the duration of Puck Fair which is three days in Killorglin. Organizers say King Puck is to be treated royally during their brief reign with a diet of ash tree branches, water and cabbage to sustain them until they return to their mountain home following their dethronement ceremony. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne
Close
April 5 Unitech Ltd
* Clarifies on news item "Unitech MDs arrested by EOW for duping flat buyers"
* Says managing directors of co been taken into custody for delay in delivery of a project
* Co taking appropriate available remedies, in accordance with law
* Co and its officials are fully co-operating with authorities
* Says day to day operations of co fully functional
* There is no fraud committed with any customer Source text: bit.ly/2nWn2JS Further company coverage:
KIEV The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) will not engage in more projects with the Ukrainian anti-corruption agency NAZK at this point but remains open to future cooperation, the U.S. Embassy in Kiev said on Thursday.
NAZK has been mired in controversy and blamed by the prime minister this week for delays to a flagship scheme obliging public officials and lawmakers to declare their assets in a publicly searchable database by the start of April.
The row underscored the patchiness of Ukrainian efforts to deliver on reforms promised to allies and the International Monetary Fund as part of a $40 billion bailout for its economy, which has been battered by conflict with pro-Russian separatists. [L5N1H64L4]
Adding fuel to the fire, NAZK's deputy head said on Wednesday that USAID had suspended cooperation with the agency to punish Kiev after lawmakers voted to amend a key piece of anti-corruption legislation. NAZK's chief denied this.
In its first comments since then, the U.S. Embassy said USAID currently supported one project with NAZK to do with party political financing. There had been discussion of other potential programmes, it said.
"We are not moving forward at this time, but the door remains open to potential additional future cooperation," the U.S. Embassy said in an emailed statement to Reuters, without specifying why USAID was not proceeding with new programmes.
The initiative obliging officials to publish their wealth was rolled out last year but has suffered repeated delays. Activists say vested interests have tried to sabotage it.
Corruption is endemic in the ex-Soviet republic. Critic says oligarchs control vast wealth, investors are routinely ripped off, and public officials take bribes. The Economy Ministry reckons around 35 percent of Ukrainian GDP runs in a shadow economy.
Nevertheless, the wealth declarations of leading politicians and officials have stunned Ukrainians, as officials on modest salaries listed millions of dollars in cash, expensive watches or luxury cars.
But activists say a recent legislative amendment forcing NGOs to declare their assets too would open them up to intimidation from law enforcement agencies with a vested interest in shutting down corruption investigations.
A group of G7 diplomats flagged their concern over the amendment at a meeting with President Petro Poroshenko this week. They promised to set up a working group on the issue.
Previously, USAID ended funding for a flagship customs reform project in the southern Odessa region as plans to tackle bribe-taking there petered out.
(Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Donald Trump's patriotic immigrant wife had to nudge the president during the National Anthem so that they remembered to put their hand over their heart.
Following a tradition established in 1878, President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump kicked off the annual Easter egg roll at the White House Monday. But as the national anthem rolled out, Trump failed to do one simple thing: Put their hand over their heart.
Noticing their husband had failed to catch up, Melania nudged the president in a gesture that promptly reminded them what they had to do next.
The subtle nudge from Melania reminding Trump to put their hand over their heart for the National Anthem pic.twitter.com/iswL9YMVWv — Lis Power (@LisPower1) April 17, 2017
People on social media were quick to notice, taking the trolling of the president to Twitter.
@CapehartJ They had to nudge the 'prez' to make them put their hand over their heart during the national anthem. She's embarrassed — K. Ag (@KatyDSam) April 17, 2017
Did y'all notice how Melania had to nudge them to put their hand over their heart? The president forgot to put their hand over their heart. LOL. https://t.co/GCpOKZxU3J — XILLONA (@aloaizaaa) April 17, 2017
Calling it the "best nudge ever," many were in awe at their lack of respect while others were just cracking some jokes.
best nudge ever tbh pic.twitter.com/nax2qKJAEJ — jeff in real life (@thecultureofme) April 17, 2017
@DaniellaMicaela they need a nudge out of the White House — Dem Zimmer (@robertzimmer101) April 17, 2017
Petition to rename Melania 'Nudge Judy' https://t.co/4WaIntDyCQ — Garrett Bond (@Garrettisajoke) April 17, 2017
Some even noted that Melania, an immigrant, was the one who had to remind the president they had to put their hand over their heart.
Wow! It's incredibly amazing that the"immigrant First Lady"has to nudge @POTUS when our National Anthem starts??Could they be any more pathetic?? https://t.co/gARag26mzn — CavsFan4Life (@MizDelish) April 17, 2017
And others pointed out that, if this had happened with President Barack Obama, conservatives would react much more negatively — especially if Michelle were an immigrant.
@foxnewspolitics @FoxNews Where's the clip of when @FLOTUS had to nudge @POTUS to put their hand on their heart for the anthem? If this was Obama it'd be @FOXTV headline — Linda Marie Beecham (@LindaMBeecham) April 17, 2017
Not huge deal, but can you imagine how Trumpsters would react if Michelle wasn't born here & had to nudge Barack to do this? #EasterEggRoll https://t.co/qYpeHARWZN — John Ziegler (@Zigmanfreud) April 17, 2017
Regardless of what would have happened under different circumstances, it's surely nice to see that, at least in this case, the immigrant wife is showing more enthusiast in following American traditions by saluting the anthem than the actual American president. But to those who are wondering, that isn't the exception.
According to the General Social Survey, immigrants and Hispanics often display patriotic feelings that are virtually identical to those displayed by Americans. So the idea that immigrants wouldn't be as dedicated to following American traditions is just baloney.
As you can see, your birthplace won't necessarily determine allegiances or patriotism.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Participants dressed as Jedi Knight characters from the Star Wars movies, perform with their lightsaber props during the opening day of ''Star Wars Celebration Japan'' at the Makuhari Messe in Chiba, east of Tokyo July 19, 2008. REUTERS/Issei Kato
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - The code names bankers and companies attach to their mergers and acquisitions can reveal much about their own hubris. Last year, according to a study by data company IntraLinks, the most popular secret deal names included Project Diamond and Project Falcon – even though most mergers fall short of their potential. Breakingviews has taken some actual code names from the past year, and applied them to deals that seem particularly fitting.
LSE-Deutsche Boerse: Project Rocky
Sylvester Stallone's movie tells the story of a down-on-his-luck slugger who takes on insurmountable odds but still, ultimately, loses. In a similar vein, the punch-drunk bosses of the UK and German stock exchanges battled on for a year with their $30 billion merger despite failing to convince their shareholders of the merits, and Britain voting to leave Europe part way through. Rocky Balboa eventually gets beaten by rival Apollo Creed. European antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager plays that role off screen, mercifully sucker-punching the deal last month.
Pfizer-Allergan: Project Phoenix
Like the mythical bird, the two pharmaceuticals giants' $160 billion merger was destined for spectacular self-immolation. It had nothing to recommend it other than massive tax advantages from basing the combined company in Allergan's Ireland headquarters. Politically, that proved a little too hot to handle – the U.S. Treasury killed off the so-called inversion trade last April. There's a degree of regeneration for the U.S. Viagra maker, at least: its shares have narrowly outperformed the sector since the deal incinerated.
Kraft-Unilever: Project Jedi
When a group of nimble underdogs takes on the bloat of a giant empire, “Star Wars” is the obvious comparison. But which side is which? Snack maker Kraft Heinz saw an opportunity in February to apply a cost-cutting lightsaber to the Anglo-Dutch regime's sub-par operating margin. Unilever, though, used the Force to deflect a bid that would curtail long-term investment and require heavy job losses. Unilever has now embarked on its own Jedi quest to unlearn what it had learned, starting with a possible sale of its spread-making business.
Bayer-Monsanto: Project Gandalf
The venerable “Lord of the Rings” wizard comes a cropper in the first book of J. R. R. Tolkien's epic when they plummet into a dark pit while taking on a large and ugly monster. Shares in Germany's Bayer fell almost as precipitously last year after it overpaid for Monsanto in a $66 billion deal that necessitated a similarly monstrous helping of debt. It didn't help that the $17 billion premium easily outstripped the $12 billion present value of cost cuts. Gandalf, of course, came back restored and more powerful later in the trilogy. Bayer should be so lucky.
HNA-everything: Project Goldfinger
In the James Bond film, a mysterious outsider with an eye for trinkets sets their sinister sights on limitless wealth. Chinese travel group HNA is similarly entranced by all that it thinks glitters, spending tens of billions of dollars on a mish-mash of assets ranging from a stake in Deutsche Bank to U.S. computer wholesaler Ingram. In reality there's nothing obviously sinister about HNA beyond the fact that it was barely known until recently, but its grand plan is no less puzzling. Goldfinger's fate was to be sucked out of an aeroplane window; the Chinese group may just end up jettisoning value.
Willie Nelson cuts show short, cites Utah's high altitude
hello
FILE - In this Jan. 7, 2017, file photo, Willie Nelson performs in Nashville, Tenn. Nelson blamed Utah's high altitude for forcing them to cut a suburban Salt Lake City show short on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY -- Willie Nelson is blaming Utah's high altitude for forcing them to cut a performance near Salt Lake City short.
Nelson ended their show early at the USANA Amphitheatre in suburban West Valley City on Sunday night.
They later apologized in a statement posted to their Twitter and Facebook accounts. The 84-year-old country music legend explained: "The altitude got to me. I am feeling better now and headed for lower ground."
Nelson's publicist didn't immediately respond to a request for further comment Monday.
Nelson was forced to cancel several concerts earlier this year because of what their publicist said was a bad cold.
São Paulo, April 13 GPA SA, Brazil's biggest retailer, reported a 9.5 percent rise in first-quarter net revenue from its food division to 10.553 billion reais ($3.37 billion), according to a securities filing on Thursday.
Sales surged 28.8 percent in the Assaí cash-and-carry unit, but grew just 0.4 percent at the Extra and Pão de Açúcar supermarket chains. Via Varejo SA, the appliance division that GPA is looking to sell, separately reported a 2.2 percent rise in net revenue to 5.993 billion reais, as sales rose 4.2 percent at physical stores and fell 5.7 percent online.
($1 = 3.13 reais) (Reporting by Brad Haynes)
ZURICH Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) is conducting an internal investigation over whether staff breached compliance rules after three of its offices were searched in tax evasion probes, the head of its International Wealth Management division said on Friday.
"The investigation will be executed by compliance, it will not be executed by the business," Iqbal Khan, who is responsible for Credit Suisse's private banking operations outside Switzerland and Asia Pacific, said in a telephone interview with Reuters.
"If any individuals are implicated or have violated against these processes or procedures or policies that are in place then we will identify that very quickly."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Bhopal: OMSOFTWARE – a mobile app development company headquartered in Bhopal, India – with a trusted track record of offering ROI-driven mobile applications to businesses world over – is pleased to announce its capability extension. The company with experienced mobile application developers on board will have one of its core focuses into developing futuristic applications.
“OMSOFTWARE develops applications based on the existing demands of the market and pinpointed requirements drafted by its valued customers. Around 179 billion mobile applications are downloaded per year and this is a huge number. While mobile applications are drawing a sustained foothold in the marketing world, the consumer preferences are evolving and in order to be in the race, companies need to sense tomorrow today,” says Mr. Rajkamal, CEO of OMSOFTWARE.
“Our forte is in identifying the technologies that are redefining the Concept Of Mobile Application Development today and thus working on them to help our clients become future-proof while enabling then with complete organic digital transformation,” continues Mr. Rajkamal.
OMSOFTWARE works with leading technologies across mobile application processes and verticals, including wearable devices, cross platforms applications, IoT, cloud computing apps, enterprise applications, M- commerce, motion and location sensing etc. The core focus is on developing highly result-driven, future-oriented, value-focused applications that help clients not just outperform, and shine but sustain in this competitive marketplace.
To learn more about how OMSOFTWARE can help you design future ready, on-demand mobile applications, feel free to schedule a free consultation today with one of our marketing executives!
About OMSOFTWARE – OM Software is one of the leading IT and ITES players in the industry that offer smartest and proven IT services. Possessing maximum expertise and experience in wide-ranging domains, the company offers a variety of digital transformation and marketing solutions for clients worldwide
Contact
33-3D Saket Nagar Bhopal,MP (IN)-462024
info@omsoftware.net
Mobile +91- 9713107866
+91-755-2800241
https://www.omsoftware.net
RPT-EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
FILE PHOTO: A Barclays bank office is seen at Canary Wharf in London, Britain May 19, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - Chief executive officer of Barclays, Jes Staley, takes part in the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit in New York, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
LONDON Barclays chief executive Jes Staley's attempts to unmask a whistleblower will be a test case for a regime put in place last year that aims to hold bank bosses to account if they fail to defend reinforced standards.
At stake is not just the image of a bank whose chief executive promised to reform its aggressive culture but also the efficacy of the fledgling Senior Managers Regime, which aims, among other things, to protect those who risk their jobs bringing wrongdoing to light.
Earlier this week, Barclays said it had reprimanded Staley and would cut their bonus after they twice attempted to identify the author of a letter that revealed "concerns of a personal nature" about an unnamed senior employee.
Britain's Financial Conduct Authority and the Bank of England's Prudential Regulation Authority, which vetted Staley's appointment as CEO, are investigating the bank and Staley to see what other penalties might be warranted.
Staley also faces scrutiny from parliament's Treasury Select Committee, which successfully pushed for the departure of Bank of England Deputy Governor Charlotte Hogg for failing to register that their brother worked for a bank, a potential conflict of interest.
Andrew Tyrie, chairperson of the committee, described Staley's actions as presenting a "test case" that would show whether the Senior Managers Regime was "capable of providing meaningful scrutiny and accountability of financial institutions".
"Now they (regulators) need to get on with the job," said Tyrie, cautioning that "the Treasury Committee will examine their conclusions, and the process by which they arrive at them, very carefully".
The regime, introduced by the Bank of England and the Financial Conduct Authority in March 2016, makes managers personally accountable for their actions in order to set what regulators have described as the right "tone at the top".
Among other things, bosses are required to respect rules to protect whistleblowing. The penalty can be a ban from industry or a fine.
Eric Havian, a former U.S. state prosecutor and lawyer who represents whistleblowers in the United States, said they believed Barclays has not gone far enough to penalise Staley.
"I think Barclays needs to impose a much more serious sanction," they said. "This is the kind of thing that creates a long-term corrosive atmosphere in the company and it's a mistake for the bank not to treat this seriously."
PARLIAMENT DEMAND
Introducing the managers' regime was a central demand of the British parliament's commission on banking standards, also chaired by Tyrie, in the aftermath of the 2007-09 financial crisis.
Tyrie and fellow lawmakers were dismayed by the rarity of whistleblowing in the British banking industry, especially after no-one flagged wrongdoing in the case of manipulation of the Libor interest rate benchmark, which involved mostly British banks and included Barclays.
Some lawmakers had gone so far as to suggest that Britain adopt the U.S. model of compensating whistleblowers - an idea ultimately rejected by regulators.
Martin Wheatley, the then-chief executive of the FCA, said in March 2015 that the senior manager's regime was not about putting "heads on sticks". But the watchdog will nonetheless face pressure from lawmakers to show that the regime works.
Barclays, which declined to comment for this report, is already battling lawsuits and criticism from politicians in the United States and Britain over its conduct before and during the 2008 financial crisis.
The U.S. Department of Justice is suing the bank and two former executives over charges of fraud in the sale of tens of billions of mortgage securities.
In Britain, the bank faces investigations by regulators into payments made to Qatari investors in the course of an emergency 2008 fundraising, and continuing questions about how much its executives knew about traders' manipulation of the Libor interest rate.
Staley has attempted to show contrition, publicly apologising for their actions and saying their actions were motivated by a desire to prevent what they thought was an unfair attack. They visited the staff canteen this week.
Some investors, who believe that Staley has done a good job running the bank since they became chief executive in December 2015, have publicly backed him, and the news has so far had little impact on the bank's stock price.
"This was a failure of judgement not of principle. It was a pretty human failing and that's why I feel the board have got it right in backing him," said Crispin Odey, London-based founder of Odey Asset Management, which owns shares in Barclays.
Regulators may take a different view.
"The ultimate sanction would be that they are not 'fit and proper'," said one employment lawyer who advises banks, asking not to be named.
Euan Stirling of Standard Life Investments, which owns shares in Barclays, said other banks would do well to watch the outcome of the case.
"One of the things you have to consider, and it's particularly pertinent with a bank: Look at the way that profitability has been destroyed over the past 10 years and it's been by governance failures. So you ignore that at your peril."
(Additional reporting by Simon Jessop; Editing by John O'Donnell and Sonya Hepinstall)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 Capitaland Ltd :
* Capitaland ltd - establishment of new wholly owned subsidiaries aspinden hotel reit llc, aspinden sm llc , aspinden trs llc
* Capitaland ltd - establishment of subsidiaries not expected to have any material impact on eps of capitaland group for financial year ending 31 dec 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
EU and Union flags fly above Parliament Square during a United for Europe march, in central London, Britain March 25, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
BRUSSELS European Union leaders agreed a set of negotiating guidelines for talks on Britain's withdrawal from the bloc, which should be completed in two years.
Here is a timeline to Brexit, based on a mixture of public information and estimations by EU sources:
THE TRIGGER
Wednesday, March 29 - British Prime Minister Theresa May sent a letter to European Council President Donald Tusk confirming the plan to leave and formally launching the process, nine months after Britons voted in a referendum on June 23.
SUMMIT, GUIDELINES, RECOMMENDATIONS
Saturday, April 29 - EU27 leaders met in Brussels to approve 8 pages of negotiating guidelines and mandate Frenchman Michel Barnier, a former European Commissioner, as chief negotiator.
Wednesday, May 3 - European Commission, the EU executive, to approve its recommendations to the Council, the body grouping the member states, on how negotiations should be structured. Barnier has worked these out in coordination with the Council and they go into somewhat more detail on what the EU wants.
DIRECTIVES
Monday, May 22 - EU27 ministers meet to agree negotiating directives. Based on the Commission recommendations, these are the legal texts that give Barnier power to open negotiations and limit them on what they can offer London - for example, they will not be able to discuss a post-Brexit trade deal for now.
UK ELECTION
Thursday, June 8 - On April 18, May called a snap election they hope will increase their Conservative Party's slim majority. Some EU officials think that could give them more leeway to compromise, depending on the strength of Brexit hardliners in their party.
FACE TO FACE
From June 12 - Finally, nearly a year after the referendum, British negotiators, probably led by current Brexit Secretary David Davis, will sit down with Barnier. However, it is possible some "talks about talks" may get underway after May 22. Both sides can save time by fixing procedural arrangements - who will meet whom where, speaking what language and so on.
THE DIVORCE DEAL
Autumn 2017 - Tusk says the EU27 will review in the autumn whether "sufficient progress" has been made in outlining a Withdrawal Treaty for negotiators to move on to a second phase of talks to discuss a post-Brexit free trade deal. First the EU wants to settle key issues: how to calculate an exit bill for Britain's outstanding commitments; treatment of British and EU expats; dealing with outstanding EU legal cases; new borders.
Leaders could discuss progress at a summit on Oct. 19-20 and take a decision on launching Phase 2 at the next, on Dec. 14-15.
TIGHT DEADLINE
Oct-Nov 2018 - Barnier's target to finalise the Withdrawal Treaty, to give time for ratification by the European Parliament and a majority in the European Council by March 2019.
Autumn 2018 to Spring 2019 - The Scottish government wants an independence vote once the terms of a Brexit deal are clear. But May has rejected the call and Scottish voters seem lukewarm.
B-DAY
Friday, March 29, 2019 - Barring surprises, Britain leaves at midnight, at the end of the last business day of the quarter.
A PERIOD OF TRANSITION
May and EU leaders say transitional arrangements may well be needed, to allow more time to agree a future trade deal and give people and businesses time to adjust to the divorce. Many see another two to five years after Brexit for a final settlement.
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
U.S. President Donald Trump presents the U.S. Air Force Academy football team with the Commander-in-Chief trophy in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
DUBAI A majority of young Arabs see Donald Trump's election as the factor most influencing their region in the next five years, a survey published on Wednesday showed, and they expressed concern that the U.S. president was anti-Muslim.
Trump signed an executive order in March banning citizens from six Muslim-majority nations from travelling to the United States, citing security reasons, but the action was blocked by a court.
The annual survey by Dubai-based public relations firm ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller of people aged between 18-24 across 16 Arab countries showed 64 percent of respondents viewed the Trump presidency with "concern, anger or fear".
Eighty-three percent viewed Trump unfavourably, far up from the 52 percent recorded by their predecessor Barack Obama and even exceeding the 77 percent disapproval rating for George W. Bush, whose invasion of Iraq made them especially unpopular in the Arab world.
Around 70 percent of respondents said Trump was anti-Muslim. Half said their proposed travel ban would make it easier for militant groups to recruit young Muslims.
Respondents listed oil prices as the factor next most likely to impact the region in the next five years, followed by the Islamic State group, which was seen as the biggest challenge in the region in last year's poll.
The survey was based on 3,500 face-to-face interviews carried out in countries ranging from Morocco and Egypt to Jordan and Saudi Arabia.
(Reporting By Dubai Newsroom; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Manx rider Dan Kneen has died following a crash during practice for the Isle of Man TT on Wednesday evening.
The Tyco BMW rider came off on the first lap of the Superbike session at Churchtown on the run towards Ramsey.
Dan Kneen pictured before practice on Tuesday evening at the Isle of Man TT.
Kneen joined the Moneymore-based team after impressing last year at the Ulster Grand Prix, when they were called in as a replacement for the injured Ian Hutchinson.
They made a winning start to the new road racing season at the Tandragee 100 earlier this month, where they won the feature Superbike race after finishing as the runner-up in the opener.
Their death comes 15 years to the day when TT legend David Jefferies was killed in practice at the event, riding for Northern Ireland's TAS Racing team.
A statement said: "ACU Events Ltd regrets confirming that Dan Kneen, 30, from Onchan in the Isle of Man died this evening following injuries sustained during the Superbike qualifying session on the Isle of Man.
"Dan had an accident at Churchtown on the first lap of the session and died at the scene of the incident.
"Dan made their mountain course debut at the Manx Grand Prix in 2008 and won an unprecedented three races – the Junior, the Newcomers C and the Ultra Lightweight MGP Races.
"He achieved their first TT podium in last year's Superstock Race, finishing third in the Superstock TT Race. They have the fastest official lap of 130.347mph which they set in last year's Superstock Race and recorded a lap of 132.258mph (17:06.994) in last night's Superbike qualifying session.
"ACU Events Ltd wishes to pass on their deepest sympathy to Dan's partner Leanne, their family and their many friends in the road racing community and beyond."
In a second incident, a rider was involved in a collision with a course car at Ballacrye.
The session was abandoned after a full course red flag was declared, with riders brought back to the grandstand in the opposite direction.
March 30 A portion of the Interstate 85 highway collapsed in Atlanta on Thursday due to a fire under the bridge, the city's fire and rescue agency said.
There were no immediate reports of casualties in the incident but Atlanta Fire and Rescue said on Twitter that all lanes were blocked and that residents should avoid the area. (Reporting by Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Sandra Maler)
April 10 Jiangxi Zhengbang Technology Co Ltd :
* Says co's Hong Kong-based wholly owned unit Zhengbang(Hong Kong) Trading Limited and co's Jiangxi-based breeding unit planed to invest totaling $10 million to set up a animal husbandry JV in Jiangsu province
* Says Zhengbang(Hong Kong) Trading Limited and Jiangxi-based breeding unit will hold a 80 percent stake and a 20 percent stake in JV respectively
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Ygiyh3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Thomas Buberl, CEO of French insurer AXA, speaks during the company's 2016 annual results presentation in Paris, France, February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
ZURICH French insurer AXA (AXAF.PA) has no interest in taking over either Italian or peer Generali (GASI.MI) or Swiss group Zurich Insurance (ZURN.S), Chief Executive Thomas Buberl told Swiss magazine Bilanz.
"We're big enough," Buberl said in an interview published on Thursday. "I don't need Zurich, I don't need Generali. Many groups are big in just two or three markets. We belong to the top players in eight to 10 markets."
Buberl said there was "no chance" Axa would join wider market interest in purchasing Generali.
Axa's focus at the moment was on better reaching customers, they said.
(Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi; Editing by Michael Shields)
The Senior Systems Software Engineer at Stern Pinball is responsible for maintaining the core system software used in Stern pinball machines.
This includes maintenance of legacy code, implementing new features and requirements for new games and hardware. This also involves creating and maintaining software for test fixtures used to test hardware during manufacturing. The Systems Software engineer will interact with game developers to assist them with implementing games on the system, and identifying and implementing new features to support game development.
The Systems Software Engineer will interact with Hardware engineers and technicians to help define, bring up, test, and debug new hardware, as well as help troubleshoot existing hardware. The Systems Software engineer is also responsible for troubleshooting and resolving issues that arise in the field.
- 5+ years' experience programming applications in C/C++
- Experience with multi-threaded applications in C and C++ (posix) and understanding of synchronization primitives, real time schedulers, and cooperative multitasking schedulers.
- Familiarity with Linux kernel internals, device drivers, kernel modules, kernel configuration.
- Experience with command and control of devices (solenoids, lamps (LED's), motors, etc.) in a real time environment.
- Good written and oral communication skills.
- Excellent debugging skills and problem-solving skills.
- Ability to read and understand a schematic.
- Experience with ARM processers and ARM assembly a plus.
- Experience with Yocto build environment a plus.
- Experience with OpenGL and 2d/3d graphics rendering pipelines a plus.
- Experience with audio programming a plus.
* Ex-dividend adjustments seen about 130 points
* Kansai Electric jumps after court rules in favor of co
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, March 29 Japan's Nikkei share average edged down in choppy trade on Wednesday morning as ex-dividend share price adjustments pressured the market and offset positive sentiment from gains in Wall Street overnight.
The Nikkei dropped 0.2 percent to 19,165.66 in midmorning trade after opening a tad higher.
About 130 points are cut from the Nikkei by the ex-dividend price adjustment, according to market participants.
Stocks which were bought ex-dividend on Tuesday by investors hunting for higher yields languished, with Takeda Pharmaceutical stumbling 2.3 percent and Japan Tobacco Inc falling 0.7 percent.
Exporters and banking stocks lost ground, with Toyota Motor Corp falling 1.4 percent, Nissan Motor Co shedding 2.2 percent and Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group declining 1.3 percent.
U.S. stocks ended sharply higher overnight helped by data showing U.S. consumer confidence had soared to a more than 16-year high.
"The market takes heart from strong U.S. economic data, and sentiment in the overall market is not bad," said Yutaka Miura, a senior technical analyst at Mizuho Securities, adding that without the ex-dividend price adjustments, the Nikkei would have been solid.
Other market participants said that with the uncertainty over U.S. President Donald Trump's ability to push through their planned tax cuts and stimulus policies, investors remain cautious about taking large positions in the near term.
The utility sector outperformed, rising 2.3 percent and being the best sectoral performer on the board after Kansai Electric Power jumped 9 percent after a Japanese high court on Tuesday overturned a lower court's order to shut two reactors operated by the company.
The broader Topix shed 0.1 percent to 1,543.73 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 declined 0.1 percent to 13,805.71. (Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Eric Meijer)
ACCRA, April 13 The Bank of Ghana said the yield on its 91-day bill fell to 16.3542 at a weekly auction on Thursday from 16.7097 percent last week.
The bank said it accepted 643.37 million cedis ($152.45 million) worth of bids, having offered 1 billion cedis, which will be issued on April 17.
For full details, click here: here%201533.pdf
($1 = 4.2200 Ghanaian cedis) (Writing by Kwasi Kpodo; editing by Richard Lough)
The Venezuelan community in Panama takes part in a demonstration against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government, in Panama City, Panama, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Lemos
The Venezuelan community in Panama takes part in a demonstration against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government, in Panama City, Panama, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Lemos
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro attends the opening ceremony of a container terminal at the port in La Guaira, Venezuela April 28, 2017. Picture taken April 28, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
CARACAS Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said on Sunday they expected delayed state polls to be held this year, although opponents have demanded a broader general election to replace them in protests that have sparked 29 deaths.
The postponed vote for governors of Venezuela's 23 states - originally slated for 2016 - is one of a litany of opposition grievances against Maduro whom foes accuse of becoming a dictator and wrecking the economy.
During their weekly TV programme, "Sundays With Maduro," the 54-year-old socialist leader said gubernatorial elections would happen later this year although the opposition's real agenda was to topple them with a U.S.-backed coup.
"I am anxious for an electoral process to be called," they told supporters on the live show, saying the election board, or CNE, first had to finish legalizing political parties.
"Then the CNE will fix the pending governor elections, for this year. ... Venezuela's problem is not that there won't be elections this year. Venezuela's problem is that an empire in extremists' hands wants to take our oil and carry out a coup."
The government party controls 20 states, but polls indicate the opposition would now win a majority of the states, given voter anger over the OPEC nation's brutal recession.
The next presidential election is due for late 2018, but the opposition wants that brought forward to this year and bundled with legislative, state and mayoral elections.
In a special programme to celebrate the construction of 1.6 million housing units under a six-year state project begun by their predecessor, Hugo Chavez, the president lambasted their opponents for violence occurring around protests.
The 29 fatalities include supporters of both sides and a National Guard sergeant, most killed by bullets.
Hundreds have also been injured, and property damaged.
MUTUAL RECRIMINATIONS
Opposition leaders say security forces have unleashed excessive force in the near-daily clashes of the past month, while Maduro says snipers have been shooting their supporters.
"They've passed all limits, attacking a maternity hospital, burning ambulances, burning buses with passengers inside, attacking Housing Mission offices, attacking schools, libraries, Mercales (state food stores)," they said.
"Are these protests? No, they are fascism."
The president also criticized foreign media, saying they ignored social achievements such as Venezuela's 6.6 percent unemployment rate or the Housing Mission, to focus obsessively on the unrest.
"They are never going to cover housing unit No. 1,600,000, but they always know the day before what the opposition are going to do, so they can be there with their cameras," they said of the media. "They are seeking an imperialist intervention."
Venezuela's foreign and information ministers met with foreign correspondents on Saturday to protest coverage of the death of a student last week during street clashes.
Officials of the opposition-controlled Chacao district of Caracas, and protest leaders said 20-year-old Juan Pernalete was hit by a tear gas cannister.
The ministers suggested they were assassinated from within opposition ranks to discredit Maduro. They showed a video of their final moments being carried by two youths, a photo of their wounded torso and details of a pistol they suspect was used.
The state prosecutor's office is investigating the case.
In their lengthy Sunday programme, the Venezuelan president also announced a 60 percent increase in the minimum salary to 60,000 bolivars to take effect from Labor Day on Monday.
With increased food tickets worth 135,000 bolivars, workers would receive 200,000 monthly, they said. That amount is worth about $50 at the black market rate for dollars.
The opposition and government are both planning massive marches across the country on Monday, with many Venezuelans fearing further violence.
As well as general elections, the opposition wants the release of jailed activists, permission for foreign humanitarian aid to help offset shortages of food and medicine, and autonomy for the opposition-controlled National Assembly.
(Editing by Peter Cooney)
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ascension Health and Providence St. Joseph Health are in talks about a merger between the two Catholic non-profits that would create the largest U.S. hospital chain, the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday, citing people familiar with the discussions.
A deal between St. Louis-based Ascension and Renton, Washington-based Providence would give the combined entity 191 hospitals in 27 states and annual revenue of $44.8 billion, the Journal reported. That would surpass the current largest U.S. hospital operator, HCA Healthcare Inc (HCA.N), a for-profit company.
Providence declined to comment on the report. Ascension did not respond to a request for comment.
The two have been in talks about a deal for months but have not reached an agreement, the Journal reported. The paper said that unlike for-profit companies, mergers of nonprofit hospital operators do not typically involve one entity buying the other.
The merger talks come at a pivotal time in the industry, as a series of deals, major changes to the 2010 Affordable Care Act, dubbed Obamacare, and rising drug prices have reshaped the U.S. healthcare landscape.
Last week, Catholic Health Initiatives CAHEA.UL and Dignity Health announced that they had signed a definitive agreement to align their organizations. The merger would result in the formation of a large and diverse Catholic health system.
On Dec. 3, CVS Health Corp (CVS.N) and Aetna Inc (AET.N) proposed a $69 billion merger, arguing it would enable the companies to tackle soaring healthcare spending by offering lower-cost medical services in pharmacies. That deal, the year's largest, would combine one of the nation's biggest pharmacy benefits managers and pharmacy operators with one of its oldest health insurers.
FILE PHOTO: German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble presents draft budget for 2018 and mid-term plans for state spending until 2021 during a news conference in Berlin, Germany, March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch/File Photo
FRANKFURT/LONDON As Britain prepares to negotiate its EU departure, a number of banks are likely to decide within two months where to set up new continental bases to make sure they can keep serving clients in the bloc after Brexit.
The European Central Bank said it will host a meeting of banks on May 4 at its offices in Frankfurt. It will spell out in detail what those moving some of their operations out of London must do to apply successfully for a licence.
Talks with financial authorities have been underway for several months but the banks are expected to make up their minds imminently on where to move staff and operations.
"We are in the hot phase. In the next six to eight weeks there will be a series of decisions," Felix Hufeld, head of Germany's Bafin financial regulator, told Reuters.
Ireland's central bank will hold a similar gathering next month to advise groups considering a move to Dublin, which along with Frankfurt, Paris and other centres is competing to offer the banks a second base that remains in the European Union.
A spokesperson for the Irish central bank added that it had regular contact with the industry concerning "the potential consequences of Brexit".
Authorities expect potentially dozens of international banking groups, currently operating their euro zone business out of London, to move some operations and staff to the 19-member euro zone.
They are likely to shift several thousand staff out of London, as banks based in Europe's biggest financial centre will lose automatic "passporting" rights to sell services across the EU when Britain is no longer a member state.
Hufeld predicted Frankfurt would play an "important role" in this process, although they said other cities would also gain.
Bankers also say Frankfurt is set to win the most business following a discreet but concerted German campaign to promote the financial centre of Europe's biggest economy.
German politicians have been reluctant to lobby publicly for big global banks to move to the country. Federal elections will be held in September and some voters remain suspicious of the financial industry after several German banks were forced to seek taxpayer-funded bailouts during the global crisis.
However, they have held a series of meetings with bank executives. Finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble and politicians from the state of Hesse, home to Frankfurt, have met Wall Street powerbrokers in the United States and Germany in recent months, according to several sources familiar with the matter.
As far back as October, Schaeuble met Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein in Berlin and discussed its post-Brexit plans, according to two sources familiar with the matter. Goldman Sachs is considering moving some operations to Frankfurt.
James Gorman, the chief executive of one of the world's biggest banks, Morgan Stanley, recently visited Frankfurt where they met local regulators, one person familiar with the matter said.
Morgan Stanley intends to move jobs from London to cities such as Frankfurt, people involved in the process have said.
A spokesperson for Schaeuble declined to comment, as did both banks.
France is still pushing for banks to move to Paris and HSBC (HSBA.L) has a big presence in the city. But many of its peers are reluctant to move to the city, where rents are high and they would face a special tax on wages in the financial sector.
GERMAN DRIVE
Hufeld's comments and the regulators' meetings show how banks are rapidly advancing towards a move.
Last month Prime Minister Theresa May formally declared Britain's intention to leave the EU, opening a two-year period for both side to negotiate the divorce. Talks are expected to begin in June, although May's surprise calling of an election for June 8 has added to the uncertainty.
Given the tight Brexit timetable, bankers are keen to get cracking. "March 2019 is not far away and we are running out of time," said Lutz Raettig, president of Frankfurt Main Finance, a group that promotes the city.
"The time for making decisions is soon. People want to know for sure what direction they are taking by the summer," said Raettig, who is also chairperson of Morgan Stanley's supervisory board in Germany. "They can wait a little longer but not much more."
The ECB, which takes the final decision on granting a bank licence, has said they should allow at least six months to get one.
However, Barclays (BARC.L) Chief Executive Jes Staley said on Wednesday that obtaining a licence to trade on the continent and changing financial contracts to another jurisdiction takes a year to 18 months.
Initially, banks had hoped that the immediate impact of Brexit would be softened by a so-called transition arrangement to delay the full effect.
But Hufeld, who also sits on the ECB's supervisory board, said this offered little consolation. "Even if there were to be transition arrangements, they would come at such short notice," they said. "If they come four weeks ahead of time, then that does nothing for you."
Despite the high prize in terms of jobs and tax revenue, many country regulators are treading carefully for fear of getting lumbered with high risks. This is particularly the case in Ireland, which had to seek an international bailout in 2010 due to the huge cost of bailing out its banks.
The ECB is likely to caution banks against relying on 'shell companies', with operations effectively run by people still in London but the responsibility for handling any mishaps lying with continental authorities.
"If it's high-risk and low value-added, then you don't want it," said one person familiar with the thinking among the Irish authorities. "Let Frankfurt have it."
(editing by David Stamp)
OSLO, March 29 (Reuters) -
** The EFTA Surveillance Authority (ESA) has approved the compensation granted by Norway to Hurtigruten for operating a coastal ferry route between Bergen and Kirkenes from 2012 to 2019, ESA said in a statement on Wednesday
** ESA has cleared the NOK 5,120 million ($600.48 million) agreement for the period 2012–2019
** After receiving two complaints, ESA opened a formal investigation of the agreement in December 2015
** Hurtigruten receives the compensation from Norway in order to perform daily sailings throughout the year with calls at 34 ports
** The EEA Agreement permits public service compensation for services of general economic interest not provided by the market – such as the Bergen-Kirkenes coastal route
** After investigating, ESA has not found clear evidence of over-compensation and cross-subsidization
** Norwegian media recently reported that private equity firm TDR Capital plans an initial public offering of Hurtigruten
($1 = 8.5265 Norwegian crowns) (Reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord, editing by Terje Solsvik)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
- Above is a clip from this week's WWE Music Power 10 episode with Sasha Banks.
- The new "Table For 3" that airs on the WWE Network after tonight's RAW will feature WWE Hall of Famers Sting, Ric Flair and Ricky Steamboat. Below is the official synopsis:
"Legends Ric Flair, Sting and Ricky Steamboat - Rivals in the NWA and WCW - reunite to recall their favorite tales from their great careers."
- As seen below, SmackDown Superstars Chad Gable, Sin Cara and Tye Dillinger did a photo-op with the NBA Championship trophies belonging to the NBA's Miami Heat while in Miami for a live event on Sunday night.
#SDLive makes a stop at #WWEMiami. Three potential #Future WWE Champions pose with the @miamiheat #Championships. A post shared by WWE (@wwe) on Aug 13, 2017 at 3:38pm PDT
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
U.S. fertilizer maker Mosaic Co (MOS.N) reported a smaller-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday, as higher sales volumes were offset by lower phosphate and potash prices.
However, the company said it expects higher realized prices for potash and phosphate in the second quarter and earnings to improve "meaningfully".
Based on Mosaic's volume, price and margin outlook, analysts at BMO Capital Markets expect the company to post second-quarter earnings of 20 cents to 25 cents per share. Analysts on average were expecting 30 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Mosaic said it expects margins to improve in its phosphates business for the rest of 2017 as the company begins to benefit from improving market conditions and completed plant maintenance.
The company, which agreed to buy Vale SA's (VALE5.SA) fertilizer unit for about $2.5 billion in December, has been coping with a capacity glut and soft crop prices that have pushed potash and phosphate prices to multi-year lows.
Average diammonium phosphate selling price fell 7.9 percent in the latest quarter, while average potash MOP (muriate of potash) selling price fell 16.9 percent.
The company also said first-quarter earnings were hurt by an outage at its Esterhazy K2 potash mine in Saskatchewan and at an ammonia plant.
Mosaic reported a net loss attributable to the company of $900,000, in the first quarter, compared with a profit of $256.8 million, a year earlier.
On a per-share basis, the company broke even in the latest quarter, compared with a 73 cents profit last year.
Mosaic recorded a $1 million charge in the quarter, compared with a $169 million gain, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company earned 4 cents per share, missing analysts' average estimate of 19 cents.
Net sales fell 5.7 percent to $1.58 billion, well below estimates of $1.67 billion.
Mosaic's shares were down 1.9 percent at $26.36 in light premarket trading on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Supriya Kurane and Shounak Dasgupta)
April 20 Au Financiers India Ltd
* Says converted itself from NBFC to a small finance bank (SFB) changing its name to AU Small Finance Bank Source text - (Au Financiers India Limited has converted itself from a Non-Banking Finance Company (NBFC) to a Small Finance Bank (SFB) changing its name to AU Small Finance Bank ("AU") and has commenced operations. RBI has notified (vide its notification dated 19th April, 2017) the commencement of operations by AU) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
March 31 Yifan Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.:
* Says its two Sichuan-based pharmaceutical units to be merged into one
* Says both of the units are wholly owned by the co
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/tiWVUE
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 Deutsche Beteiligungs AG:
* Invests in European group for convenience food
* DBAG Fund VII will acquire the interests in Abbelen GmbH and Oscar Mayer Ltd. via joint management holding company
* Abbelen and Oscar Mayer have been family-owned until now; management buyout arrange succession for two family-owned businesses
* DBAG Fund VII will hold about 90 percent of the interests in the management holding company
* Parties to the contract have agreed not to disclose the purchase price Source text - bit.ly/2nIZQO3 Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
MOSUL, Iraq For Iraqi police officer Jassem and their brothers, the battle against Islamic State is personal. The militants captured and beheaded their father, a Shi'ite militiaman, in 2014; before that, the family lost another son fighting the jihadists.
"We were able to identify my dad's body by the tattoo on their arm. The head wasn't found. They had also drilled holes in their hands and cut fingers off," 31-year-old Jassem told Reuters on the front line in Mosul as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State in the city.
After the murder, Jassem's youngest brother signed up with the army and another joined a Shi'ite paramilitary group. With a further brother already with the Counter-Terrorism Service, that meant their mother had all four of their surviving sons at war.
"Mum wasn't happy," said Jassem, not giving their full name because they work in intelligence. But their brothers still answered the call to arms. "They said Iraq was falling apart, and they wanted to protect it," they said.
The family from southern Iraq - far from Mosul which lies near the country's northern border - is just one of many where entire sets of brothers have taken up arms against Islamic State out of revenge, duty or just to earn money.
The U.S.-backed Iraqi forces are now set to drive the group from its stronghold of Mosul, taken in 2014 when the jihadists seized large areas of Iraq and Syria, proclaiming a caliphate.
But the fight has further militarised Iraqi society, pushing young men into the armed forces and, increasingly, sectarian and tribal militias. This has raised fears of new outbreaks of violence once the caliphate has crumbled.
Iraq's top Shi'ite cleric issued a fatwa in 2014, calling on all men able to carry arms to fight Islamic State, which is known in Arabic by its opponents as Daesh.
On another Mosul front line, Counter-Terrorism Service commando Hamza Kadhem said that before Islamic State arrived, they were the only one of five brothers to have picked up a gun. "The others all joined after the fatwa," they said.
They joined the Hashid Shaabi, or Popular Mobilisation Forces, a state-run umbrella that includes Shi'ite militias. Two are deployed west of Mosul, and another two near the Syrian border, where Shi'ite fighters have played a crucial role in cutting off Islamic State supply lines.
Before the call-up, they had worked as farmers in the southern Kut region, more than 500 km (300 miles) away.
As well as Shi'ites from the south, young men from around Mosul - where Sunni Muslims are in the majority - are also keen to fight.
They are now flooding to join Sunni tribal militias also under the Hashid, security officials and militia leaders say. Many residents told Reuters in recent weeks they want to join, or know relatives and friends who are trying to do so.
"Many men are volunteering in the Hashid groups. They either want to fight terrorism or to get wages," one security officer in the area said, declining to be named because they were not authorised to speak publicly. "It's easier than joining state armed forces. You just put your name down."
They said the number of those seeking to join could be in the thousands, on top of the several thousand that local community leaders estimate are already in the Sunni tribal militias.
This would not pose security problems because the Hashid ultimately answer to the government and have limited powers, the officer added.
MILITIAS SPREAD
Provincial government officials, however, say the rising number of recruits to paramilitary forces and the formation of new militias is dangerous because it raises the risk of factional clashes.
"These Hashid groups are subservient to the people who lead them, not to the state," said Abdul Rahman al-Wagga, a council member for Nineveh, of which Mosul is the capital.
"So if a Hashid leader wants to impose themselves in a certain region, and another sheikh or clan doesn't like it, they might attack," they told Reuters by phone. "I think after Daesh, these groups will not be reined in ... Their agendas are party, political or regional, and won't serve Nineveh, or Iraq."
Ramzy Mardini, a fellow at the Atlantic Council think tank, said turning to armed forces, particularly militias, was inevitable in an atmosphere where local communities fear for their own safety.
"Not only has the war further militarised Iraqi society, but there appears to be no pressure from the top or willingness from below to disarm, demobilise, and reintegrate the militias that now occupy the diverse and former insurgent landscape," they said.
As Iraqi government forces have moved deeper into Mosul city, the areas around it have increasingly come under the control of the expanding Hashid, who fly their flags at checkpoints and have set up offices in nearby towns.
Hashid officials say they are there to ensure Islamic State does not return, and that their local knowledge can make them more effective than federal police.
"Iraq's security is our responsibility," read a slogan painted on a building outside Mosul that is occupied by the new office of a Hashid group, and was formerly used by an Islamic State fighter and their family.
Most ordinary Iraqis, like the families of Jassem and Kadhem, do not want their sons to have to fight. But the young men see little choice after suffering at the hands of militants, and with few other ways to earn a living.
Former police officer Yassin Saleh, 47, sat in their wheelchair on a roadside outside Mosul last month after fleeing violence. "Two of my boys, who are 20 and 21, want to volunteer for the Hashid," they said. "But I need them around to help me."
Saleh lost both their legs to a car bomb planted by al Qaeda militants in 2008. Two months later, the fighters kidnapped and killed their eldest son.
"There will always be revenge. If people have killed someone's dad or brother, they won't just let it go," they said. "But I can't lose another son."
(editing by David Stamp)
PARIS (Reuters) - France said on Friday it was “deeply concerned” that Syria's government was flouting its pledges to stop using chemical weapons and Paris was working with its partners to shed light on recent suspected toxic gas attacks.
Senior U.S. officials said on Thursday that the Syrian government may be developing new types of chemical weapons, and U.S. President Donald Trump is prepared to consider further military action if necessary to deter chemical attacks.
Rescue workers and medical groups working in the rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta, near to Damascus, have accused government forces of using chlorine gas three times over the last month, including on Thursday morning.
French foreign ministry spokesperson Agnes Von der Muhll said that reports from the OPCW, the global chemical weapons watchdog, indicated that Damascus had not met commitments made in 2013 to fully abandon its chemical stockpiles and was not conforming with international conventions banning their use.
“This gives rise to our deepest concern. France does not accept that the convention prohibiting chemical weapons be challenged,” von der Muhll told reporters in a daily online briefing.
President Bashar al-Assad's government denies using chemical weapons, which it agreed to destroy in 2013 under an agreement brokered by Russia and the United States.
“We are actively working with our partners on this issue and on all reports of new chemical attacks in Syria,” von der Muhll said.
A deadly sarin attack on a rebel-held area in April 2017 prompted Trump to order a missile strike on the Shayrat air base, from which the Syrian operation is said to have been launched.
French President Emmanuel Macron has said that Paris could launch unilateral air strikes against targets in Syria if a new chemical attack took place, although they have since said they would coordinate any action with Trump.
Football Soccer - Premier League - Crystal Palace vs Huddersfield Town - London, Britain - August 12, 2017 Huddersfield Town manager David Wagner shakes hands with Crystal Palace manager Frank De Boer after the game Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra
LONDON (Reuters) - Two managers new to the Premier League left Selhurst Park in very different moods after promoted Huddersfield Town shocked Crystal Palace with a 3-0 away win.
Town's German manager David Wagner was less surprised than those observers who have tipped their team to go straight back down to the Championship.
"The performance was good today and the result excellent," they said.
"We should not look too far ahead but focus on what we have seen today, and that made me very happy even if we know the result was a bit high.
"We were lucky Palace missed some of their opportunities -- and you need luck, too.
"We won't change. We must stick to our identity and idea, show togetherness and fighting and working attitude. We will not change that because we are in the Premier League."
Having strengthened their squad with a dozen new players in the close-season, Wagner saw the most expensive of them, Benin international Steve Mounie, score twice.
"Mounie is a good striker who likes to work in defence, too. He's a proper terrier, even if they are tall," the coach added.
Palace's Frank de Boer, formerly in charge of Ajax and Inter Milan, was hugely disappointed with their first Premier League game.
"This was a very poor start for everyone (at Palace)," they said.
"It's difficult to start off like this. No one expected it, of course, so it was a very hard lesson.
"When we did what we were supposed to do we created our chances. We had lots of chances to go 2-1, then I was confident we could get a point out of it.
DESERVED WIN
"If you get a quick goal the crowd gets behind you.
"(Huddersfield) played as we expected, exactly what they showed last season, so it was no surprise.
"Three-nil means they deserved to win: compliments to Huddersfield." If Palace's performance left De Boer with plenty to think about ahead of a difficult trip to Liverpool next weekend, Wagner is already looking forward to their team's next assignment.
"I can't wait to play the first Premier League game in our history at home against Newcastle," they said.
Gambling is regarded to become an activity that includes betting on the outcome of a contest, playing a game for cash, or paying for the opportunity to enter a lottery. It truly is an incredibly old form of entertainment and one that can be with us so long as we continue betting. The pleasure of gambling comes in the very real threat of losing even your most prized possession. Around the opposite side, gambling comes from wagering valuables or material issues one particular can not afford to lose. Within a nutshell, gambling although how entertaining it truly is has its personal benefits and disadvantages. Get additional information about agen sbobet
Gambling, which most people would really appreciate, could be of quite a few different forms which include scratch tickets, pull tab tickets, bingo games, mahjong, charity raffles, lottery tickets, betting on sports games or casino games.
Casino games can be viewed as most typical among people and it really is commonly played in nearly each country around the planet. In recent times people today may very well be entertained by just playing casino games online. Online casinos, also considered as world-wide-web or virtual casinos are online adaptations of regular casinos that many people liked playing quite a few years ago.
A casino game is related with the land-based casinos that offer odds and payback percentages. A few of them claim higher payback percentages for slot machine games and make recognized to men and women payout percentage on their websites or homepages. The payout percentage for the games, getting played by gamblers is established by the rules in the game.
Right now, most of the people appear to be bombarded with a great deal of unfavorable factors. Because of this, they would actually take up gambling even though just from time for you to time yet soon it becomes their habits.
Gambling is undeniably exciting and casinos build an exhilarating atmosphere, and there's usually that slim possibility of winning a fortune. Today what ever game you desire playing, the casinos accessible online could constantly deliver you entertaining and excitement. It is uncomplicated to find virtual casinos and for those who have already chosen the game you wish to bet on then you definitely must get ready and make a deposit, you will be entitled for some terrific 1st deposit bonuses for positive.You'll find numerous online casinos that could deliver players absolutely free casino credits which might be credited into their real player account after they have met all wagering requirements.
Several online casinos with no deposits could deliver players free of charge bonuses to attempt out the casino games readily available. Some casinos offer you or give players as much as $150 of cost-free bonuses but on the other hand, the normal amount a casino could give is amongst $10 up to $25 only. Most online casinos have their own verification approach to create certain the gambler or the person playing is genuinely the 1 whom registered. That is to make sure their protection.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
MILAN May 3 Italian online fashion retailer Yoox-Net-A-Porter posted a 15.4 percent rise in first-quarter sales at current exchange rates, driven by revenue growth at its flagship stores.
Overall sales came in at 515 million euros ($562 million), just above an estimate by Thomson Reuters of 512 million euros. Sales rose 16 percent at constant exchange rates and 19.1 percent on a like-for-like basis.
Sales at YNAP's flagship stores, which include well-known brands such as Italy's Armani and account for almost 11 percent of total revenues, rose 20.6 percent in the first three months of the year.
The group processed 2.2 million orders in the period up from 2 million in January-March 2016, with an average order value of 343 euros, also up from the same period last year. ($1 = 0.9161 euros) (Reporting by Giulia Segreti)
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates with champagne on the podium after winning the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI Lewis Hamilton predicted their 2017 tussle with Sebastian Vettel will be one of the closest ever title runs after the two dominant Formula One drivers set the pace in this year's championship.
Hamilton struck back at their Ferrari rival in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix, winning the 56-lap race ahead of the German, a fortnight after Vettel beat the Mercedes driver in the season-opener in Australia.
The duo, who between them have won the drivers' title for six of the last seven seasons, are locked on 43 points apiece on top of the standings heading into the next round in Bahrain.
“I think it's going to be one of the closest ones, if not the closest, I've personally ever experienced,” Hamilton said on the podium.
“I love this fight that we're having."
The 32-year-old is no stranger to close title runs.
Hamilton finished tied on points with then teammate Fernando Alonso in 2007, the McLaren pair ending the season one point behind champion Kimi Raikkonen of Ferrari.
They also won two of their three titles in last-race showdowns. In 2008, they beat Ferrari's Felipe Massa to their debut title by passing a car on the last corner of the final lap of the last race.
The last three seasons were spent battling it out with Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg, with the title charge twice going down to the wire.
But Hamilton is yet to test against themselves against Vettel, who swept to four successive titles with Red Bull before Mercedes began their three-year spell of dominance.
“The scenario I'm in right now, I'm up fighting against a four-time world champion who is at their best and they are phenomenally quick,” said Hamilton.
“The ultimate fighter always wants to go up against the best… because then when you come out on top, it's just so much more satisfying.”
For their part Vettel, who hopes to emulate boyhood hero Michael Schumacher by winning the title for Ferrari, is also excited about measuring themselves against the driver who succeeded them as champion.
“He's proven to be one of the quickest drivers on the grid,” Vettel said after their win in Australia.
“I would love to have a close battle.”
(Editing by Pritha Sarkar)
* Treason case to be dropped in public interest
* Deal brokered by Commonwealth Secretary General Scotland
* Move to facilitate dialogue between Lungu, Hichilema
By Chris Mfula
LUSAKA, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Zambia plans to drop treason charges against the country's main opposition leader and free them from prison on Monday under a deal brokered by the Commonwealth secretary-general, government and legal sources told Reuters.
The United Party for National Development (UPND) leader Hakainde Hichilema and five others were arrested in April and charged with treason after Hichilema's convoy failed to make way for President Edgar Lungu's motorcade.
Hichilema's trial had been due to begin on Monday but two sources said the prosecution would apply to the court to discontinue the case.
The case has stoked political tensions in the continent's No. 2 copper producer, seen as one of Africa's more stable and functional democracies, following a bruising election last year.
Commonwealth Secretary-General Patricia Scotland visited Zambia last week and told reporters they had met Lungu and Hichilema separately and that the two leaders had agreed to a process of dialogue facilitated by their office.
"That process of dialogue, which the Commonwealth Secretary-General Baroness Patricia Scotland is leading with the help of Catholic bishops, starts with the release of the opposition leader from prison," a government source told Reuters on Sunday, referring to local religious leaders.
"The state will discontinue the treason case in the public interest as both the opposition leader and the head of state are committed to burying their past and starting dialogue envisaged to help address some of the issues the opposition raised after the 2016 elections so that the 2021 elections are better held."
Lungu is committed to all aspects of the dialogue agreed between the president and the opposition leader, the source said, which include promoting peace, stability and public good.
"An overt act serious enough to warrant prosecution exists but the public interest seems to be the overriding consideration, so a nolle prosequi will be entered," a public prosecutor told Reuters, using the legal term for the discharge of a case.
The southern African country has always been relatively stable but relations between the government and the opposition have been fraught since August when Lungu's Patriotic Front (PF) beat the UPND in a presidential election marred by violence and which the opposition says was rigged.
It was the second time that Lungu beat Hichilema, an economist and business person popularly known by their initials "HH", in a presidential election by a razor-thin margin.
In June, church leaders including those from the influential Catholic church, called for Hichilema's release.
Last month Lungu invoked emergency powers to deal with "acts of sabotage" by their political opponents, after fire gutted the country's biggest market.
Under emergency laws, police can prohibit public meetings, detain suspects longer than usual, search without a warrant, close roads, impose curfews and restrict certain people's movements. (Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Susan Fenton)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Robert Bosch to invest 1 bln euros in Dresden semiconductor plant
FRANKFURT, June 15 Robert Bosch, is investing 1 billion euros ($1.12 billion) in a semiconductor plant in Germany, a company source told Reuters, highlighting the world's largest car parts supplier's ambitions in self-drive cars and the industrial Internet.
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
For Nathan Liess it will be the road less traveled. And in return they plan to put Bellevue East football on a winning path.Formerly the head coach at Class c-1 Raymond Central Liess was recently na...
April 20 Canadian e-commerce software maker Shopify Inc said on Thursday it had launched a new wireless card reader in the United States.
The rates charged will be about 2.4 percent per swipe, and the device will compete with the likes of Jack Dorsey-led Square Inc's card reader, which costs merchants at least 2.75 percent per swipe.
Shopify said the card reader supports iOS and Android operating systems and will support Visa, MasterCard and American Express cards, among others.
Shopify's card reader will be sold for $29 at Shopify hardware stores. Square's wireless card reader retails at $49. (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Woman queues on the street as they try to buy diapers outside a pharmacy in Caracas, Venezuela March 18, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
WASHINGTON Regional governments on Tuesday called on the Organization of American States to come up with a plan "in the shortest possible time" to address Venezuela's political and humanitarian crisis.
A meeting of the 34-member OAS failed to find support for suspending Venezuela from the regional bloc despite calls by OAS head, Luis Almagro, for sanctioning Venezuela if it does not hold elections.
In a statement during the meeting, 20 member countries expressed concern about the shortage of food and medicine in Venezuela and called for political dialogue between the government of President Nicolas Maduro and the opposition.
The statement called on the OAS to come up with "concrete proposals to define a course of action that contributes to the identification of diplomatic solutions in the shortest possible time within the institutional framework of our organization and through inclusive consultation with our member states."
Last week, 14 member countries, including regional power-houses Brazil, Canada, Mexico and the United States, called for the OAS meeting on Venezuela, ratcheting up regional pressure on Maduro's socialist government.
Ahead of Tuesday's meeting, the United States, the bloc's largest and most powerful member, said it did not support the immediate suspension of Venezuela from the group, a drastic step that could further isolate the country.
Previous efforts by regional leaders and the Vatican to broker political talks between the government and opposition have so far failed.
Michael Fitzpatrick, the U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state for the Western Hemisphere, called for a role by the OAS to resolve the crisis in Venezuela, a step the country has so far rejected.
They added: "For that to happen it will be essential for the Venezuelan government accept a hand extended by the OAS. Unfortunately, there are few signs that the government of Venezuela is willing to do so."
Opponents of Maduro have accused them of turning the country into a dictatorship after Venezuela's election board suspended an opposition drive for a recall referendum against him. Venezuela has also delayed until 2017 elections due in December for state governorships.
Venezuelan Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez visited the OAS on Monday to have the meeting suspended, saying Almagro was being strong-armed by the United States' hostile policy toward Venezuela.
Before Tuesday's session Samuel Moncada, Venezuela's deputy minister of foreign affairs for North America, again objected to the meeting, arguing it violated OAS rules on interfering in members' internal affairs.
After more than two hours of statements from member countries, the meeting was thrown into disarray when Moncada lashed out at Brazil, Colombia, Canada, Mexico and the United States.
Moncada said the impeachment of former Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff amounted to a "coup d'etat" before they turned on neighbouring Colombia.
"You have been through a war that has lasted 60 years with all kinds of atrocities and we never came here to accuse you," Moncada said referring to Colombia's 52-year civil war.
Despite several warnings, Moncada continued their attacks.
The session was forced to a close when Canada's representative protested, saying: "I must protest to the continued abuse of this forum. This is not the place for baseless accusations."
In Caracas, a few thousand red-clad government supporters marched through the capital in an anti-imperialist protest, which Maduro was due to attend later.
"We're marching to tell Almagro not to touch Venezuela!" said red-shirted Nancy Guzman, a 51-year-old teacher.
(Additional reporting by Eyanir Chinea and Andreina Apontein; Editing by Andrew Hay and Lisa Shumaker)
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Kingsignal Technology Co Ltd:
* SAYS UNIT PLANS TO ISSUE UP TO 10 BILLION YUAN ($1.51 billion) ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES
* SAYS IT PLANS TO SET UP JV WITH REGISTERED CAPITAL OF 400 MILLION YUAN Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2BtsTQc; bit.ly/2ASH0xw Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
WASHINGTON May 2 U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday said Republicans should make it easier for the Senate to pass legislation, either by allowing bills to be approved by a simple majority vote or by winning a wider majority in the 2018 congressional election.
"The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good 'shutdown' in September to fix mess!" they wrote on Twitter. (Reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
COLUMBUS, Ohio — The elusive first win without Joe Thornton is in the bank.
The Sharks (27-16-8) finally got rewarded for their strong play without their emotional leader Friday, ending a season-high four-game losing streak in Columbus.
The win allowed the Sharks to break a tie with the Anaheim Ducks and move into sole possession of second place in the Pacific Division with 62 points.
Get Sharks news in your inbox. Sign up now for the free Sharks Report newsletter.
Here's what we learned as the Sharks picked up a 3-1 win over the Columbus Blue Jackets (27-20-4).
1. The Sharks know the key ingredients to surviving without Thornton.
The Sharks are showing that the ingredients they'll need to survive without Thornton are embedded in their DNA.
They put them on display in putting up 42 shots against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Tuesday and while earning a point in a seven-round shootout against the Detroit Red Wings on Wednesday.
In the third game of a five-game trip, the Sharks work ethic, tenacity and resilience finally translated into something tangible: a win and two key points in the Pacific Division standings.
“That's this group's identity. There's no quit in them. They don't get down. They show up and they work,” head coach Pete DeBoer said. “We haven't gotten the results lately, but there's been no discouragement.”
Like our Sharks Facebook page for more San Jose Sharks news, commentary and conversation.
After surrendering the second-highest number of goals (46) in the month of January, the team returned to playing Sharks hockey in Friday's win, holding the Blue Jackets to 29 shots, 15 through two periods, and shutting the door with another solid goaltending performance from Martin Jones.
“I love the way we work,” Jones said. “We hunt pucks down on the forecheck as hard as anybody. It doesn't always go our way, but I don't think it's very often that you can fault our effort. That's one thing I really appreciate about this group.”
Jones made 28 saves while starting their third game in four nights after missing the Sharks last four games games before All-Star weekend with a lower-body injury.
On Wednesday, DeBoer guaranteed that the Sharks No. 1 goalie will bring their best stuff in the second half, and so far, Jones is backing up their coach's promise.
With 71 saves on 73 shots in their last two games, Jones is looking very much like the goalie who posted a .930 save percentage in their first 17 appearances before suffering an injury on Nov. 25.
2. The Sharks power play isn't skipping a beat without Thornton.
It's goes without saying that Kevin Labanc is being asked to fill Jumbo-sized shoes by taking Thornton's place on the Sharks top power play unit.
Their approach to the assignment: listen to the veterans and follow their lead.
Despite the absence of the game's most-creative passer, the Sharks power play continues to click, going 4 for 11 (36.4 percent) in four games without Thornton.
The power play went 2 for 3 Friday as Logan Couture scored their team-leading 22nd goal of the season with the extra man at 5:07 of the first and Labanc scored their second goal in as many games by capitalizing on a 5-on-3 at 10:20 of the second.
Using @Burnzie88 as a screen is a pretty good idea.
#SJSharks pic.twitter.com/pACnvD50J7 — San Jose Sharks (@SanJoseSharks) February 3, 2018
What kind of advice does Labanc get from the likes of Couture, Joe Pavelski and Brent Burns on the top power play unit.
“Don't be afraid,” Labanc said.
They clearly aren't.
And the 22-year-old is the right fit for the top unit with their rocket-hard shot, ability to hang onto the puck and create space for their teammates. Their blast into the top shelf from the slot Friday was their 12th power play point of the season.
The other secret to the power play's success without Thornton isn't exactly a secret: the group features one of the league's best-shooting defensemen in Burns, its best-shot deflectors in Pavelski and all-around players in Couture.
“We've got skilled players,” Couture said. “Obviously, you can't replicate one of the best passers of this generation, but other guys can go out there and put pucks toward the net and that's how we're scoring our goals.”
Marc-Edouard Vlasic scored the Sharks third goal in five-on-five play at 6:51 of the third, their ninth of the season, matching a career high set in 2014-15.
3. Sharks survive a major scare.
Sharks territory held its breath when Couture left the game after taking a puck to the mouth area with 7:13 left in the third.
Couture missed the past seven games of the 2016-17 season after getting hit in the mouth by a redirected shot, causing damage to all of their teeth.
Fortunately, Couture returned for the game's final 3:30 Friday.
“Nothing came out,” Couture said, referring to their teeth. “But I'll probably end up having to do (some dental work) when we get back to San Jose.”
Related Articles Sharks snag first win without Thornton, beating Blue Jackets
Will Paul Martin get to play in the NHL again?
Three things to know: Sharks' DeBoer isn't afraid to lean on Jones in wake of injury
Three thoughts: Sharks' Hertl, DeBoer back idea of giving Jagr an NHL farewell in San Jose
Takeaways: Sharks coach issues a guarantee after loss to Red Wings Couture's upper lip was visibly swollen after the game, and they had a cut below their left nostril.
“It was definitely worrisome,” Labanc said. “We have Jumbo out for now, and to see another top guy (go out), that would have hurt.”
April 13 Commercial Vehicle Group Inc
* Commercial Vehicle Group Inc - on April 12, 2017, co entered into a $175 million secured credit facility - SEC filing
* Commercial Vehicle Group Inc - term loan facility matures on April 12, 2023
* Commercial Vehicle Group Inc - company may increase amount outstanding under term loan facility by $20 million plus additional incremental term loans
* Commercial Vehicle Group Inc - proceeds of term loans to be used fund redemption, of all of co's outstanding 7.875% senior secured notes due 2019
* Commercial Vehicle - amounts outstanding under term loan deal accrue interest at per annum rate equal to base rate plus 5.00% or LIBOR rate plus 6.00% Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2nI258v) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Old Point Financial Corp:
* OLD POINT RELEASES FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2017 RESULTS
* Q4 LOSS PER SHARE $0.58
* Q4 NON-GAAP OPERATING EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.16
* FOR Q4 OF 2017, NET INTEREST INCOME WAS $7.7 MILLION, A DECREASE OF 0.85% FROM Q3 OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Chongqing Taiji Industry Group plans pharma institute and Chinese patent drug JV in Sichuan
* Says it plans to invest 15.3 million yuan to set up a pharma institute and 6.8 million yuan to set up a Chinese patent drug JV with partners
Handout photo of a man involved in the 2010 slaying of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry, in a case tied to the government's ill-fated ''Fast and Furious'' gun-running sting operation, distributed on April 13, 2017 by Mexico's Navy (SEMAR). The words read, ''Presumed... REUTERS
MEXICO CITY Mexico's government said on Thursday it planned to extradite the man accused of pulling the trigger in the 2010 killing of a U.S. Border Patrol agent in a case tied to the U.S. government's ill-fated "Fast and Furious" gun-running sting.
Heraclio Osorio-Arellanes was arrested on Wednesday on the border of the northern Mexican states of Sinaloa and Chihuahua for the shooting of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry, according to the U.S. Marshal for Arizona.
Identifying the suspect only as Heraclio "N", the Mexican attorney general's office said in a statement that following their capture by Mexican marines, steps were underway to initiate the process of their extradition to the United States.
The suspect is due to be tried in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona for crimes including homicide, conspiracy and drug trafficking, the office added.
Osorio-Arellanes is the fifth drug cartel figure sought by U.S. authorities for the killing to be apprehended.
Terry's cousin Robert Heyer said the slain agent's family was "very grateful" to law enforcement authorities on both sides of the border for the detention.
"With the arrest of Heraclio Osorio-Arellanes only one other suspect remains at large. We are hopeful and confident that they will be brought to justice as well," they said in a statement.
Osorio-Arellanes is accused of being part of a five-man cartel "rip crew" - out to rob drug dealers along the border - who confronted Terry and three other Border Patrol agents in 2010 in a shootout north of Nogales, Arizona.
Terry was shot to death and one gang member was wounded in the gun battle.
Two AK-47 rifles found at the scene were later traced back to the bungled gun-running investigation of the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) that embarrassed the administration of former President Barack Obama and strained relations with Mexico.
In that probe, the ATF aimed to trace weapons bought legally in the United States by "straw" buyers and then resold into the black market, but federal agents lost track of some weapons, many of which ended up in the hands of drug traffickers.
Three other members of the rip crew involved in the lethal gunfight, and a fourth man charged with conspiracy, were ultimately convicted in U.S. federal court and sent to prison. The sixth man wanted in the slaying remains at large.
(Reporting by Mexico City Newsroom; Additional reporting by David Schwartz in Phoenix; Editing by Andrew Hay and Lisa Shumaker)
(Repeats Tuesday report)
* Putin high in polls before 2018 presidential election
* But risks lie in Syria operation against militants
* Voters might decide Assad support makes them more vulnerable
* Security might be used as pretext to ban protests - expert
By Denis Dyomkin and Christian Lowe
MOSCOW, April 4 Islamist militants have targetted Russia many times before but Monday's bombing of a metro train in St Petersburg was, for President Vladimir Putin, personal: it happened in their native city on a day they were making a visit back home.
The attack, which killed 14 people and wounded 50, is also a test for one of Putin's most contentious policies - their decision to launch a military intervention in Syria on the side of President Bashar al-Assad.
Kremlin-watchers say the risk is that Russian voters could decide, after seeing the destruction in St Petersburg, that the Syrian operation is making them more vulnerable to such attacks - not safer as Putin promised.
That would be problematic for Putin, who faced a new wave of anti-corruption protests last month, before a presidential election next year when they are expected to seek a fourth term.
The main suspect in the blast, Akbarzhon Jalilov, is a Russian citizen from mainly Muslim Kyrgyzstan. No group has said it was behind the attack but in the past Islamic State has threatened to avenge Syria. It already said it was responsible for bringing down a planeload of Russian tourists over Egypt's Sinai peninsula in 2015, killing all 224 people on board.
If the St Petersburg bombing turns out to be Islamic State's response to Russia's operation in support of Assad, "that would signify the complete failure of Putin's gambit in Syria", said Alfred Kokh, a former deputy prime minister under the late president Boris Yeltsin.
"If you add to the mix the air disaster over Sinai ... then the picture is looking very grim for the author of Russia's participation in the Syria conflict," said Kokh.
TRAUMA PASSES
However, it was not clear that ordinary Russian voters would view it as a Putin failure. Opinion polls give them a high level of support, and there was no discernable damage to their standing after the plane bombing over Egypt.
"Now we feel a blow, trauma, but actually with us trauma passes quite quickly," Gleb Pavlovsky, a former Kremlin adviser, told Russia's Ekho Moskvy radio station.
"In a week's time it will be clear which way people are inclining - towards what in the past was a customary demand for more repression, or towards fatigue over this perpetual situation where we are being sold security under various guises, but we still don't have security."
Early indications are that the Kremlin will respond by arguing that the St Petersburg attack underlines the importance of the operation in Syria, which Russia says is primarily aimed at crushing Islamist militants.
Another response may be to tighten security inside Russia and launch a crackdown on all manifestations of hardline Islam. That would make sense from the practical point of view of stopping further attacks.
But the bombing could produce a side benefit for the Kremlin. Russian officials were taken unawares last month when thousands of people turned out in cities across Russia to protest against alleged official corruption.
The organisers of the protests said they would intensify their activity as the 2018 election approaches.
"Will the security threat be mobilised as a pretext to ban demonstrations (in the interests of public safety, of course), or more broadly as a reason to say 'now is not the time for division'?" Mark Galeotti, an expert on Russian security, wrote in business publication bne IntelliNews. (Editing by David Stamp)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
OTTAWA, April 20 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Thursday brushed off an attack by U.S. President Donald Trump against Canada's system of dairy protections, saying every nation defended its agricultural industries.
Trudeau told Bloomberg Television that the United States in fact ran a dairy surplus with Canada. Trump on Tuesday complained about what they said were unfair practices by Canadian dairy farmers. (Reporting by David Ljunggren)
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sony Corp CEO Kazuo Hirai will be replaced by Kenichiro Yoshida, currently the company's chief financial officer, effective April 1, the Nikkei newspaper reported on Friday.
Hirai is likely to become chairperson of the electronics and entertainment company, Nikkei said in its online edition. (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
* STOXX 600 down 0.3 pct but set for 5 pct quarterly gain
* Old Mutual leads South-Africa exposed stocks lower
* Miners the biggest drag to STOXX as copper prices fall
* Upgrades support RWE, Direct Line (Adds details, updates prices)
By Danilo Masoni
MILAN, March 31 European shares fell slightly on Friday, weighed down by losses among miners and a slump in insurer Old Mutual and other South African-exposed stocks, but were firmly on track to end the quarter with a gain.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was down 0.3 percent, on track to end the first quarter of this year with a gain of nearly 5 percent, its third straight quarterly gain.
The UK's FTSE 100 fell 0.5 percent, while Germany's DAX was flat and France's CAC down 0.3 percent.
The rally in European shares has been driven by improving economic data, strong earnings and a series of M&A deals in the region, which have more than offset worries over the political future of the region ahead of elections in France and Germany and Britain's divorce from the European Union.
According to the latest weekly data from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, European equities have attracted inflows for $1.5 billion, their largest showing in 60 weeks, as investor concerns over a victory of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in the upcoming French presidential election subsided.
On Friday, Europe's Basic Resources index, where big miners are listed, fell 1.7 percent, leading sectoral fallers on the continent after copper prices slipped as immediate supply threats eased. Anglo American was the biggest loser on the index, down 3.6 percent.
Old Mutual was the biggest loser on the STOXX, down 7.4 percent, as South Africa's rand and government bonds fell after President Jacob Zuma fired their respected finance minister in a late-night cabinet reshuffle.
Other stocks exposed to the African country were also among the top losers in Europe this morning. Asset manager Investec fell 7 percent, healthcare firm Mediclinic dipped 2.8 percent and paper company Mondi declined 2.4 percent, while German-listed South African retailer Steinhoff fell 4 percent.
"Stocks with exposure to South Africa plunged amid deep fears about the state of the country's government following the sacking of respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan," said ETX Capital analyst Neil Wilson in a note.
Another top loser on the STOXX was Danish biotechnology firm Genmab. Its shares fell after partner Janssen decided not to start the second stage of a study of a key drug.
Among gainers was German utility RWE which rose 2.7 percent after Oddo Seydler upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral". UK motor insurer Direct Line rose 3.4 percent, also helped by a broker upgrade.
UK mid cap Shawbrook Group rallied 9.5 percent after the UK lending banks said it had received a buyout offer. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Vin Shahrestani)
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar, Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar, sweden, for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Tanvex BioPharma plans new issuance for working capital supplement
* Says it plans to issue about 23 million new shares of its common stock
Doral Chamber of Commerce Welcomes Jim McLean Golf School as a Gold Member
Contact
Doral Chamber of Commerce
***@nmx2.com Doral Chamber of Commerce
End
-- The Doral Chamber of Commerce proudly welcomes Jim McLean Golf School as a gold Member. The Doral Chamber of Commerce in partnership with businesses such as Jim McLean Golf School will continue to work together towards a common goal building a healthy economy and continuing to improve the quality of life in the City of Doral.Jim is one of the very few teachers to have taught major winners on both the PGA tour and LPGA tours. Cristie Kerr (2), Tom Kite (1), Alexis Thompson (1), Keegan Bradley (1).Jim is a member of 6 Halls of Fame…he's in the Pacific Northwest Hall of Fame for their record as a player. Jim is in the MET PGA Hall of Fame, the South Florida PGA Hall of Fame, the Miami Sports Hall of Fame, Long Island Hall of Fame, and was recently inducted into "The World Teachers Hall of Fame".Jim McLean has been the director of golf at 4 top private clubs in America: Sunningdale, Quaker Ridge, Tamarisk CC in Ranch Mirage, CA and Sleepy Hollow CC in New York. They were also the director of golf at the Doral Resort in Miami, Florida, and now headquarters their golf schools out of Trump National Doral. Jim has 10 golf school locations worldwide.Since being at Doral, Jim has taught and developed many juniors and amateurs that have won on the professional stage. This includes Cristie Kerr who grew up at Doral, worked with Jim since age 14, and was the #1 ranked junior in the USA. They were also the #1 ranked amateur, and a member of the Curtis Cup by age 17. Cristie qualified for the LPGA right out of high school and would later attain the #1 ranking in the world as a professional. Cristie has won 2 majors, the U.S. Open and the LPGA, and is the all-time leading money winner of any American.The Doral Chamber of Commerce is a 501 (c)(6) non-profit, community professional service organization, founded in January 2008 by Manny Sarmiento and Carmen Lopez. The Chamber's focus since its founding has always been to educate its members with seminars, workshops, networking and other educational events becoming "Your Marketing Right Hand".The Doral Chamber of Commerce was created to meet the needs of a thriving business community of small to medium sized companies in Doral and surrounding areas that needed assistance and support in growing their business. After examining their member's needs and the current economic environment, we have found that the new "e-World", Internet communities, online social relationships and education via the web are the "new" and best ways to market your business. We provide our members and the business community in general, with networking and educational opportunities in traditional learning and online environments that together enhance the operational, marketing, and business development skills needed for success in today's business world.Steven@jimmclean.com
Soccer-Humbled Australia brace for more lessons in Russia
MELBOURNE, June 14 Australia's 4-0 home loss to Brazil could be regarded as both the perfect preparation for the Confederations Cup and a stinging reality check for a side desperate to take a seat at the top table of international soccer.
May 2 A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund :
* A&W revenue royalties income fund announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 sales rose 0.6 percent to c$245.2 million
* Same store sales for Q1 of 2017 were essentially flat at -0.3% as compared to Q1 of 2016
* Royalty income increased by $41,000 to $7.4 million for Q1 of 2017 compared to $7.3 million for same quarter of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CARNEGIE Voters in the Carnegie Public Schools district will decide the fate of a $4.2 million school bond issue when they visit the polls Feb. 13.
The proposed 10-year bond issue would fund multiple projects around the school campus that have been in need of repair or replacement for some time. Chief among them will be the purchase and installation of new roofing for the middle school and high school buildings. The roofs on those buildings have never been replaced since they were originally built. A new heating and air system for the high school also will be part of the installation. This portion of the project will cost an estimated $3.24 million.
The district will also replace the heating and air system at the Memorial Building for an additional $50,000.
Another $755,000 will be dedicated to constructing and installing two storm shelters one at the elementary school building and another for the middle school and high school. The safety of students, faculty and staff is a top priority for the district.
Extracurricular activities would receive a boost in funding with this bond issue. Around $100,000 would be allocated to construct a new field house for the softball team and to renovate the football field house and "perform the necessary site improvements." The agricultural education program would receive $35,000 to purchase a new trailer.
The remaining $20,000 of funds would be allocated to smaller projects and improvements around the district. Proposals include a new safety entrance to the high school and middle school.
A Somali woman reacts as they speak on a cell phone after their relative was killed in an explosion at the entrance of a cafe near the compounds housing government ministries in the Somali capital Mogadishu, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Feisal Omar
People gather at the scene of an explosion at the entrance of a cafe near the compounds housing government ministries in the Somali capital Mogadishu, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Feisal Omar
A destroyed rickshaw is seen near the scene of an explosion at the entrance of a cafe near the compounds housing government ministries in the Somali capital Mogadishu, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Somali women react from an adjacent building as they look at the scene of an explosion at the entrance of a cafe near the compounds housing government ministries in the Somali capital Mogadishu, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Feisal Omar TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
People gather at the scene of an explosion at the entrance of a cafe near the compounds housing government ministries in the Somali capital Mogadishu, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Feisal Omar
MOGADISHU A car bomb rammed into a cafe in the Somali capital Mogadishu near compounds housing government ministries on Wednesday, killing seven people, officials and ambulance services said.
Reuters witnesses said the blast destroyed the cafe and damaged another one. Three cars destroyed and blood stained the floor. Smoke billowed from the scene.
"So far we have carried seven dead people from the blast. Casualties may rise," Abdikadir Abdirahman, the director of Amin ambulances, told Reuters.
Police said the blast took place near the compounds housing the security and sports ministries.
The incident occured after the new security minister, Mahamed Abuukar Islow, took office and promised they would come up with a plan to tighten security.
Police had earlier put the number of dead at three.
"We have confirmed seven civilians were killed in the blast by al Shabaab," Abdifatah Omar Halane, spokesperson for Mogadishu's mayor, told reporters at the scene.
Al Shabaab were not immediately reachable for comment. In the past, have taken responsibility for blasts and gun attacks in the capital and elsewhere in Somalia.
(Additional reporting by Feisal Omar and Abdirahman Hussein, writing by George Obulutsa, Editing by Angus MacSwan)
* Won could touch 1,150; deep losses unlikely -analyst * KOSPI rebounds on foreign demand for stocks * Premium for S.Korean credit default swaps highest in 9 months SEOUL, April 12 The South Korean won wobbled early on Wednesday as growing worries over North Korea offset weakness in the dollar, but foreign equity investors appeared unfazed, buying local stocks. North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific. The won stood at 1,144.3 to the dollar as of 0214 GMT, up slightly up from Tuesday's close of 1,145.8. It touched as low as 1,149.5, its weakest since March 15. Ha Keon-hyeong, a foreign exchange analyst at Shinhan Investment Corp, said the won could fall to 1,150 if Washington issues further warnings to Pyongyang in the short-term, but doubted the won would weaken past that level. "If we rule out current geopolitical risks, the won is still regarded stronger than the dollar in the markets due to recent upbeat exports," said Ha. South Korea's exports grew more than expected in March thanks to stronger global demand, even as souring relations with China, its biggest trading partner, continue to pose risks to its economy. South Korean shares snapped a six-day decline as foreign investors came back in to buy the local equities. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was up 0.1 percent at 2,125.73 points. Offshore stock investors were set to break a seven-day selling streak. They purchased a net 25.3 billion Korean won ($22.11 million) worth of KOSPI shares near midday. Steelmaker Posco rose 1.1 percent while Samsung SDI fell nearly 2 percent. Decliners outnumbered advancers 440 to 322. June futures on three-year treasury bonds gained 0.04 point to 109.41. The premium for South Korean credit default swaps (CDS) rose to its highest level in nine months on Wednesday, as investors viewed the country's sovereign notes as a riskier bet amid the rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. The CDS premium of five-year South Korean government bonds rose to 57.14 basis points as of 0150 GMT, the highest since June 2016, and up from as low as 51.143 on Tuesday. 0214 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,144.3 1,145.8 Yen/won 10.4520/42 10.4408 *KTB futures 109.41 109.37 KOSPI 2,125.73 2,123.85 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bondsc (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Dr Christine Loh Kung-wai announces the results of the 4th HKSMESBI
Contact
Ms Denise Wong
Communication and Public Affairs, PolyU
***@polyu.edu.hk Ms Denise WongCommunication and Public Affairs, PolyU
End
-- The Sustainability Management Research Centre (SMRC) in the Department of Management and Marketing of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) today (14 February) announces the results of the 4th Hong Kong SME Business Sustainability Index (HKSMEBSI). The Hong Kong Council of Social Service (HKCSS) and Hong Kong Productivity Council (HKPC) are the project's strategic partners. The overall average score of the 33 small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the 4th HKSMEBSI is 66.02 (out of 100 points), an increase of 3.2% compared with that of 3rd HKSMEBSI announced in 2014, and up 13.2% compared with the 1st HKSMEBSI launched in 2012.Representatives of the 33 indexed SMEs were also presented Certificates of Recognition at the Announcement and Recognition Ceremony staged today. Officiating at the ceremony were Dr Christine Loh Kung-wai, JP, Under Secretary of Environment Bureau of HKSAR Government, Dr Miranda Lou, Vice President (Administration and Business) of PolyU, Professor Edwin Cheng, Dean of Faculty of Business of PolyU, Mr Cliff Choi, Business Director (Public Engagement & Partnership)of HKCSS, Mr Clement Li, General Manager (Management Consulting) of HKPC, and Dr Edward Lam, President of the Hong Kong Small and Medium Enterprises Development Federation.Addressing the ceremony, Dr Miranda Lou said, "PolyU is celebrating its 80th anniversary this year, and over the years, we have been committed to promoting sustainable development, which includes providing support in the areas of research, teaching and assisting the industrial and commercial sectors. One of the key missions of our Faculty of Business is to nurture corporate management talents with a sense of social responsibility."Professor Carlos Lo, Director of SMRC, explained that HKSMEBSI aims at promoting the understanding of corporate social responsibility (CSR) as a management model for SMEs to achieve business sustainability. For the compilation of HKSMEBSI since its launch in 2012, companies selected from different CSR awards in Hong Kong have been invited to complete an online assessment questionnaire concerning their CSR performance for the preceding year. For the 4th HKSMEBSI, the assessment was based on the 2015 data provided by the companies.The unique "Values – Process – Impact" (VPI) model developed by SMRC is used in the assessment scheme, which assesses the performance of each company in three major areas, namely CSR values, CSR process (comprising CSR management and practices) and CSR impact, as well as the company's contributions to economic, social and environmental sustainability.While the overall average score of the 4th HKSMEBSI was 66.02 points, the standard deviation was 24.34, reflecting a huge gap between the top and bottom performers. A total of 10 companies scored over 70 points, reaching the "Follower" level, whereas only 6 companies achieved this similar rank last year. Analyzing the company data for the 4 rounds from 2011 to 2015, there was an improvement of 13.24% in the overall average score. This indicates that local SMEs have progressed from the "Beginner" stage to the "Performer" stage of business sustainability performance over the past 5 years. As for the top 10 HKSMEBSI companies, the mean score was 88.81 in this compilation, maintaining the "Achiever" level in business sustainability. The top three companies scored over 90 points, reflecting that they have reached the "Pace-setter"level.Most worthy of attention is the overall average score for "Process – Management" of business sustainability which has increased from 53.37 points in the first round to 66.45 points in the current compilation, up 24.5%. This indicates that that SMEs have started to take CSR planning more seriously, making it more effective for them to translate their CSR beliefs into practice. Similar to previous years, "Impact" is still the weakest aspect, with an average score of 57.4 points only.Professor Lo said that the progressive improvement of SMEs in CSR and business sustainability as reflected in the index over the past 5 years has been encouraging although the gap between the top and bottom performers remained huge. They further pointed out that given the total number of SMEs in Hong Kong exceeds 320,000, the number of SMEs active in CSR is still limited, and the top CSR and business sustainability performers are still confined to a small pool. It is necessary for SMEs to undergo a long journey in sustaining their effort to promote CSR and achieving business sustainability. Individual SMEs must not only continuously improve their knowledge and understanding of CSR management and practice, but also maintain long-term dedication and commitment to CSR. The compilation and announcement of the HKSMEBSI serves to encourage the entire SME sector to pay serious attention to the commercial and social benefits of CSR. On the basis of this assessment, SMRC have been making constructive suggestions to individual SMEs for continuous improvement so as to boost their confidence and enhance their capacity to pursue sustainable development.Established since 2014, the "Sustainability Management Research Centre" has been dedicated to the promotion and advancement of CSR and business sustainability through research as well as joining forces with different sectors to assist business in the pursuit of sustainable development. In addition to compiling the business sustainability index for Hong Kong SMEs, SMRC also compiles and announces the "Hong Kong Business Sustainability Index" targeting the 50 Hang Seng Index Constituent companies on an annual basis. The objective is to inform timely both the local and the international business communities the on-going development and performance of the Hang Seng's constituent companies on business sustainability.(End)*************Press Contact : Professor Carlos W.H. LoDr Brenda Y.W. LEE WONGDepartment of Management and MarketingFaculty of Business, PolyUTelephone : (852) 2766 7347Email : mm.smrc@polyu.edu.hk Website : http://www.polyu.edu.hk/ mm/smrc
Sunderland 2-2 Liverpool
Jermain Defoe denied Liverpool a fifth successive Premier League victory with a penalty double as Sadio Mane went from hero to villain at Sunderland.
The Senegal international, playing their final game before heading off on African Nations Cup duty, looked to have won the game 18 minutes from time after Defoe had cancelled out Daniel Sturridge's opener from the spot.
However, their handball with five minutes left handed Defoe the opportunity to score their 11th goal of the season, and they obliged nervelessly to secure a 2-2 draw at the Stadium of Light.
The contrast between the form of the two sides could hardly have been more different ahead of kick-off, with Sunderland abject in defeat at Burnley on Boxing Day and Liverpool looking to maintain the pressure on leaders Chelsea.
Goalkeeper Vito Mannone was in fine form during a tight first half, turning away two efforts from Sturridge either side of a flying save from Georginio Wijnaldum inside the opening 18 minutes.
But opposite number Simon Mignolet was almost as busy against their former employers, fielding early efforts from Defoe and Jack Rodwell in an end-to-end start to the game.
The manner of Liverpool's opener jarred with the quality of the early attacking play on Wearside.
Defender Dejan Lovren scuffed their attempted volley from a James Milner corner harmlessly into the ground but saw the ball rear up off the turf for Sturridge to head past the helpless Mannone from close range.
If the home fans among a crowd of 46,494 feared the worst at that point, they were to be pleasantly surprised within five minutes when defender Ragnar Klavan clumsily upended midfielder Didier Ndong as they burst into the penalty area and Defoe slammed the resulting penalty into the bottom corner.
The England striker's first goal of 2017 should really have been followed almost immediately by their second after they ran on to Adnan Januzaj's through-ball but could not go round Mignolet with Fabio Borini firing wide from the rebound.
Sturridge tested Mannone once again from distance as the break approached, but the Italian stood firm to keep their side in it.
The home side were convinced they should have been awarded a second penalty when Emre Can appear to block Januzaj's 58th-minute cross with their arm, although at very close quarters, although referee Anthony Taylor was not.
The game was becoming increasingly stretched as the Black Cats sensed an opportunity, although that allowed the visitors to hit them on the break and Mannone needed to be at their best to keep out Sturridge's 71st-minute shot after they had run on to Adam Lallana's back-heel.
The Reds regained the lead from the resulting corner when Papy Djilobodji could only help on Alberto Moreno's corner to Mane, who tapped into the empty net, although their joy was short-lived when they conceded the game's second penalty by blocking Sebastian Larsson's free-kick with their arm.
Defoe's spot-kick was brutally emphatic to hand Sunderland a deserved share of the spoils.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
European shares slip on oil drop, weak US data
LONDON, June 14 European shares pulled back on Wednesday, as energy stocks fell on tumbling crude prices and banks were hit after weak U.S. data raised questions over future rate hikes in the world's biggest economy.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
DUESSELDORF, Germany A man of Islamist background has been detained by German investigators probing blasts against a bus carrying players of Borussia Dortmund football club, the federal public prosecutor's office said on Wednesday.
It said investigators had searched the apartments of two suspects from Germany's Islamist scene and decided to detain one of them.
It did not say where the suspect was detained but added that a decision would be made on whether to seek a judicial arrest warrant against him.
The prosecutor said metal strips had been used in the explosive devices activated in the attack, which injured one player and is being treated as having a "terrorist background".
"The precise motive for the attack is unclear at present," the prosecutor's office said in a statement.
(Reporting by Matthias Inverardi; Writing by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Paul Carrel)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The S&P/ASX 200 index was down 0.9 percent, or 51.358 points, at 5,882.5 at 0248 GMT.
"There's been a decent selloff in mining stocks because iron ore's been absolutely flogged last night, the futures market continues to gravitate lower in a raging bear market now," said Chris Weston, Institutional lender at IG Markets.
"So people are all concerned about holding materials equity here."
Iron ore on the Dalian Commodity Exchange was 0.3 percent lower after falling to its lowest price since Jan. 10 in the previous session, while copper slid to three-month lows on Wednesday.
Crude oil futures moved away from one-month highs as worries on rising U.S. inventories stoked concerns about global oversupply.
The market also tracked Wall Street, which fell overnight on geopolitical tensions and after President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal that the dollar "was getting too strong," and they would like to see interest rates stay low.
The materials and mining index fell 3.4 percent as BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals lost between 4.9 percent and 6.6 percent.
BHP Billiton extended losses into a third session, falling as much as 4.3 percent. The company rejected minor shareholder Elliot Advisor's proposal to overhaul its corporate structure and spin off its U.S. oil division on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, Credit Suisse sees BHP and CSL Ltd as a potential targets of hedge fund activism.
Trade data from China showed that iron ore imports rose 12.2 percent year-on-year, in the first quarter of the year, though worries are growing about swelling inventories at Chinese ports.
Fortescue Metals reported a 6 percent fall in third-quarter shipments on Thursday but assured it was still headed for a bumper year.
The energy index slid up to 2 percent as Woodside Petroleum and Oilsearch fell over 2 percent.
Whitehaven coal plunged as much as 8.1 percent after reporting a 11 percent decline in quarterly coal sales while also warning that outages caused by cyclone Debbie will impact coking coal prices for months.
On the brighter side, job data showed that March employment in Australia rose by 60,900, beating expectations.
Gold stocks in the region gained as safe haven demand rose after Trump's comments on the dollar weakened the greenback.
Newcrest Mining gained 0.6 percent, while Evolution Mining gained nearly 2.3 percent.
Telecom stocks lost as Telstra and Vocus Group lost 1.3 and 6.2 percent respectively.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index fell 1.1 percent, or 7.7 points, to 7,243.84.
Tegel Group and Restaurant Brands led the losses, falling 3.4 percent and 1.3 percent respectively, while Argosy Property and Fisher and Paykel Healthcare led gains, rising 2 percent and 1.6 percent respectively.
For more individual stocks activity click on
(Additional reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
FILE PHOTO: Syrian refugees arrive at the camp for refugees and migrants in Friedland, Germany April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
BRUSSELS Germany, Austria, Denmark and Norway should lift border controls within six months, the European Commission said on Tuesday, hours after Sweden said it was also planning to end frontier checks.
Part of the European Union's response to a surge of refugees and migrants in 2015, the bloc allowed controls in its passport-free area, despite concerns about the impact on trade, but EU home affairs commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos said they should now end.
"The time has come to take the last concrete steps to gradually return to a normal functioning of the Schengen area," they said of the passport-free area named after a town in Luxembourg and meant to be a symbol of free movement in the bloc.
"Schengen is one of the greatest achievements of the European project. We must do everything to ... protect it," Avramopoulos said in a speech.
More than a million people sought asylum in Europe's rich north in 2015, mostly in Germany but also in large numbers in Sweden, straining the capacity of countries to cope.
A contentious deal with Turkey to stop Syrian refugees from reaching Greece and the overland route to Germany, in return for EU funds, has reduced flows to a trickle, although thousands of migrants still try to reach Europe from Libya via sea routes.
The Swedish government said on Tuesday it would remove ID checks on journeys from Denmark into Sweden. However, its policy was not immediately clear after it said it would also maintain surveillance cameras and x-raying vehicles passing over the border.
Germany has argued it needs the controls despite the fall in migrants coming through Greece and the Western Balkans to combat the threat of Islamic militancy in Europe.
Under EU rules, the countries were allowed to impose the emergency controls for up to two years in September 2015.
The EU executive approved six-month extensions of controls at the German-Austrian border, at Austria's frontiers with Slovenia and Hungary and at Danish, Swedish and Norwegian borders. Norway is a member of Schengen but not the EU.
EU governments must now agree to the recommendations.
(Reporting by Robin Emmott; editing by Francesco Guarascio)
DELHI A Chinese navy ship supported by an Indian navy helicopter thwarted an attack by suspected Somali pirates on a Tuvalu-flagged merchant ship, India's defence ministry said on Sunday.
The ship, known as OS 35, was reported to be under attack on Saturday.
The Indian defence ministry said four of its navy ships in the vicinity responded to a distress signal from the ship and reached the bulk carrier early on Sunday.
It said the crew had taken refuge in the ship's strong room, know as the citadel, once they learnt they were under attack in line with established safe shipping operating procedures.
"An Indian Navy helicopter undertook aerial reconnaissance of the merchant vessel at night, and at sunrise ... (to) ascertain the location of pirates, if still on board," the defence ministry said in a statement.
"Subsequently ... a boarding party from the nearby Chinese Navy ship went on board the merchant ship, while the Indian Naval helicopter provided air cover for the operation."
China's defence ministry said in a statement a Chinese navy frigate on patrol in the area responded to the distress call from the ship, which it said had been hijacked by pirates. A helicopter conducted surveillance of the ship before 16 navy special forces soldiers were sent aboard to rescue the sailors.
It did not mention the Indian involvement.
The Indian defence ministry said all the 19 Filipino crew of the ship were safe and the captain of the ship thanked the Indian navy for their response and for providing air cover.
John Steed of aid group Oceans Beyond Piracy told Reuters the ship was sailing under navy escort to its next port.
The United Kingdom Maritime Trade Operations, which coordinates shipping in the Gulf of Aden area, said on its website the pirates had used a skiff to approach the vessel.
The attempted hijacking comes days after pirates seized an Indian dhow that was on route to Bossaso from Dubai.
Experts said some shipowners were becoming lax after a long period of calm, and that some were using a route known as the Socotra Gap, between Somalia and Socotra Island, to save time and cost regardless of the piracy risks.
At their peak in 2011, pirates launched 237 attacks off the coast of Somalia, according to the International Maritime Bureau, and took hundreds of hostages.
Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2fWNiCC
Their actions cost the world economy $7 billion (£5.66 billion) and earned the pirates some $160 million in ransoms, according to the bureau.
China's defence ministry said Chinese navy ships had helped patrol the Gulf of Aden and Somali waters since 2008, responding to several pirate attacks and conducting a small number of rescues.
(Additional reporting by Jonathan Saul in London, George Obulutsa in Nairobi, and John Ruwitch in Shanghai; Writing by George Obulutsa; Editing by Jane Merriman and Paul Tait)
B.C. starting teacher salaries are $10,000 to $15,000 lower than Ontario or Alberta says B.C. Teachers' Federation president.
Teacher Brent Mansfield is seen in their classroom at Lord Roberts Elementary School in Vancouver, B.C., on Wednesday December 6, 2017. (THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck)
The union representing British Columbia teachers will look to boost salaries, when their contract negotiations open later this year.
B.C. Teachers' Federation president Glen Hansman told a crowd at the union's annual general meeting Saturday night that the province's low starting salaries mean that B.C. still isn't attracting enough qualified teachers to fill a shortage that continues to reverberate across the province.
Related: Teaching shortage not being felt in Central Okanagan
B.C. starting salaries are $10,000 to $15,000 lower than Ontario or Alberta, they said in an interview before their speech. That makes B.C. and Quebec the lowest in Canada, they said.
“We don't set our (bargaining) objectives until the fall, but it could be fair to assume that given affordability issues in British Columbia, salary is going to be very important to look at, as well as unaddressed issues around class size and composition,” Hansman said.
Public sector bargaining begins in less than 10 months for the BCTF, they said. It is one of several unions that will renegotiate their contracts, which expire in June 2019, with the province.
British Columbia school districts have been since the Supreme Court of Canada ruled in favour of restoring language around class size and composition. About 3,500 positions have been filled and 300 remain open.
Related: BC Teachers Federation votes unanimously on deal
Hansman said that doesn't tell the whole story. The shortage of substitute teachers remains a problem, especially in Metro Vancouver. It means that when a teacher is absent, there is a domino effect in classrooms, with special-education and English-language teachers being pulled from their assignments to fill in.
“It's disruptive for the students who are supposed to be getting their support; it's disruptive for the other teachers at the school, who depend on kids coming and going throughout the day,” Hansman said.
They also said the current class size and composition standards may not be up to standard — another area that union members will discuss before heading into bargaining.
“We won in the Supreme Court of Canada in November of 2016, but what has been restored is language that hasn't changed, more or less, for a quarter century,”Hansman said. “So had that language around class size and composition never been unconstitutionally legislated away in the first place, presumably it would have continued to have evolved over subsequent rounds of bargaining.”
Early this month, Education Minister Rob Fleming announced an additional $571,000 to train more than 100 teachers in the highest-demand fields such as special education, French, math and physics.
Fleming added that last year's hiring spree was the largest in a generation and the province is continuing to make improvements to recruit and retain more teachers.
The extra funding for spaces came in response to a task force appointed to identify challenges facing school districts across the province, Fleming said.
A report by the task force determined 54 school districts had difficulty finding and retaining learning assistance teachers, teacher librarians, counsellors, and science, math and French teachers.
The BCTF annual general meeting continues through Tuesday and includes an address by Premier John Horgan that day.
Related: RCMP, teachers take action after spike in bullying at B.C. high school
Amy Smart, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
BEIJING China's navy has again sailed through the Miyako Strait that lies between two Japanese islands and carried out drills in the Western Pacific, state news agency Xinhua said.
The Chinese navy and air force have in recent months carried out a series of exercises in the Pacific, as they hone their ability to operate far from their home shores.
Xinhua, in a report late on Thursday, said the drills involved "exercises in communication, fleet formation changes, joint search-and-rescue operation and joint anti-piracy operation".
The drills are aimed at improving training and emergency response capabilities far out at sea, Chen Denan, chief of staff of the Chinese fleet.
"The drills are about enhancing communication and mutual trust, conveying a message of peace and friendship, and helping the fleet adapt to the demands of diversified military tasks," Chen told Xinhua.
The Miyako Strait is a body of water between Japan's islands of Miyako and Okinawa that also sits to the northeast of self-ruled Taiwan, that China claims as its own.
China's navy has been taking an increasingly prominent role, with a rising star admiral taking command, its first aircraft carrier sailing around and new warships appearing in far-flung places.
China this week launched its second aircraft carrier, and the first domestically developed one, but it is not expected to enter service until about 2020.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Michael Perry)
CORSICA, France (AP) — Corsica's nationalist leaders are demonstrating along with unions and students ahead of a visit next week by French President Emmanuel Macron.
The newly elected leaders on the French Mediterranean island hope that Saturday's march will spur on fresh talks with the French government about demands including equal status for the Corsican language and the release of Corsican prisoners held in mainland prisons.
In December, Corsican nationalists swept the election for a new regional assembly, crushing Macron's young centrist movement and traditional parties. The nationalists want more autonomy from Paris but unlike some in Spain's nearby Catalonia, they aren't seeking full independence — yet.
They also want protections for locals buying real estate on the destination that the French refer to as the "Island of Beauty," which is famed as Napoleon's birthplace.
Demand for Litmus platform increasing as global email spend grows beyond $3B
Litmus Executives
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Litmus
• Email
• Emaildesign Industry:
• Software Location:
• Cambridge - Massachusetts - US Subject:
• Executives
Contact
Brandyn Bissinger
brandyn.bissinger@ litmus.com Brandyn Bissinger
End
-- Litmus, an email creative platform for building superior customer experiences, has hired Erik Nierenberg as its new CEO as the company expands its product suite. A Litmus board member since 2016, Nierenberg was previously an SVP and GM at Lynda.com and spent more than six years at Salesforce.com in a variety of roles.For over a decade, Litmus has been helping marketers create and optimize effective emails that protect their brand experience with unparalleled subscriber engagement. "Litmus is focused on building out the most comprehensive and integrated email creation platform that helps our users create great subscriber experiences,"says Nierenberg. "I couldn't be more excited to join Litmus as CEO as we continue to create incredible value for our customers.""Litmus has experienced exceptional growth in user success, revenue, and global reach since we started the company," states Paul Farnell, Co-Founder of Litmus. "Erik is a fantastic fit to continue that success as we enable our users to create high-quality email experiences with the Litmus platform." Farnell is now overseeing the Litmus user experience as Chief Design Officer.Litmus grew its new accounts by more than 50% in 2016, attracting brands like Amazon, JetBlue, Lenovo, and Panera Bread. Email designers to marketing VPs utilize Litmus alongside over 250 global partners and email service providers such as Salesforce, Adobe, MailChimp, HubSpot, and IBM/Silverpop to ensure the brand alignment, quality, deliverability, and performance of every email they send."Litmus has made it possible for our team to save 30-60 minutes per email build," says Pamela McAtee, Senior Vice President of Digital at Epsilon. "When campaigns number in the thousands per month, that significantly improves allocation of resources and productivity."In addition to Nierenberg, other key executive hires include Chief Marketing Officer, David Rich (former Worldwide Director for Adobe's Creative Cloud for Business); VP of Customer Development, Brian Martin (NetSuite); VP of Engineering, Matt Gore (Enservio); VP of Product, Muhammad Rehman (GoDaddy, eBay, Oracle); VP of Business Development, Ryan Martin (Box, Salesforce); and Head of Online Growth, Joep Leussink (join.me, LogMeIn).About LitmusMajor global brands across every industry and vertical trust Litmus to make email better, including 9 of the top 10 ecommerce brands, 7 of the top 10 technology companies, and 23 of the top 25 US ad agencies. The email creation, testing, and analytics platform empowers marketers, designers, and agencies to confidently deliver customer experiences that ensure brand alignment and quality, as well as maximize performance and deliverability. Learn more about Litmus at litmus.com ( https://litmus.com/? utm_source=prnewswire&utm_medium= ... ), subscribe to the Litmus blog, or follow us on Twitter ( https://twitter.com/ litmusapp ) and Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/LitmusApp/).
April 5 ePRICE SpA:
* Finalised an investment in Click&Quick Distribution Srl (Click&Quick); following the completion of the transaction holds a 15 pct stake in Click&Quick share capital
* Click&Quick is a logistic operator focused on delivery services for e-Commerce players in Italy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Top ten mystery or crime novels set in the country
I would like to talk about my top ten novels set in the country or in small towns surrounded by the country because I love the country, because I think country is the ideal setup for mystery. Most of my novels, including Boundary, take place in the woods or in small communities where people live according to the rhythm of nature, to the particularities of each season, and can't ignore the fury of the wind, the darkness of the woods, or the melancholy of the rain.
Here are my choices (in no particular order):
In Cold Blood, by Truman Capote
I read Capote's novel about twenty years ago, and I'm still haunted by the story of this family, the Clutters, murdered in cold blood by two young men, Richard Hickock and Perry Smith, in the isolated village of Holcomb, Kansas. This book, as well as Crime by Meyer Levin, forced me to think about the nature of unmotivated crimes, of gratuitous violence, and about what can drive men to kill for no other reason than killing itself.
I also recommend the films inspired by this tragic and incomprehensible story and by the writing of Capote's book: In Cold Blood (Richard Brooks, 1967), Capote (Bennett Miller, 2005) and Infamous (Douglas McGrath, 2006).
Shutter Island, by Dennis Lehane
Shutter Island is a harrowing, riveting, and suspenseful novel that will imprison you on a small island off the coast of Boston, where we find Ashecliffe Hospital, a psychiatric institution for people who have committed horrible murders. When Rachel Solando, a dangerous patient, disappears, two police officers are called to the island, where they will face the most complex enigma of their careers. That's all I can say without spoiling the stunning conclusion of this brilliant novel. I also recommend the movie, but please, read the book first.
Boy's Life, by Robert McCammon
I read Boy's Life many years ago, and all I can say is that I was completely fascinated by this story. It takes place in Zephyr, a small town in Alabama, where the young Corey Mackenson and their father witness a car plunging into the lake, driven by a man who was already dead. After this accident, Corey will have to struggle with the demons and the shadows hiding in the memory of Zephyr. A masterpiece!
This Night's Foul Work, by Fred Vargas
Please, read the unique Fred Vargas, who creates, with police chief Jean-Baptiste Adamsberg and their team, one of the most original, brilliant, and funny series I ever read.
Drowned Hopes, by Donald Westlake
If you don't know the universe of Donald Westlake, I highly recommend you start with Drowned Hopes, a hilarious and incredible novel starring John Dortmunder, a very inventive but clumsy and unlucky burglar, and their gang of dumb crooks. In this adventure of the Dortmunder series, the protagonist and their acolytes try to blow up a dam to recover the loot of a burglary. If you don't laugh out loud while reading this book, you probably need some antidepressants.
Winterkill, by C. J. Box
Of all the novels of Box featuring Joe Pickett, I chose Winterkill because it's the first novel of Box's I read, and because I was already conquered by the universe of Pickett, a game warden in the vast and savage territory of Wyoming. But all the novels of the Joe Pickett series are worth the detour. So, if you like stories set in savage lands, mysteries involving outlaws, characters larger than life, and plots constructed around ecological issues, you will love the adventures of Joe Pickett and their associates, including the incredible Nate Romanowski, Pickett's best friend.
Bitch Creek, Gray Ghost, and Dark Tiger, by William G. Tapply
I don't know all of William G. Tapply's work, but I took great pleasure in reading their Stoney Calhoun series, which takes place in Maine. Earning their living as a fishing guide, Calhoun, after a mysterious accident, tries to live peacefully with their dog, Ralph, in their cabin in the heart of the woods, but the ghosts of their past reappear and they have to cope with mysterious murders or disappearances.
Sukkwan Island, by David Vann
David Vann is not what you can call a mystery writer but, in my opinion, they are one of the greatest contemporary novelists. All their novels are driven by the violence, the darker instincts of men, and plunge the reader into the rough waters of the human soul.
Sukkwan Island, David Vann's first novel, is about the troubled and tragic relationship between a man and their thirteen-year-old son on a savage island in the south of Alaska. Not recommended for people of a nervous disposition.
One Deadly Summer (L'été meurtrier), by Sébastien Japrisot
Set in a French mountain village, One Deadly Summer is a story of crime, passion, and revenge—the perfect combination for tragedy. The novel is split into six parts, each giving the point of view of a character during and after the events of the perfectly named “deadly summer.”
I also recommend the movie, directed by Jean Becker and giving star billing to Isabelle Adjani, Alain Souchon, and Michel Serreault.
Stephen King: make your choice…
One can't talk about mysteries set in the country without speaking about Stephen King, who is not only “the king of horror,” but also the master of Maine woods, of night fears, and of mysterious crimes. They also depicted childhood like no one else, except for McCammon in Boy's Life. When I want to enjoy myself by spending a few hours in the darkness of the country, I open a Stephen King novel and I enter into the complex universe of this great writer.
I mainly recommend, in no particular order, Desperation, The Stand, Lisey's Story, Duma Key, The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon, Gerald's Game, Dreamcatcher, Pet Sematary, Misery, The Shining (including the movie directed by Stanley Kubrick, even if King disowned it), the unforgettable It, and the short story titled Secret Window, Secret Garden.
One piece of advice: after Under the Dome, forget it; King lost their magic touch.
