In an embarrassment to the Israeli government, only five of 11 NFL players have arrived on a sponsored trip aimed at improving the country's image.
The ministry for strategic affairs and public diplomacy issued an press release after the Super Bowl boasting that the visit would bring "influencers" who would serve as "goodwill ambassadors" when they returned home.
The announcement led Seattle Seahawks defense lineman Michael Bennett to pull out. They accused the government of trying to use them for PR purposes and cited sympathy for the Palestinians. Several others players followed suit.
Rambam hospital spokesperson David Ratner says Wednesday that only five players arrived for a planned visit to the hospital. The ministry declined to comment.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
During a recent tour of the nearly completed park at Hunters Point South, a big storm was brewing. The sky blackened, winds raced and heavy rain began to fall. But the Queens waterfront park was made for moments like this.
The 11-acre green space, which stretches along the Long Island City waterfront from 50th Avenue to Newtown Creek over to Second Street, was designed to withstand major storms. During Hurricane Sandy, Phase 1 of the project was hit with a four-foot-high surge. It survived.
Now Phase 2 — which includes a kayak launch, outdoor fitness equipment and a massive overhang off the East River — was designed to withstand whatever nature dishes out, due to a barrier of new wetlands planted along the water's edge.
Police in Belgium have arrested a man who is suspected of trying to ram with their car an Orthodox man and a child on a street in Antwerp, JTA reported Saturday.
The incident occurred on Saturday morning while the man and the child were walking to synagogue and was filmed by security cameras.
Stay connected: The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news, highlights, scores, standings, and analysis all for FREE. Download for iOS (Apple) or Download for Android
Savage's case has prompted a fresh round of questions about whether the league is doing enough to identify concussed players and keep them from returning to games. In recent years, players have been shown on national television absorbing what appear to be severe blows to the head, then either staying in the game or returning to the game after just a few plays.
After being criticized for denying the links between head hits and degenerative brain disease, the league has in recent years tried to make the game safer through changes to the rules to reduce hits to the head and by deploying medical professionals on the sidelines and in the press boxes to quickly test players who they suspect have suffered concussions.
Yet even the N.F.L. concedes the protocol is imperfect because concussions are often difficult to diagnose in just a few minutes. In some cases, the symptoms are apparent immediately. In other cases, the players will feel symptoms an hour or even a day later.
Under the protocol, an independent neurologist on the sideline, separate from the team doctor, evaluates players and determines if they are able to play.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The independent doctors are typically neurological specialists who work in hospitals near the home team. They are paid for their time at games and, in theory, are not supposed to be influenced by a team's doctors, though in some cities, they may in fact work at the same medical facility as the team doctor.
After the game on Sunday, the Texans coach, Bill O'Brien, said: “We evaluated him. We made the determination — not me, obviously, the evaluators — made the determination to put them back in the game. We put them back in the game, and they came out, and they evaluated them a little bit more just because of what they saw, and that's where it's at.”
“I don't have anything to do with that,” O'Brien added. “Really, all I do is coach.”
That Savage was allowed to go back into the game after the hit sparked anger and disbelief among many fans and commentators.
Brian Smith of The Houston Chronicle, under the headline “N.F.L. appears brain dead after letting Tom Savage back into game,” wrote: “You know there's no way in the world Savage should have been allowed to return to that football game. Only in the N.F.L.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Chris Nowinski, co-founder of the Sports Legacy Institute, a nonprofit dedicated to concussions in sports, said on Twitter: "Disgusted that the Houston Texans allowed Tom Savage to return to the game after two plays after showing these horrifying concussion signs (is that a seizure?) after a head impact."
Last month, there was criticism when the Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson did not immediately go through the concussion protocol despite a hard hit against the Cardinals. The N.F.L. is reviewing the case.
This season seems to have had more than its share of high-profile injured players. Among those knocked out for the season, or much of it, are Julian Edelman of the New England Patriots, David Johnson of the Arizona Cardinals, Odell Beckham Jr. of the Giants, J.J. Watt and Deshaun Watson of the Texans, Aaron Rodgers of the Green Bay Packers, Joe Thomas of the Cleveland Browns, Richard Sherman of the Seattle Seahawks and, on Sunday, Carson Wentz of the Philadelphia Eagles.
MULBERRY, Fla. (WFLA) – A 15-year-old Mulberry boy is accused of shooting and killing their mother's boyfriend.
Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said on Wednesday that detectives are trying to figure out if the boy shot in self defense, or if they murdered the man.
Deputies responded to a report of a shooting at 12:50 a.m. Wednesday at a home on Gibson Street in Mulberry. Deputies found Paul Gregg Jr., age 37, dead from an apparent gunshot wound.
Deputies met with Jessica Whidden and their 15-year-old son, Michael Cole Whidden in a church parking lot near the home. Jessica and their son told deputies that Gregg had been drinking earlier in the day and was being argumentative. The Whiddens said they left the home to get dinner together and returned later.
They said that after they returned, Gregg began yelling at Jessica to kill themselves and that they were worthless. They told deputies that Gregg was armed with a knife.
The Whiddens told deputies that at some point, Michael Whidden became armed with a shotgun.
Deputies found Gregg deceased in their bedroom near the master bedroom closet. It is believed that they were shot in the master bedroom. Multiple firearms were found in a nearby closet.
Family members told deputies that both Jessica and Gregg are heavy drinkers and often argue. They have been together for about five years.
Sheriff Judd said that deputies were interviewing Jessica Whidden and Michael Whidden on Wednesday. They said that the case is complicated because Jessica Whidden had another boyfriend that Gregg had found out about and they were angry.
“It's just a red-hot mess and we're sorting it out,” said Judd.
Detectives say Jessica Whidden has a previous arrest for driving with a suspended or revoked license and Paul Gregg has a previous arrest for battery and DUI. Michael Whidden has no previous arrest history.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
A Louisville, Kentucky registered sex offender accused of masturbating in a public park denied the incident when questioned by police, saying instead they were startled by a groundhog while urinating.
According to the Louisville Courier-Journal, an unidentified victim spotted a man in a public park last Thursday. The man appeared to be following them and another person around the park with their pants down and their genitals exposed.
The man, 53-year-old Robert McCoy was arrested and charged with first-degree sexual abuse. But according to their statement to police, McCoy explained the incident as a misunderstanding.
They claim they were urinating in the park, when their pants fell down. They then claimed they were startled by a groundhog nearby and quickly turned around, possibly exposing themselves to passersby.
According to WAVE-TV, McCoy is listed as a registered sex offender. He's due back in court on Aug. 21.
Alex Hider is a writer for the E.W. Scripps National Desk. Follow them on Twitter @alexhider.
OTTAWA — Darian Pilon and Shane Bulitka scored in the shootout as the Sudbury Wolves edged the Ottawa 67's 4-3 on Sunday in Ontario Hockey League action.
Blake Murray scored twice in regulation time for Sudbury (10-17-5), while Kirill Nizhnikov chipped in as well. Jake McGrath kicked out 34 shots for the Wolves.
Peter Stratis, Kody Clark and Tye Felhaber scored for the 67's (14-15-3). Olivier Tremblay made 28 saves for Ottawa.
Sudbury went 2 for 6 on the power play and the 67's couldn't score on their four-man advantages.
—
BATTALION 5 COLTS 2
NORTH BAY, Ont. — Justin Brazeau had a hat trick, including the power-play winner, as the Battalion topped Barrie.
Luke Burghardt and Adam Thilander also scored for North Bay (11-16-4).
Ryan Suzuki and Andrei Svechnikov scored for the Colts (17-10-3).
Barrie's Luke Bignell was given a match penalty for a slew foot at 11:44 of the third period.
—
BULLDOGS 5 STEELHEADS 2
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. — Brandon Saigeon had a pair of goals as Hamilton downed the Steelheads.
Connor McMichael put away the eventual winner for the Bulldogs (18-7-6) at 3:09 of the second period. Will Bite and Nicholas Caamano also found the back of the net.
Michael McLeod struck twice for Mississauga (11-19-1).
—
KNIGHTS 6 OTTERS 2
LONDON, Ont. — Max Jones scored twice as the Knights sank Erie.
Andrew Perrott had the winner for London (15-13-2), while Cliff Pu, Sam Miletic and Robert Thomas also scored.
Kyle Maksimovich and Ivan Lodnia replied for the Otters (10-16-5).
—
RANGERS 10 STORM 3
GUELPH, Ont. — Cole Carter had a hat trick to lead Kitchener's rout of the Storm.
Adam Liska had the eventual winner and added three assists for the Rangers (20-10-2), while Adam Mascherin, Jake Henderson and Greg Meireles each had a goal and two assists. Giovanni Vallati, Riley Damiani and Jonathan Yantsis rounded out the attack.
Mason Primeau, Givani Smith and Ryan Merkley supplied the offence as Guelph (16-11-3) had its four-game win streak snapped.
—
GREYHOUNDS 6 SPITFIRES 3
SAULT STE. MARIE, Ont. — Boris Katchouk and Jack Kopacka had two goals apiece as the Greyhounds doubled Windsor.
Hayden Verbeek and Keeghan Howdeshell also scored for Sault Ste. Marie (26-3-2).
Aaron Luchuk, Cole Purboo and Logan Brown responded for the Spitfires (17-11-2).
—
SPIRIT 3 GENERALS 1
OSHAWA, Ont. — Marcus Crawford scored twice as Saginaw defeated the Generals.
Cole Coskey added an empty netter for the Spirit (15-11-3).
Kenny Huether replied for Oshawa (13-17-2).
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
A record number of snowy owls are stopping in Northeast Ohio due to a biological phenomenon.
The owls are native to the Arctic. It's normal to see one or two in Northeast Ohio during the winter. This year, 18 have been spotted in the Cleveland area just since Thanksgiving.
Marty Calabrese, a naturalist at Cleveland Metroparks, says the reason is owls had more to eat this summer, which led to more offspring.
Snowy Owls
There's more snowy owls so their distribution is reaching further south. And we call that irruption with an I.
Calabrese says the owls are not invasive, and are commonly seen along Lake Erie shore. They are expected to stay until March.
Twelve people have died and more are feared dead after the huge fire which destroyed a tower block in west London.
Flames tore through the 24-storey Grenfell Tower in north Kensington overnight, leaving people trapped on upper floors - some holding babies out of windows and others jumping from their
flats.
Some bodies have been removed from the smouldering remains of the building, which contains 120 flats thought to be home to between 400 and 600 people.
Commander Stuart Cundy of the Metropolitan Police said: "Sadly I can confirm that there are now 12 people that have died that we know of.
"This is going to be a long and complex recovery operation and I do anticipate that the number of fatalities will sadly increase beyond those 12."
Fire crews are continuing to tackle "pockets of fire" in the building with many people still unaccounted for.
Steve Apter, director of safety and assurance at London Fire Brigade, said: "I can confirm I have had firefighters manage to get through particularly arduous conditions up to the top floor."
London Fire Brigade said it had rescued 65 people from the building.
Mr Cundy added: "Whilst we may have accessed every floor that is not the same as a full search of the whole building, and as I said while we currently sadly have 12 fatalities, I do
believe that figure will rise and sadly I don't anticipate that there will be further survivors."
NHS England said 74 patients were treated in six hospitals across London. Thirty four patients remain in hospital including 18 who are in critical care.
Former San Francisco 49ers safety Eric Reid hasn't been signed by any team since becoming a free agent this offseason, causing they may be getting blacklisted by the NFL like their friend and former teammate, Colin Kaepernick.
Reid, 26, was the very first player to join Kaepernick in kneeling during the National Anthem in protest of police brutality and racism. Kaepernick initially remained seated during the playing of the anthem during a preseason game in September 2016; Reid was instrumental in convincing Kaepernick to kneel instead, as a sign of respect to the U.S. military.
Now Reid believes their kneeling is keeping them from being signed as a free agent, just as Kaepernick alleged after going the entire 2017 season without being picked up by a team.
“The notion that I can be a great signing for your team for cheap, not because of my skill set but because I've protested systemic oppression, is ludicrous. If you think is, then your mindset is part of the problem too,” Reid tweeted March 15.
At just 26-year-old, Reid has already been to a Pro Bowl and is in the prime of their career, so the speculation revolving around their unemployment is valid. Like Kaepernick, Reid may have rubbed NFL ownership the wrong way, which could be why they haven't been offered a spot on a team.
Reid shook up headlines back in November 2017 when they publicly left the Players Coalition, an organization made up by a group of NFL players looking to be active in social reform. Reid told reporters they were leaving because they didn't like how the group's leader, Philadelphia Eagles safety Malcom Jenkins, was handling negotiations with the NFL.
Jenkins and the Coalition ended up negotiating a deal for the league to donate $89 million over seven years towards social reform. But Reid said the deal was no good, as it would allow NFL owners to simply shift money that was already allocated for other significant charitable programs, such as Breast Cancer Awareness and other awareness campaigns.
“So it would really be no skin off the owners' backs: They would just move the money from those programs to this one,” Reid told Slate. “We didn't agree with that, because we weren't trying to cut other worthy programs. They moved forward anyways.
“[NFL Commissioner] Roger Goodell is trying to make this as easy for the owners to agree to as possible so that—again, their goal is to end the protests,” Reid continued. “He's trying to make it as easy possible to do that for the owners. He's going to present them with a proposal saying, ‘Look you really don't have to do anything. We're just going to shift this money from this area and just move it here.'”
Swipe to browse and then play the highlight clips. When find your preferred choice, select the “Vote” button below the highlight clip to cast your ballot. Voting ends at midnight PT on Wednesday; you may vote once per hour.
JERUSALEM (AP) — With a cease-fired declared Wednesday, Israel and Hamas appear to have pulled back from a fourth war after a day of intense rocket fire and airstrikes. But the situation could explode at any moment.
Tuesday's fighting was the heaviest since a 2014 war, with Palestinian militants firing scores of rockets and mortars into Israel, and Israel carrying out dozens of airstrikes in Gaza.
Both sides appeared to have accomplished some short-term goals. But the underlying issues that helped fuel the fighting remain in place.
Hamas, weakened by a decade-long blockade of Gaza, remains defiant and in distress. A confident Israel appears unrestrained by the United States or its Middle Eastern neighbors. Palestinian militants still have an arsenal of rockets and could potentially inflict damage or casualties in Israel, followed by Israeli retaliation.
Here's a look at the current state of play and potential for escalation.
___
HOW DID WE GET HERE?
Eleven years after seizing control of Gaza from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Hamas is in trouble.
Gaza's economy has been battered by an Israeli-Egyptian blockade, imposed to prevent the group from arming. Three wars with Israel have brought widespread destruction, and the Islamic militant group has no close international allies to bail it out.
Frustrated with their inability to regain control of Gaza, Abbas has stepped up economic pressure on Hamas by cutting the electricity supply and reducing the salaries to tens of thousands of former civil servants in Gaza.
Running out of options and rejecting calls to disarm, Hamas has led a series of weekly mass protests along the Israeli border during the past two months to draw attention to Gaza's poor conditions and pressure Israel to ease the blockade.
Israel has fired live bullets and tear gas to break up the protests and prevent a mass breach of the border fence, killing over 110 Palestinians, the vast majority unarmed. Some of the Palestinian protesters hurled fire bombs, burned tires or tried to breach the fence, undermining Hamas' claims that the protests were entirely peaceful.
Israel says Hamas is responsible for the bloodshed, and accuses the group of using the demonstrations as a cover for attacks.
Still, Israel has come under heavy international criticism for its use of deadly force. But the protests have not succeeded in easing the blockade.
____
HOW DID THINGS ESCALATE?
Earlier this week, Israel carried out a pair of deadly strikes on military posts belonging to Hamas and the smaller Islamic Jihad militant group, contending militants planted explosives and tried to break through the border to carry out an attack. Four militants were killed.
Early Tuesday, Islamic Jihad retaliated by firing a barrage of mortar fire into southern Israel near the Gaza border. Hamas later fired rockets for the first time since the 2014 war ended with an informal cease-fire.
The cross-border exchange lasted throughout the night, but both sides showed restraint. Israel targeted empty Palestinian military training and weapons sites, while the militants avoided use of powerful longer-range rockets capable of striking deeper into Israel. Both were signs that neither side wants to go to war.
___
WHAT DID EACH SIDE ACCOMPLISH?
The Palestinian militants, who accuse Israel of violating the terms of the 2014 cease-fire by targeting their military observation posts, believe they sent a powerful reminder that they still possess arsenals capable of disrupting the lives of hundreds of thousands of Israelis on the other side of the border.
"Israel used to initiate the strikes and end them unilaterally and impose new rules," said Adnan Abu Amer, an independent analyst in Gaza. "This time the resistance took the initiative. ... The resistance came out from this round in a superior position."
From Israel's perspective, the military delivered a measured, but powerful response that made Hamas realize quickly that fighting is not in its interest. Israel did not signal that it is willing to ease the blockade.
___
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?
While Israel's military and the Palestinian militant groups flexed their muscles, little was resolved.
Any time Hamas or Islamic Jihad resort to firing rockets, they risk triggering a fierce Israeli response, especially if there are serious casualties on the Israeli side.
Israel's "Iron Dome" rocket defense system intercepted dozens of incoming projectiles on Tuesday. But the system is not fail-safe. One mortar shell landed next to an Israeli kindergarten shortly before it opened, and four Israelis were wounded by Palestinian fire.
It was not immediately clear if Islamic Jihad, a much smaller, Iran-backed militant group, acted independently Tuesday or at least had the tacit blessing of Hamas. At times, Islamic Jihad has pursued objectives that differ from those of Hamas.
Israel, meanwhile, appears to have made progress in defusing long-term threats posed by Hamas. Its air defenses have largely mitigated the rocket threat, and its military has made great progress in destroying Hamas' system of attack tunnels along the border.
The Trump administration has shielded Israel from critics in Europe and the human rights community who say Israel's open-fire orders are illegal because they allow deadly force even when soldiers are not in life-threatening situations.
Israel has quietly forged good behind-the-scenes ties with Egypt and Gulf Arab states that have little empathy for Hamas, an offshoot of the regional Muslim Brotherhood movement.
But Israel's apparent military and diplomatic advantage does not solve the underlying problem of having a volatile, impoverished territory on its doorstep. Many analysts and members of the international community believe it is only a matter of time before Gaza boils over again as long as the blockade remains in place.
That could happen sooner than later. Next Tuesday, Hamas plans another mass protest along the border.
___
Associated Press writer Fares Akram in Gaza City, Gaza Strip, contributed to this report.
After a unique schedule that saw state-ranked No. 1 Aledo play its first four games at home, including the District 6-5 opener last week, the Bearcats will finally take to the road when district play continues at Saginaw.
Kickoff is at 7 p.m. today (Friday, Oct. 6) at Rough Rider Stadium on the campus of Saginaw High School.
Saginaw, at 0-4 (0-1 in district play), is seeking its first win of the season. The Bearcats are coming off a 56-7 victory over Chisholm Trail, but Bearcats head coach Steve Wood was not as pleased with their team's performance coming off a bye week.
“We are perfectionists, and we want to execute at a 100-percent level. We want to score on every down, and we don't want our opponent to score at all. (Against Chisholm Trail) we had too many what I would call mental breakdowns, especially offensively,” Wood said. “That kept us from being as efficient as we wanted to be. We just have to work that out. We have to coach them better; and the players have to focus better, so it is a combination of things. But I think our effort was good.”
Wood does not judge Saginaw by its record, and said the Rough Riders played a difficult non-district schedule (Burleson, Fort Worth South Hills, Keller Fossil Ridge). The Rough Riders fell 63-3 to Brewer in their 6-5A opener last week.
Saginaw is coached by Dane Johnson, the former Southlake Carroll and Texas Tech star fullback.  They are in their second year as SHS head football coach.
“Dane was the head coach at Flower Mound for several years, and became a head coach at a pretty young age,” Wood said. “He has done a good job, and they are a good guy. They have been at Saginaw a couple of years and is building a program.”
For the complete advance on the Aledo/Saginaw game see today's issue of The Community News.
District 6-5A
Aledo 1-0
Boswell 1-0
Eaton 1-0
Brewer 1-0
Northwest 0-1
Ch. Trail 0-1
Azle 0-1
Saginaw 0-1
Today: Aledo at Saginaw; Eaton at Boswell; Azle at Chisholm Trail; Brewer at Northwest.
Ladycats continue 6-5A volleyball action today at Saginaw.
Hoping to maintain second place and stay within a match reach of the district leaders, the Aledo Ladycats travel to Saginaw for a 6-5A volleyball match.
Ladycats' fans need to take note on a time change. The Ladycats and Saginaw varsity match will start at 5:30 p.m. at Saginaw High School.
Aledo swept Saginaw in the first round of district play.
Aledo is coming off a sweep Tuesday at Brewer, and junior hitter Hannah Jones enjoyed a productive week with 32 kills in the Ladycats previous two matches. On Tuesday Aledo also welcomed back all-state senior hitter Sarah Haeussler, who missed two league games as they went through concussion protocol. Haeussler had 12 kills and four blocks against Brewer.
District 6-5A
Boswell 8-0
Aledo 7-1
Ch. Trail 6-2
Eaton 5-3
Northwest 3-5
Brewer 2-6
Saginaw 1-7
Azle 0-8
Today: Aledo at Saginaw; Eaton at Boswell; Azle at Chisholm Trail; Brewer at Northwest.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
17 Remington Brass Anyone knows where I might find some New Nosler or Norma 17 Remington Brass??
I cant find it.
MUSIC: Pope – Ifeoma
For those who have loved good Nigerian music from way back, the name “Pope da Hitman” would not just ring a bell but also get you excited. From their hip hop-afrobeat inspired debut single “Enjoy” released in 2010, to their mellow love track, “Let Me” featuring Shaydee, we got a feel for their lyrical prowess and unique style. Soon after that, they released the remix to their single “Baale Baale” featuring 9ice and Reminisce, and their last single “I can't shout” featuring Eldee. They also rocked the airwaves on MI's illegal music 2 on the track “Pain” and Terry Tha Rapman's single “Shano”, amongst other collaborations.
Just when you thought they had left music for good, Pope makes a comeback with a new hit song “Ifeoma”. On the track produced by the superstar producer Spellz, Pope shows their versatility by moving away from their usual punchline rap style to something melodious and calmer for the soul. They talk about their burning love for a type A chick and how much of a distraction they pose. The track with its afrobeat undertones, is both the kind of music you'll like to wake up to, and the type to have you moving your body on a Friday night. This banger is sure to keep you wanting more from Pope. Listen, Enjoy and Share.
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/POPE-IFEOMA-prod-by-Spellz.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: Pope – Ifeoma appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
8th edition of the Adom Praiz concert will be held the Perez Dome Friday 6th October, 2017
The stage is set for the 8th edition of the Adom Praiz concert which is just hours away.
Renowned gospel artistes Francis Adjei, Steve Crown and Preye Odede have arrived in the country and are promising a spirit-filled night.
Joe Mettle, Denzel Prempeh, Celestine Donkor, Lady Ann, Joyce Blessing, The Multimedia Choir and a host of others is already for the mammoth concert at the Perez Dome.
Ibrahim Ben-Bako of the Entertainment News desk caught up with The Multimedia Choir at their rehearsal grounds at the Christ Temple.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
Service and supply firms in Canada's oil and gas sector need not look far for what they need to reach square one in the global export market: that was the key takeaway from a recent Calgary webinar.
Still available online, Going Global in the Oil & Gas Sector gives companies with a product, technology or service to market abroad a chance to find out what's involved before investing a nickel. Much of the information, including key reports and Thursday's webinar, is available at no cost.
During the webinar, three speakers, including Bemal Mehta, vice-president, energy intelligence with Daily Oil Bulletin publisher JWN, outlined the services their organizations offer Canadian companies considering wading into the export waters.
“There's a growing recognition that Canadian companies have technologies and capabilities that could be competitive globally, and many companies have already made the leap globally,” said Mehta, noting two reports designed to introduce companies to the process recently appeared. Going Global (Phase 1) was published in October, 2016 following it up with Going Global (Phase 2) in February 2017 (DOB, April 11, 2017).
Published in partnership with Export Development Canada (EDC), the Petroleum Services Association of Canada (PSAC), the Canadian Global Exploration Forum (CGEF), with support from the Alberta government, the Business Development Bank of Canada (BDC) and the Canadian Trade Commissioner Service (TCS), the reports are geared to guide companies to the first steps in entering foreign markets, and neither is meant to be a definitive guide.
Phase 1 of Going Global profiled six countries, while Phase 2 broadened the ambit to another 10 countries, mainly chosen for their active or developing oil and gas sectors, Mehta said. Together, the 16 countries profiled represent over 80 per cent of global oil and gas activity, and more than 65 per cent of global service and supply spending, they said.
“In a world where 120 countries globally have hydrocarbons, these 16 represent the best opportunities for growth for global service and supply companies,” they added. Designed to help companies identify export markets for technology, supplies and services, the reports are also meant to enable them to gain intelligence and market access. The reports focus on small-to-medium-size companies looking for short-to-medium term opportunities, in particular companies that fall into the class of “new exporter.”
Also speaking during Thursday's webinar was Rob Hodges, senior oil and gas advisor for EDC, often described as Canada's export credit agency. EDC offers insurance and financial services, bonding and small business solutions to Canadian exporters and to foreign buyers of Canada's goods and services.
Of $750 million the government of Canada has allocated to EDC for helping companies in Canada's oil and gas sector crack export markets, only about one third has been allocated, Hodges said, provoking one listener to ask why more of the money has not been spent.
“It takes time to work through the underwriting process,” they said. “We have [other funding] requests incoming, and over $100 million-plus in the pipeline right now. When it first came to the market, some people looked at [the EDC's fund] as a bailout fund, but that's not what it was meant to be. It's for companies that have an export plan, a strategy, that are diversifying into new markets, or have an innovative [service or] technology,” they said.
“Part of the underwriting process is that we do a full credit review [and] a CSR review and that takes time,” they added. “We have a full, robust pipeline and more transactions keep coming on a regular basis.” For companies that are brand new to the export business, Ottawa has created the CanExport program.
An executive with the Canadian Trade CommissionerService (CTCS), also spoke Thursday, outlining the services their organization, also a part of the government of Canada, offers companies.
“If you're part of the Canadian business community, contribute to Canada's economic growth, have a demonstrated capacity for internationalization and good potential to add value to Canada's economy, then you can benefit from our services,” said Amanda McNaughton, CTCS deputy director.
Those services cover four broad categories: preparing for international markets; assessing the market potential in foreign countries; finding qualified business contacts abroad; and resolving the problems — except legal ones — that sometimes arise along the way, they said.
Often, a trade commissioner in the company's local area is assigned. They or they will then work with the company to decide if it's internationally competitive, then help decide on a target market, collect market and industry information and improve the company's international business strategy, they added.
In addition to helping Canadian companies understand how to crack foreign export markets, the trade commission who is assigned will also help executives understand other services offered by the Canadian Trade Commissioner Service, and its partner organizations.
“In assessing your market potential, we can often help you determine the level of opportunity that exists in a particular market, appropriate approaches to that market, and gauge the amount of resources required,” they said.
An archived version of Thursday's Going Global webinar is still available online, using the following link (https://engage.vevent.com/rt/edc365~march21). In addition, both phases of the Going Global reports are available for download at Reports & Data | JWN Energy.
Canonical, the company behind the popular Ubuntu operating system, informed Softpedia today about the official availability Mozilla's Firefox web browser as a Snap package for Ubuntu Linux and other Snap-enabled GNU/Linux distributions.
The Firefox Snap package appears to be maintained by Mozilla, which allows Linux users to test drive the latest features of their Quantum browser on multiple GNU/Linux distributions that support Canonical's Snappy universal binary format.
Developed by Canonical, the Snap universal application packaging format for Linux lets Linux users enjoy the most recent release of a software product as soon as it's released upstream. It's secure by design and works natively on multiple popular Linux OSes.
Among these, we can mention Arch Linux, Solus, Fedora, Debian GNU/Linux, Linux Mint, Gentoo Linux, OpenSuSE, and others. Besides running on desktops, Snaps can also be used on servers and cloud systems, as well as a wide range of embedded devices.
"Mozilla has long been a leader in the open source space," said Jamie Bennett, VP of Engineering, Devices & IoT at Canonical. "As such we are very happy to announce that they are joining the community of applications already available as snaps."
Here's how to install Firefox as a Snap app
Ubuntu is among the GNU/Linux distributions that ship with Mozilla's Firefox web browser by default, and it always receives the latest versions a few days after they're released upstream, but with the new Firefox snap you have access to more than that.
According to Canonical, installing Firefox as a Snap will let you test drive the web browser's latest features by using Canonical's channel system to access the beta or edge versions. Of course, you can also replace the native DEB package with the Snap by default.
It's also possible to use both the native Firefox package from the official repositories of your GNU/Linux distribution and the Snap app. To install Mozilla's Firefox web browser as a Snap, all you have to do is to run the command below in a Terminal app.
snap installation firefox
Letter to the Editor
IN MY view The Gympie Times has sunk to an unprecedented low depth with its trumpeting of its affiliation with bookmakers Ladbrokes.
Twelve pages wasted on what is fundamentally a promotion of the insidious practice of betting on the hugely anachronistic "sport” of horse racing.
I suspect that most of your readers, like me, are not the slightest bit interested in wasting their cash on nags.
Let's face it, the only beneficiary of punting on horseracing is the bookmaker, so you are in fact, encouraging people to give their money to these lowlifes.
You might as well publish a guide to which establishments have the best poker machines for people to lose their money as quickly as possible.
At least operating a poker machine involves some degree of physical activity which would much better qualify it as a "sport” than gambling on horses.
Speaking of horses, (supposedly ecologically friendly) I read some time ago, in Scientific American magazine, that a scientist had calculated that if everyone who had ever driven a motor car (supposedly ecologically unfriendly) had ridden a horse instead, the entire land surface of the Earth would be covered to a depth of 3.6 metres (12 feet) in horse manure.
Please, please, keep up the good work and forget all about Ladbrokes.
Bevan Smithers,
Gympie region
Editor's note: Fair points Bevan, but I would like readers to know that one of the most frequent pieces of feedback I get is about the racing section. When it got reduced to 4 pages, or didn't run, there was an outcry. Partnerships with firms like Ladbrokes mean that sector of our readership get more bang for their buck. Of course, I do encourage punters to gamble responsibly.
WASHINGTON (NEWS10) – The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is warning people that improper use of nasal irrigation systems like Neti Pots can increase the risk of infection.
Neti Pots help flush out clogged nasal passages and help people breathe easier. They are typically used to treat congested sinuses, colds, and allergies and moisten nasal passages exposed to dry indoor air.
However, the type of water you use can cause health problems.
The FDA says using tap water isn't safe to use for a nasal rinse because it's not filtered or treated.
“Some tap water contains low levels of organisms – such as bacteria and protozoa, including amoebas – that may be safe to swallow because stomach acid kills them. But in your nose, these organisms can stay alive in nasal passages and cause potentially serious infections. They can even be fatal in some rare cases, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).”
What Types of Water Are Safe to Use?
Distilled or sterile water, which you can buy in stores. The label will state “distilled” or “sterile.”
Boiled and cooled tap water – boiled for 3 to 5 minutes, then cooled until it is lukewarm. Previously boiled water can be stored in a clean, closed container for use within 24 hours.
Water passed through a filter designed to trap potentially infectious organisms. CDC has information on selecting these filters.
Learn more on how to safely use Neti Pots and similar nasal irrigation devices.
Healthcare professionals and patients can report problems about nasal rinsing devices to the FDA's MedWatch Safety Information and Adverse Event Reporting Program.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is cracking down on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand called Juul after months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators. (Source: WWBT/RNN)
By MATTHEW PERRONE
AP Health Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - Federal health officials on Tuesday announced a nationwide crackdown on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators.
The Food and Drug Administration issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a monthlong operation against illegal sales of Juul to children. Investigators targeted 7-Eleven locations, Shell gas stations and Cumberland Farms convenience stores as well as vaping shops.
FDA regulators also asked manufacturer Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design, marketing and ingredients of its product. The rare request focuses on whether certain product features are specifically appealing to young people.
Like other e-cigarettes, Juul is an electronic device that turns liquid - usually containing nicotine - into an inhalable vapor.
Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive, Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discreet way to vape at school and in public. Parents, teachers and principals say they are struggling to control the booming trend.
"The bathroom is the main source of it," said Maureen Byrne, the principal of Dublin High School near San Francisco. "As students become more comfortable, we have seen it in classrooms and on campus even out in the open."
Health advocates have worried about the popularity of vaping products among kids and the potential impact on adult smoking rates in the future. A recent government-commissioned report found "substantial evidence" that young people who use e-cigarettes are more likely to try cigarettes.
FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said the current "blitz" targeting Juul will continue through the end of the month, with additional actions in coming weeks.
"This isn't the only product that we're looking at, and this isn't the only action we're going to be taking to target youth access to tobacco products, and e-cigarettes, in particular," Gottlieb said in an interview. They named several other brands of concern, including KandyPens and myblu.
Juul sales have exploded over the past two years, accounting for 55 percent of the U.S. market for e-cigarettes, according to recent industry figures. That's up from just 5 percent of the market in 2016.
The San Francisco-based company said in a statement it agrees with the FDA that underage use of its products is "unacceptable."
"We already have in place programs to identify and act upon these violations at retail and online marketplaces, and we will have more aggressive plans to announce in the coming days," the statement read.
Juul Labs says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law. Its age verification system searches public records and sometimes requires customers to upload a photo ID.
E-cigarettes have grown into a $4 billion industry in the U.S. despite little research on their long-term effects, including whether they are helpful in helping smokers quit cigarettes.
That's the sales pitch made by Juul and many other e-cigarette manufacturers: "Juul delivers nicotine satisfaction akin to a cigarette in a format that's as simple and easy to use," states the company's website. A Juul "starter kit" can be ordered online for $49.99. The company's website is intended to only sell to customers ages 21 and up.
Chaz Nuttycombe, an 18-year-old who has never tried vaping, says it's prevalent at their school, Hanover High near Richmond, Virginia.
"They're not doing cigarettes because that's not really hip," they said. "I think my generation has been educated on what's in a cigarette, the poisons and whatnot."
Research shows that many e-cigarettes contain trace amounts of chemicals like formaldehyde, but it's unclear whether they exist at levels that can cause long-term health problems. Most researchers agree any risks of e-cigarettes do not approach the long-established harms of traditional cigarettes, which cause cancer, heart disease and lung disease.
The FDA gained authority to regulate e-cigarettes in 2016, but anti-smoking advocates have criticized the agency for not policing the space more aggressively to stop companies from appealing to underage users, particularly with flavors like mango, cool cucumber and creme brulee.
"These are very positive steps and demonstrate that FDA recognizes the problem of youth use is very serious," said Matthew Myers, of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. "But they don't address the biggest issue that the FDA is not enforcing its own rules."
Myers' group contends that Juul and several other e-cigarette companies have recently launched new flavors and varieties without seeking FDA authorization. That step is mandatory under the FDA regulations put in place during the summer of 2016.
___
AP writer Collin Binkley in Boston contributed to this story.
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MILWAUKEE — The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee is losing its three top men's basketball players after coach Pat Baldwin's first year.
The leading scorers this season, junior guards Brock Stull and Jeremiah Bell and sophomore forward Bryce Nze, have received releases in order to transfer and play elsewhere.
Five scholarship players have left the team in less than a month. Sophomore guards August Haas and Jeremy Johnson left the program in March.
Stull, Bell and Nze say they're leaving on good terms with Baldwin, but also admit program changes in recent years played a role in their departures. After the university fired coach Rob Jeters, their replacement, LaVall Jordan, left after one season when they were hired at Butler. The Panthers posted a 16-17 season in Baldwin's inaugural year.
NEW YORK — Mary J. Blige is dancing into the Golden Globe Awards as a double nominee — for their acting and songwriting — while Mariah Carey and Nick Jonas are some of the other popular singers nominated for honours.
Blige earned nominations Monday for their work in the Dee Rees' period film “Mudbound.” She's up for best supporting actor in a motion picture and best original song for “Mighty River,” which they co-wrote.
“I feel so good. I've been thanking God all morning long. I've been up since my phone has been ringing,” the 46-year-old singer said in a phone interview with The Associated Press.
“Mudbound,” released on Netflix last month, follows two neighbouring families — one black, one white — on a hardscrabble farm in the 1940s Mississippi. Blige plays the role of Florence Jackson, a mother and sharecropper's wife.
They filmed last summer in New Orleans, around the time Blige announced they were divorcing from their husband and former manager. They said they took all of the emotion from their personal life and put it into the film.
“I would come over to (my acting coach's) house and I would be going through it. And they would say, ‘Take all of that mess and give it to Florence. Give everything to Florence.' And I just gave Florence everything that was good, bad, vulnerable, that was strong, that was sad, that was disappointing,” they said.
Blige detailed the very public breakup and infidelity claims on their album, “Strength of a Woman,” released in April.
“2016 was the year that I didn't know what the heck was going on. As women we have intuition, we don't know exactly what's happening, we just feel everything. I know I feel everything. And I just gave … everything I was feeling to Florence,” they added.
Blige, who grew up in New York, said trips to the South to visit their family also helped them connect to the character: “I would see my grandmother and my aunts and they were this woman Florence, so I saw this woman a lot. I think I probably have them in my DNA.”
They also said it was tough transforming from Mary J. Blige, the 9-time Grammy-winning R&B superstar, to Mary J. Blige, the actor.
“I wear a lot of wigs and weaves and things like that, but for this I had to wear my own textured hair, which I was never really wanting to do, especially without a perm,” Blige said. “And (Dee Rees) was like, ‘No, I want nappy edges. I want Florence to look like she's a sharecropper's wife, and it was a little hard disconnecting from Mary J. Blige because she's been around for a minute. So it was hard to get rid of her, but once I got rid of their Florence actually liberated Mary. So it was sad but beautiful at the same time.”
Blige's two nominations are the only ones “Mudbound” earned Monday.
The singer shares their best original song nomination with Taura Stinson and Raphael Saadiq, the singer-songwriter-producer who has worked on hits for Solange, D'Angelo, Erykah Badu and himself.
Blige's competition includes Carey, who is nominated for the Christmas tune “The Star,” from the animated movie of the same name.
“Listen, I've been a fan of Mariah Carey since Mariah Carey came out. It's a beautiful thing to see all of your peers at the same time being blessed and nominated and recognized for our work,” Blige said.
Jonas is also up for best original song for “Home” from the animated film “Ferdinand.” Jonas and Carey are first-time Globe nominees; Blige was up for an award at the 2012 show for “The Living Proof” from the film, “The Help.”
Other best original song nominees include Oscar-winning composers. Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, the husband-and-wife songwriting duo behind “Let It Go” from “Frozen,” are nominated for “Remember Me” from the film “Coco,” while Benj Pasek and Justin Paul — who earned an Oscar this year for “City of Stars” from “La La Land,” are up for “This Is Me” from “The Greatest Showman.”
There's a catch, though. The broadcast will technically count as a trial, and while all 29 of BBC One's World Cup matches will be shown live via BBC iPlayer, there will only be a limited number of spaces available for each game. It's not clear exactly how many spots are open -- at least tens of thousands--– but you'll only be able to watch on a first come, first served basis. This should pave the way for optimized Ultra HD broadcasts in the future, though.
The broadcaster is also using the World Cup to test out its virtual reality offering. It's developed an app (the catchily-titled "BBC Sport VR – FIFA World Cup Russia 2018" app) that will let anyone with a smartphone or compatible VR headset watch live coverage of all 33 matches from their very own luxury private box in a Russian stadium. You'll be able to watch daily highlights packages on one of your box's virtual big screens at the same time as the live action, or switch your view so you're sat right behind one of the goals on the pitch. No restrictions on numbers here, and the app will should be arriving soon on Apple, Android, Gear VR, Oculus Go and PlayStation VR.
This is a pretty significant undertaking for the BBC, which has traditionally lost out to more "dedicated" sports broadcasters, such as Sky and BT Sport, which have had 4K under their belts for a while. The World Cup is arguably the biggest sporting event on the planet, so the Beeb's decision to show the beautiful game in this way puts the organisation among the big boys. Plus, it brings an enhanced viewing experience to those who don't have existing 4K subscriptions or the cash to fork out for pay-per view. Hopefully these trials will set the scene for a future Ultra HD World Cup where the BBC can get everyone involved.
EXETER, N.H. — A New Hampshire prep school principal who helped respond to allegations of sexual abuse against former staff members and students is leaving at the end of the year.
Phillips Exeter Academy Principal Lisa MacFarlane says in a letter sent to the school community on Friday they will be returning to the University of New Hampshire, where they worked for 28 years before taking over at Exeter in 2015.
MacFarlane was hired during accusations of past sexual misconduct and the mishandling of those cases at the school.
MacFarlane says in their letter Exeter was first to establish a director of student well-being and the school's work to serve current students and alumni survivors is a model for other institutions.
MacFarlane is credited with modernizing the school's campus.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – Speed Busters is back along the streets of Tampa. This time, our traffic reporter Leslee Lacey brings their radar gun to the Ridgewood Park neighborhood, which is just north of downtown.
Community president Stacey Warden has been trying to get drivers to put on the breaks in their neighborhood for 15 years.
“I moved here in 2002 and ever since then, traffic calming has been one of main concerns in the neighborhood,” Warden said.
After speaking with Warden only a few minutes, Leslee clocked a few cars going by. Two were traveling 10 miles per hour over the 25 mph speed limit.
“Stacey, I was out here just a moment I already got somebody at 36 mph. There's only been a couple of cars to come by. Is that normal?” asked Leslee
“Yes,” replied Warden.
Warden said they have tried everything.
“We bought a bunch of ‘drive like your kids live here' signs. We've worked with the city and they gave us reflectors and these little blue signs that say ‘please slow down.'”
The City of Tampa also installed a traffic light at Columbus to alleviate through traffic and added sidewalks. But, the cars keep coming, and fast, down Ridgewood Avenue.
Leslee clocked another speeder.
“Wow, look at that guy. Come here Phyllis, check this out. They keep going, 40 mph,” said Leslee.
Neighbor Phyllis Marsh is also frustrated with speeders. Marsh had three cats killed by cars.
Marsh is very frustrated with lead feet.
“I've lost three. One…my neighbors were out there and we couldn't even hear what happened and we had to put them down. They were still alive, it was heartbreaking,” Marsh said.
They joined Warden in getting a neighborhood speeding petition sent to TPD back in 2013. Warden said the City of Tampa has been very responsive, but the speeders keep coming. At this point, they would really like to see TPD ticket speeders and send a message.
“Well, if we could just have some more police presence out here, I think they could make a lot of money,” said Warden.
Another speeder was caught on Leslee's radar.
“Okay, that guy just went by us right now. That vehicle? Thirty-seven mph,” said Leslee.
“In a 25 mph zone,” answered Warden.
Leslee reached out to the Tampa Police Department to see if they can do anything to help Warden and their fellow residents cut down on speeders.  They are awaiting their reply.
If you have an area where speeders area concern, contact Leslee at their WFLA Leslee Facebook page and they will bring Speed Busters to your street.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Embed has hired David Teitelbaum as its new Installations Manager. Their chief responsibilities include ensuring that all Embed system installations run smoothly and efficiently, and that FEC customers and other users get high-level service.
Teitelbaum hasn't spent much time in the out-of-home entertainment industry, but has provided implementation and support services for the past 27 years for companies including American and United Airlines, as well as physicians' offices and surgery centers.
“In visiting multiple out of home entertainment facilities with my family, from birthday parties to spending a rainy Saturday, I was always intrigued by the systems I knew existed behind the scenes. The accomplishments to come have me excited and I'm looking forward to this new and intriguing challenge. Plus, according to my teenage boys, I've become the coolest dad in town since my work now involves video games!” Teitelbaum said.
Embed's Director of Sales Matthew Harrison added, “We're pleased to have someone of David's caliber as our new Installation Manger. Their commitment to excellence and years of experience make them a great asset to our team.”
Representative Jim Jordan appears on Fox News with Ed Henry to discuss the ramifications of the FBI using the “Clinton-Steele dossier” to secure “Title I” surveillance authority through the FISA court system.
Title I FISA approval is made with the implicit understanding the FBI is presenting factual and irrefutable evidence that the American citizen targeted, Carter Page, is operating as a foreign agent on behalf of a foreign government. Mere contacts with governmental officials is not enough to gain a Title I FISA warrant; “agent of a foreign power” who is “knowingly engaging in clandestine intelligence activities.” The evidence must show the American Citizen is an agent of a foreign government.
Jammeh shuts Gambian opposition radio
The authorities in The Gambia have shut down a popular radio station critical of long-serving ruler Yahya Jammeh. Intelligence agents ordered Teranga FM's closure without giving reasons, said Emil Touray, the head of the Gambia Press Union. This is the first sign of a crackdown on the media since Mr Jammeh rejected defeat in the 1 December poll.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Cityscape photography has become increasingly popular in recent years as downtown revival and walkability have been prioritized by city governments. Humans are intrinsically attracted to the patterns, lines, and vivacity of urban landscape images. Additionally, photographing cityscapes requires only a modest investment in camera gear, with a sturdy tripod and a decent wide-to-normal zoom lens being the most critical. Having spent the past five years living close to bustling city centers I have come to love photographing cityscapes. Research and trial-and-error are my teachers. In this article, I will share some common mistakes made by cityscape photographers, including several tips on how to take better cityscape photos yourself.
1) Underexposure
Problem: Modern cameras are good at automatically achieving proper exposure for daytime scenes, but they often struggle to balance bright artificial lights against an otherwise dark scene at night. As a result, many cityscape images taken after sunset end up underexposed.
Solution: It is important to check your camera's histogram instead of relying on automatic modes or meter readings. If the histogram is heavy on the left, then you should increase your exposure to compensate. I generally overexpose my urban nightscapes up to one full stop over the meter reading.
2) Black Night Skies
Problem: Total darkness is usually not the best time to photograph a cityscape. A black sky casts virtually no light compared to a city's artificial lighting. As such, an urban scene photographed under these conditions will show lots of small bright spots, but little detail on the actual buildings.
Solution: If you are trying to capture a night cityscape, then I recommend arriving at the location at sunset and waiting until dusk falls. “Blue hour” is when the sky turns dark blue about 30-45 minutes after sunset and balances perfectly with artificial lights.
3) Bad White Balance
Problem: Just like your camera's auto-exposure has trouble with artificial lighting, so does its automatic white balance. When artificial light achieves the same strength as natural light your camera will be hard pressed to determine which light source to balance off of.
Solution: If you are shooting RAW (which I highly recommend), then you can adjust your WB with image editing software. Either way, it is best to set WB manually. Cloudy WB on Nikon cameras seems to preserve natural colors the best. Additionally, make note that foreground objects and buildings in the background may be lit by lights with different color temperatures.
4) Converging Lines
Problem: Skyscrapers are the bread and butter of a cityscape. Straight lines converging (keystoning) because of perspective distortion is a good way to ruin a skyline. Perspective distortion is most commonly seen with wide-angle lenses.
Solution: My recommendation is to either keep your lens level to avoid keystoning or to make keystoning an obvious part of the image by shamelessly pointing your lens up or down. A slightly distorted scene is the worst, in my opinion. Additionally, tilt-shift lenses and image editing software allow photographers to straighten lines without compromising the framing of a scene.
5) Poor Visibility and Bad Weather
Problem: Many cities are built near bodies of water. Water is a great asset for urban landscapes, but it can also be a liability. Fog, haze, and overcast skies may undermine an otherwise good cityscape.
Solution: Living in San Francisco has taught me first-hand that checking the weather before you attempt a shoot is important. If visibility is less than eight miles you will likely be dealing with fog or haze. A polarizing filter will help to cut through haze.
6) Construction
Problem: One of the realities of living in an urban environment is that large construction projects can get in the way of your photography. For example, a month ago I walked to Alamo Square Park to take a picture of the famous Painted Ladies in San Francisco. Upon arrival I realized that the park was undergoing renovations and no picture was possible.
Solution: If you are looking for a “perfect” image without distracting construction, then you will need to be patient and wait for the construction to go away.
7) Closing Words
Urban landscapes are one of the most accessible types of photography because they can be captured with inexpensive gear in walkable locations. One way to differentiate yourself as a cityscape photographer is to avoid obvious pitfalls. Please share any additional tips you may have in the comments below.
What Voters Want in the Next U.S Senate
by Danielle Wallace
From 11 Republicans to 8 Democrats, voters will soon cast their ballot in a special U.S Senate race.
Some voters already have their minds made up on who should represent Alabama.
“People want someone who is honest, someone that's going to do what they say they're going to do. that doesn't have an agenda and tell people here what they think people want to hear and then go up to washington and do the same old thing,” says Josie Eskridge.
Voters believe the political environment needs to change.
“Transparency and independence. we have so many of our leaders that go in there and let people whisper into their ears, give them ideas and concepts,” says Louis Dancer.
They're tired of lifetime politicians, tired people going to Washington and not making things change or make things happen,” says Eskridge.
Senator Luther Strange currently holds the seat. They were appointed by former Governor Robert Bentley after Jeff Sessions was appointed Attorney General.
But that could all change if supporters for front-runners like Roy Moore and Mo Brooks turn out at the polls.
“The most important characteristics are going to be honesty and integrity and i feel that several of the candidates that we have offer that, several of them don't offer that. but we're certainly looking in our next senator and I believe that we had it in our past senator,” says Gray Killough.
Voters say it's those characteristics that are needed to tackle crucial issues on Capitol Hill.
“We quite a bit of poverty in this state. we certainly do need social programs that work strongly for us but we also need financial and physical conservatism built into that,” says Killough.
“With all the controversy that's already going on, you definetly don't want to add more controversy to controversy so i mean you need somebody that's going to try to bring peace to what's already going on locally, nationally, and internationally,” says Gerrone Thomas.
Following Tuesday's primary election, run-offs could be in September with the general election set for December 12th.
Nat shares this latest news from Ryde Academy. Ed
On Monday 29th January a group of GCSE and A Level Citizenship students travelled to London and got a chance to see how democracy in the UK works.
Students started the day at the Supreme Court and were given the opportunity to listen to and take part in debates on issues like religious rights violations and assisted dying, topics they have studied in the classroom.
On to Parliament
Following a tour of the courts students headed to Parliament via Whitehall and Downing Street.
On arrival they had a guided tour of the House of Commons and the Lords before taking part in an interactive campaigning session inspired by the women's suffrage movement.
Island MP Bob Seely came down to surprise students and opened the floor for a question and debate session. They took a grilling on issues such as Brexit and the NHS on the Isle of Wight.
An exciting experience
Year 11 student Owen Cotton said,
“It was an exciting experience to see democracy in action and nice to meet our own MP.”
Ned Elliott, also in Year 11 felt the trip was a successful combination of a fun and an educational experience.
WELCOME LUNA: Barnacles Café and Dolphin Feeding have welcomed the arrival of 4-week-old Luna to the community.
WELCOME LUNA: Barnacles Café and Dolphin Feeding have welcomed the arrival of 4-week-old Luna to the community.
A NEW addition to Tin Can Bay's famous dolphin feeding institution is drawing crowds from across the region.
Born 4-weeks ago, Luna was officially named last week.
Barnacles cafe and dolphin feeding owner Les Dunstan said Luna was in good spirits.
"Luna is doing very well and has fit in amongst the other six dolphins,” Mr Dunstan said.
"We have about 13 in the pod.”
The new addition is a welcome asset to the Tin Can Bay community.
Luna is enjoying their stay in Tin Can Bay. Fraser Coast Dolphin Research Pr
"We have a lot of people who have been coming to see Luna and all the other dolphins,” they said.
"We're definitely excited to have Luna with us.”
The news was shared all over Facebook with one Gympie resident ecstatic with the news.
"The little 'peanut' is the cutest thing ever. It was soooo wonderful seeing the little one today,” one visitor said.
Mr Dunstan said dolphins don't get fed until 4-years-old.
"Due to Luna only be 4-weeks-old, they can't be fed until they're 4 years old,” they said.
The new baby dolphin 'Luna' is enjoying their stay at Barnacles in Tin Can Bay. Fraser Coast Dolphin Research Pr
Description:
The Australian humpback dolphin gets its name from the elongated dorsal fin and humped back appearance which arises from the accumulation of fatty tissue on their backs as they age.
The male and female Australian humpback dolphins can grow between 2.6m and 2.7m, reaching physical maturity at around 14 years of age.
Threats:
Living close to coasts and rivers, the Australian humpback dolphin is susceptible to pollution as well as shark and fishing nets.
Overlooking Snapper Creek inlet in Tin Can Bay, Barnacles cafe provides an idyllic setting for you to enjoy breakfast while you are here to feed the Australian humpback dolphins.
On Friday, during the public viewing of Barbara Bush's casket, George H.W. Bush offered their hand to many of the around 2,500 people who walked through the church to pay their respects.
A year ago this month, they spent two weeks in the hospital for treatment of pneumonia and chronic bronchitis, a constant irritation of the lining of tubes that carry air to one's lungs. Their doctors said chronic bronchitis is a condition more prevalent with age and can aggravate the symptoms of pneumonia.
The elder Bush was hospitalized for 16 days in January 2017 for pneumonia. During that hospital stay, which included time in intensive care, doctors inserted a breathing tube and connected them to a ventilator.
They also are hospitalized in 2015 in Maine after falling at home and breaking a bone in their neck, and in December 2014 for about a week for shortness of breath. They spent Christmas 2012 in intensive care for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues.
People in their 90s with Parkinson's disease are often at higher risk of pneumonia and other infections because their swallowing process can be compromised, said Dr. David Reuben, professor of geriatric medicine at the UCLA medical school in Los Angeles.
"And the stress of losing a loved one can weaken the immune system," they said.
Bacterial infections are treated with antibiotics, they said, while viral infections require other treatments. Infections that spread to the blood usually are not viral, however, they said.
The prognosis for such a case would depend on a number of factors, including heart rate, blood pressure and oxygenation, Reuben said.
"The more of these parameters are abnormal, the more serious the case is," they said.
George Herbert Walker Bush served as president from 1989 to 1993. Born June 12, 1924, in Milton, Massachusetts, Bush also served as a member of congress, CIA director and Ronald Reagan's vice-president.
___
Associated Press reporter Terry Wallace contributed to this story from Dallas.
By Michael Graczyk, The Associated Press
NICOSIA, Cyprus — Greek Cypriots are gearing up for a presidential runoff on Sunday, barely seven months after the latest failure to reunify the eastern Mediterranean island nation of Cyprus.
President Nicos Anastasiades is looking to reprise their triumph over left-leaning Stavros Malas in 2013 when the two men faced each other. Earlier polls had shown Anastasiades beating Malas convincingly in Sunday's runoff, but Malas' strong showing in last weekend's first round of voting might make it a closer race.
Voters are skeptical about whether anyone can lead them out of the labyrinth of the decades-old division with Turkish Cypriots.
Cyprus was divided into a Greek-speaking south and a Turkish-speaking north in 1974 when Turkey invaded following a coup by supporters of union with Greece. Only Turkey recognizes a Turkish Cypriot declaration of independence and keeps more than 35,000 troops in the north.
Anastasiades, 71, who says it will be their last term in office if re-elected, is counting on their track record of turning the economy around after a 2013 financial crisis that saw unemployment soar and salaries slashed. They have also been trumpeting their role in steering peace talks with breakaway Turkish Cypriots farther than anyone else since the 1974 split.
By contrast, the 50-year-old Malas is hoping their relative youth will strike a chord with the 550,000 eligible voters, many of whom are disillusioned by the acrimonious breakdown of the latest round of peace talks and years of economic uncertainty that's shaken the confidence of the middle class.
Anastasiades and Malas secured 35.5 and 30.2 per cent of the vote, respectively, in the first round, setting up potentially a tighter than anticipated final vote.
Both were busy trying to reach out to the supporters of candidates that have been eliminated, notably those of the centre-right Nicholas Papadopoulos, son of late former President Tassos Papadopoulos, who came in third with more than 100,000 votes — or 25.7 per cent of the vote.
Nicholas Papadopoulos backs a tougher approach to the peace talks, arguing that both final candidates have been willing to make too many concessions to Turkish Cypriots. Papadopoulos and the coalition that backed them have decided not to endorse either candidate in the runoff.
Conscious of Papadopoulos' sizeable voter support, Anastasiades and Malas have sought to ease concerns about how far they're willing to go in peace talks. Both insisted that they wouldn't agree to a Turkish demand to incorporate military intervention rights and a permanent troop presence into any peace deal.
Turkey's intentions on Cyprus lie at the root of Greek Cypriot fears, and political leaders broadly agree on the need to lift Ankara's hand from a reunified Cyprus. Anastasiades has repeatedly said that Turkey wants to turn the island into its “protectorate.”
A recent opinion poll found that nearly 90 per cent of Greek Cypriots don't believe there will be an agreement any time soon.
Aiming to keep hopes for peace alive, both candidates said among their first acts in office if elected would be to approach Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci in hopes of reviving negotiations.
Most voters who supported Papadopoulos will cast their ballots for who they consider the least bad candidate, political analyst Giorgos Kentas said.
With both Anastasiades and Malas perceived to be on the same page regarding peace talks, voter preference may boil down to which candidate voters trust most to deliver the most benefits from an economy on the mend.
Anastasiades says a Malas presidency will bring in a period of overspending that will hobble the economy once again.
Malas argues that Anastasiades has little credibility — the incumbent backtracked in 2013 and accepted a rescue package from creditors that forced the seizure of savings over 100,000 euros in Cyprus' two largest banks.
They also say Anastasiades' fiscal policies are geared toward the wealthy rather than ordinary households that aren't reaping the benefits of an economy growing at around 4 per cent, one of the highest in Europe.
——
This story has been corrected to show that Stavros Malas secured 30.2 per cent of the vote in the first round, not 35.2 per cent.
MILAN (AP) — An Italian gunman with extreme right-wing sympathies shot and wounded six African immigrants Saturday in a two-hour drive-by shooting spree, authorities said, terrorizing a small Italian city where a Nigerian man had been arrested days earlier in a teenager's gruesome killing.
Police photos showed the shooting suspect with a neo-Nazi tattoo prominently on their forehead as they sat in custody and an Italian flag tied around their neck as they were arrested in the central Italian city of Macerata,. Authorities identified them as Luca Traini, a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record.
Traini had run for town council on the anti-migrant Northern League's list in a local election last year in Corridonia, the party confirmed, but its mayoral candidate lost the race. The news agency ANSA quoted friends of theirs as saying that Traini had previously been affiliated with Italian extremist parties like the neo-fascist Forza Nuova and CasaPound.
The shooting spree came days after the slaying of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme. Italy has struggled with the arrival of hundreds of thousands of migrants in the last few years coming across the Mediterranean Sea in smugglers' boats.
After the attack, Premier Paolo Gentiloni warned in Rome that “the state will be particularly severe against whoever thinks of feeding the spiral of violence.”
In Macerata, Interior Minister Marco Minniti said the gunman had been motivated “by racial hatred,” and had “a background of right-wing extremism with clear references to fascism and Nazism.”
“What happened appears to be a completely random armed retaliation raid,” Minniti said, adding that evidence indicated that while the gunman had planned the attack, they had acted alone. “In a democracy, it is not permitted for individuals to seek justice alone, even if in this case, there is nothing that recalls a notion of justice.”
Authorities said the six wounded — five men and one woman — appeared to be random targets in various parts of the city of 43,000 in Italy's central Marche region. Italian news reports indicated that the gunman's trajectory included the area where the Italian murder victim was found and where the prime suspect in their slaying lived.
The identities and nationalities of the shooting victims remained unknown. Hospital officials said late Saturday that one had been treated and released, while the others had either undergone surgery or were facing operations for their injuries. One of them remained in intensive care.
As the violent attack unfolded, police told residents to stay inside and ordered a halt to public transport to limit the casualties. Such violent shootings are rare in Italy, and usually associated with the southern Italian mafia.
A video posted by the il Resto di Carlino newspaper showed the suspect with an Italian flag draped over their shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers in the city center, near where they apparently fled their car on foot. Italian news reports said a registered gun was found inside the car and the suspect did a fascist salute as they were arrested, but no salute was visible in the video.
The tattoo on Traini's forehead was that of the Wolfangel, an ancient runic symbol that according to the Anti-Defamation League was appropriated by Nazi Germany and later adopted by neo-Nazis in Europe and the United States.
Macerata Mayor Romano Carancini confirmed that all six victims were black Africans.
“They were all color, this is obviously a grave fact. As was grave what happened to Pamela. The closeness of the two events makes you imagine there could be a connection,” Carancini said.
Mastropietro's dismembered remains were found Wednesday in two suitcases two days after they walked away from a drug rehab community. A judge on Saturday confirmed the arrest of the main suspect, identified as 29-year-old Innocent Oseghale.
Italy is heading into a general election on March 4 and the head of the rebranded League party, Matteo Salvini, had capitalized on the teen's killing in campaign appearances even before the shooting Saturday.
Salvini is pledging to deport 150,000 migrants in their first year in office if their party wins control of parliament and they are named premier. That has drawn sharp rebukes that Salvini is using the migrant crisis to foment xenophobia for political gain.
Salvini's League, which dropped “northern” from its name in a bid for a national following, has joined a center-right coalition with Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia and Giorgia Meloni's much smaller Brothers of Italy. They are running against Matteo Renzi's much-splintered center-left Democratic Party and the populist 5-Star Movement.
Salvini told reporters Saturday at a campaign stop in Bologna that they would bring security to Italy.
“Whoever shoots is a delinquent, no matter the skin color. It is clear that out-of-control immigration … brings social conflict,” they said.
Senate president Pietro Grasso of the small liberal party Free and Equal chastised Salvini for using the tragedies to gain votes.
“Whoever, like Salvini, exploits news events and tragedies for electoral purposes is among those responsible for the spiral of hatred and violence that we must stop as soon as possible,” Grasso said.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
There's no question that the Snapchat redesign prompted harsh criticism -- when your stock price drops because Kylie Jenner said she'd stopped using your app, you sit up and take notice. Snap may be trying to appease critics by reverting to the old ways. It's not certain that Stories use has dropped as a result of the split, but it wouldn't be surprising. And as Recode observed, there's a chance that Snap would use its unified Stories as a way to pitch professional content. If you have to glance at the latest big-name shows in order to catch your friend's concert snap, you might be more inclined to watch those shows.
The one certainty: this would represent a fundamental shift in philosophy. The Snap spokesperson noted that the test interface revolves around "users' behavior, not just relationships." It's about what you're trying to do, not who you're doing it with -- a simple strategy for a company that has lately been accused of making things unnecessarily complex.
DENVER — The Denver Sheriff's Department mishandled an investigation into the 2015 death of a man restrained by deputies at the jail and must change its disciplinary and investigative process, a law enforcement watchdog agency said in a blistering report Monday that focused new attention on a case that has already resulted in a $4.6 million settlement.
The report made public by Denver's independent police monitor, a civilian oversight agency for Denver's police and sheriff departments, recommends that a civilian be put in charge of the Internal Affairs Bureau of the sheriff's department that investigates allegations of officer misconduct.
It also called on the sheriff's department to make a variety of changes to its policies on staff training, hiring and interaction with medical staff when an inmate's health conflicts with jail security.
The city of Denver reached the settlement with Michael Marshall's family in November that required other changes at the jail, including mental health coverage being provided there 24 hours a day and training for all deputies on mental illness.
Marshall, 50, died nine days after they were restrained in a prone position for several minutes by Denver jail deputies because they said Marshall was aggressive with another inmate and had ignored commands. They choked on their own vomit, lost consciousness and died later at a hospital.
The report includes new detail about how the sheriff's department responded to Marshall's death and levels harsh criticism at the Internal Affairs Bureau, which began its review of the case in 2016 after prosecutors announced that no criminal charges would be filed.
About a month later, the bureau told the independent monitor's office that its investigation was complete, according to the report.
Independent Monitor Nick Mitchell's office objected, arguing that investigators did not interview any of the deputies who restrained Marshall at the jail or the nurses who were called to the area when Marshall became unconscious. The monitor's office also objected in June when investigators again declined to further investigate.
Both attempts to end the inquiry “raised troubling questions about IAB's willingness to conduct a thorough and impartial investigation of this serious case,” the report says. Choosing a civilian to lead the internal affairs division could insulate it from “internal pressures,” it says.
The report also questioned why several sergeants present as deputies restrained Marshall were not disciplined.
As supervisors, they should have stepped in, the report said. Deputy Bret Garegnani, Deputy Carlos Hernandez and Captain James Johnson received brief suspensions that were overturned after the officers appealed.
The report also criticizes the sheriff's department for failing to create a policy for reviewing deaths and other incidents at the jail.
The department “tried to minimize potential issues….instead of seeing it as an opportunity to learn,” the report said. Garegnani was nominated for the department's “Life Saving Award” for performing CPR on Marshall, the report added.
Jess Vigil, Denver's deputy director of its safety department, defended the internal investigation and disciplinary decisions. They said concerns were raised by the watchdog group but that it ultimately found the investigation “thorough and complete.”
Vigil said internal investigators mistakenly relied on results of the criminal investigation into the death initially but did end up conducting their own interviews and research.
The report said nurses told deputies that too much pressure placed on Marshall's neck could cause them to choke after vomiting but deputies refused and said they had to control Marshall.
The monitor's report recommended more training and a supervisor's input during future conflicts between jail medical staff and deputies.
It might seem like an unconventional way of raising money, but shooting an arrow into a target is the perfect combination for an outdoorsman or woman and a community full of people who support law enforcement.
“I feel like it's my responsibility to help out,” said David Dellucci of the David Dellucci Foundation. “Our motto is to protect our protectors.”
The David Dellucci Foundation, in partnership with Capital Area Law Enforcement Foundation and H & E Equipment Services, hosted their 1st annual Bulls Eye and Badges Archery Competition to raise money for law enforcement agencies who have requested help to buy protective gear.
“I feel responsible to protect them and make sure they can return home to their family everyday because they're just like us, they're human beings,” Dellucci said.
Teams of officers and deputies geared up to hit the bullseyes to bring in more money for area agencies.
“This organization has come together and has helped law enforcement agencies in the south tremendously," Chief David McDavid with the Zachary Police Department said.
Dellucci said ballistic vests can cost hundreds and for some agencies still recovering from the August 2016 flood, vests can be hard to come by. Organizers said protective vests can cost as much as $700.
Sheriff Bud Torres with the Point Coupee Sheriff's Office said the need for tactical gear has become paramount, but it's the recurring expense that causes an issue. Vests must be replaced every 5 years.
“When you go to buy heavy body armor that will stop an assault rifle or a large weapon...they're more expensive and it takes additional funds to do it,” explained Sheriff Torres.
Organizers say everyone goes home a winner, every agency that needs help staying safe will benefit.
“It's just such a comforting fact to know that there are people willing to give their time and money to help in times of need,” said Sheriff Sid Gautreaux with the East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office.
Since it was created in 2016, the Capital Area Law Enforcement Foundation has raised roughly $800,000 to support law enforcement in the state and have furnished 35 different agencies with supply requests.
Find out more about The David Dellucci Foundation here and the Capital Area Law Enforcement Agency here.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Walking hand in hand, kisses from cheek to cheek, effusive praise.
The "bromance" between President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron continued to raise eyebrows Tuesday on day two of Macron's state visit.
Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Not shy about expressing their affection for Macron, Trump told reporters in the Oval Office, “We do have a very special relationship,” as they brushed off what Trump called “a little piece of dandruff” off Macron's suit jacket shoulder.
“We have to make them perfect.  They are perfect,” Trump added.
The official day began when the two shared an unreserved double-cheek kiss upon Macron's arrival at the White House Tuesday.
Mark Wilson/Getty Images
After the arrival ceremony, the two men walked side by side into the White House with their hands on each other's backs.
They then walked hand in hand through the colonnade toward the Oval Office.
Kevin Lamarque/Reuters
In a rare comment, Trump agreed with how the news media portrays their relationship with Macron.
“They are always saying what a great relationship we have. It is not fake news,” Trump said.
The president also praised Macron for their leadership.
“He is doing a great job... they will be a great President of France,” they said.
Andrew Harnik/AP
Later, at their joint press conference, the two again locked hands and shared a kiss.
"I like this guy a lot," Trump said.
Unlike the Martian desert in the original Destiny, Helles Basin is an arctic region where players will fight the frozen Hive faction Grasp of Nokris on the way to confront Rasputin, the rogue Warmind. The region will host a new horde-like public event called Escalation Protocol where groups of Guardians face seven waves of Hive capped by a unique boss -- one of five that will rotate every week. The elite foe drops custom gear so folks will have to wait over a month to collect them all; Since players activate the event, at least it won't be random.
PvP is getting two ranked modes, one for casual (Valor) and competitive (Glory), though the latter will move players up and down the rank ladder as they win and lose games. Every season will introduce a new gun exclusive to PvP for players to earn.
Fans already knew that tweaks were coming for their favorite exotic guns, including Sturm/Drang, Graviton Lance, Skyburner's Oath and Rat King, but the stream also showed off changes to Fighting Lion, Riskrunner, Crimson and the infamous Hard Light.
There will be two new strikes, Strange Terrain and Will of the Thousands, and one coming exclusively for PS4 players: The Insight Terminus. The Leviathan raid will get a second lair called Spire of the Stars, which will arrive after Warmind launches. Finally, the prestige version of Curse of Osiris' raid, Eater of Worlds, will arrive when the game's third season starts.
Why Zimbabwe plans to issue sovereign bonds – CNBCAfrica.com
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MURA MASA “Messy Love” (Anchor Point/Downtown/Geffen)
Minimalism goes pop with the producer Mura Masa's airtight, artificial, catchy track full of plinking gongs and looping piano.
WILLOW “Oh No!!!” (MFSTS Music/Roc Nation)
Skeletal but frantic percussion and bass drive this panicky admission of fear of commitment.
IBIBIO SOUND MACHINE “The Chant (Iquo Isang)” (Merge)
Reaffirming and warping their Nigerian heritage with African-tinged electronic funk, Eno Williams sings in Ibibio and English about drawing strength from a remembered traditional chant.
LAURA MARLING “Soothing” (More Alarming/Kobalt)
Two basses plucking in tandem cradle Laura Marling's resolute voice as they turn away an ex who wants a second chance.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
JULIA MICHAELS “Issues” (Republic)
Love equals group therapy for two as Julia Michaels details, and accepts, both them and their guy's worst tendencies over stately strings.
Photo
PROTOMARTYR “My Children” (Domino)
A measured drone accelerates and keeps accelerating toward a wailing psychedelia, as Joe Casey grumbles and barks their thoughts on the plight of the next generation: “Good luck with the mess I left.”
GRIZZLY BEAR “Three Rings” (RCA)
A six-beat rhythm, subdivided multiple ways and supporting an array of melodic fragments and guitar lines, propels this onetime Brooklyn band's song through separations and reconciliations.
DUA LIPA “New Rules” (Warner Bros.)
Dua Lipa sings brash, big-voiced pop with self-empowerment in mind. Over the Caribbean-tinged beat of “New Rules,” they remind themselves not to succumb to old temptations.
TYMINSKI “Southern Gothic” (Mercury Nashville)
Twangy guitar and haunted-house electronics carry a song about Bible Belt hypocrisy.
Photo
SHARON JONES & THE DAP-KINGS “Call on God” (Daptone)
The soul belter Sharon Jones, who died in 2017, never got around to recording a whole album of gospel; there's just this song, fervently insisting on divine generosity.
JOAN SHELLEY “If the Storms Never Came” (No Quarter)
Intertwined acoustic and electric guitars, harking back to Pentangle, carry a serene modal melody and thoughts about how disruption is essential.
CHRIS STAPLETON “Without Your Love” (Mercury Nashville)
Tucked away near the end of Chris Stapleton's “From A Room Vol. 1” is this folky, dramatic plea for a lover's return.
Photo
THE XX “Performance” (Young Turks)
How much of everyday life is a defensive facade? In this drumless, string-backed ballad, Romy Madley Croft hopes their “brave face” will be seen through, but they don't expect that to happen.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
LES AMAZONES D'AFRIQUE “I Play the Kora” (Real World/RFI Talent/3d Family)
A Pan-African women's supergroup sings for African feminism, demanding respect and opportunity, atop deep, strange studio funk.
ED SHEERAN “Shape of You” (Atlantic)
Here's clockwork catchiness: layer upon crisp layer, all staccato rhythm including the vocals.
Photo
FATHER JOHN MISTY “Pure Comedy” (Sub Pop/Bella Union)
The idiom is cabaret piano ballad with electronic reinforcement. Meanwhile, the lyrics see humanity from afar and it's not pretty: biologically predetermined, deeply superstitious and greedily self-destructive.
Jon Caramanica
1. CHRIS JEDAY FEATURING J BALVIN, OZUNA AND ARCÁNGEL “Ahora Dice” (Universal Latin)
Best Latin pop, the best Latin trap, best post-reggaeton, the best posse cut, the best heartbreak anthem, etc.
Photo
2. A BOOGIE WIT DA HOODIE FEATURING KODAK BLACK “Drowning” (Highbridge/Atlantic); DON Q FEATURING A BOOGIE WIT DA HOODIE “Protect Ya Patek” (Highbridge/Atlantic); A BOOGIE WIT DA HOODIE FEATURING FABOLOUS “Wild Thots” (soundcloud.com/a-boogie-wit-da-hoodie)
Depending on the company, A Boogie can be brawny, cheeky, blustery, whatever they want.
3. BRETT YOUNG “In Case You Didn't Know” (Big Machine)
Love as a meditation that's bigger than circumstance.
4. CHARLIE PUTH “Attention” (Atlantic)
Mean, low, greasy, desperate and yet somehow glistening.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
5. SAHBABII FEATURING LOSO LOADED “Pull Up Wit Ah Stick” (Casting Bait/Warner Bros.)
The melodies are intoxicating on this sweet hymnal about casual violence.
6. ASHLEY MCBRYDE “A Little Dive Bar in Dahlonega” (Warner Nashville/Atlantic)
A hearty, expertly written country song about hope after hopelessness.
7. LOUGOTCASH FEATURING REMY BOY MONTY “Pipe Down”; LOUGOTCASH “Make 10” (Gwinin)
Back-to-back slaps from one of hip-hop's most instinctual hook men.
Photo
8. LIL UZI VERT “XO Tour Llif3” (Generation Now/Atlantic)
This is 2017 hip-hop, the Salvador Dalí remix.
9. LIL PEEP FEATURING LIL TRACY “Awful Things”; LIL PEEP “Better Off (Dying)” (Lil Peep/First Access)
R.I.P. (and watch out for imitators).
10. SNOH AALEGRA FEATURING LOGIC “Sometimes” (ARTium)
Revisiting the groove of the mid-1990s, back when hip-hop and R&B were still equal dance partners.
Photo
11. DJ KHALED FEATURING JUSTIN BIEBER, QUAVO, CHANCE THE RAPPER AND LIL WAYNE “I'm the One” (We the Best/Epic)
A song so much like sunshine that it essentially disappeared at the first gust of fall wind.
12. JACOB SARTORIUS FEATURING BLACKBEAR “Hit Me Back” (RCA)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Kids these days already know: technology is here to keep us further apart, not unite us.
13. CARDI B “Bodak Yellow (Money Moves)” (KSR/Atlantic)
Seems silly to keep griping about New York rap when this is here, no?
Photo
14. FRANK OCEAN “Chanel” (Boys Don't Cry)
They sing like he's pleading but there isn't a hint of need underneath.
15. SAM HUNT “Drinkin' Too Much” (MCA Nashville)
The best Sam Hunt song of the year wasn't the one that topped the Billboard country chart for 34 weeks.
16. PRETTYMUCH “Would You Mind” (Syco/Columbia)
The ecstasy of the peak boy-band era is due for a comeback — this has that, and also harmonies, and a sense of history.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Louder Newsletter Every week, stay on top of the latest in pop and jazz with reviews, interviews, podcasts and more from The New York Times music critics. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
17. MATT OX “Overwhelming” (soundcloud.com/matt_ox)
An argument for every precocious preteen to be armed with a professional video crew, a SoundCloud account and a fidget spinner.
18. BAILEY BRYAN “Hard Drive Home” (300/Warner Nashville)
An outstanding country song about heartbreak from a young singer who's already looking past Nashville.
19. NICKY JAM FEATURING WISIN “Si Tú La Ves” (Sony Latin)
Exuberant reggaeton carnival music.
20. THE BLAZE “Territory” (Animal 63)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Birthing music for new planets, new solar systems.
Photo
21. LUIS FONSI AND DADDY YANKEE FEATURING JUSTIN BIEBER “Despacito (remix)” (Universal Latin/RBMG/Def Jam/Republic)
Justin Bieber probably still doesn't know the words, but everyone else does.
22. JESSIE REYEZ “Gatekeeper” (FMLY)
Raw catharsis for anyone who's ever dealt with a Harvey Weinstein, a Charlie Rose, a Louis C.K.
23. MABEL FEATURING KOJO FUNDS “Finders Keepers” (Capitol)
Post-speed garage R&B is back.
Photo
24. SMOKEPURPP “Ski Mask” (Alamo); LIL PUMP “Molly” (Tha Lights Global/Warner Bros.)
Peak punk from the Beavis and Butt-Head of SoundCloud rap.
25. ED SHEERAN “Dive” (Atlantic)
The happiest blues.
The Conservative defence critic is questioning the Trudeau government's decision to send peacekeeping troops to the troubled West African nation of Mali.
A senior government source, speaking on condition of anonymity, confirmed late Friday night that Canada will dispatch an aviation task force to Mali as part of a United Nations peacekeeping mission, in a move defence critic James Bezan said raises more questions than answers.
“Why did it take them so long to make this announcement and is this in Canada's national interest or is this in the Liberals' interest?” Bezan said. “Are they making this announcement because of all the criticism they've received for breaking the promise of deploying 600 troops and 150 police officers on UN missions, when we're at the lowest levels in history?”
The government source said the task force will be in Mali for up to 12 months and an official announcement on the deployment will be made Monday.
Why did it take them so long to make this announcement and is this in Canada's national interest or is this in the Liberals' interest?
In terms of troop numbers, Canada is currently at a historic low for participation in peacekeeping missions. Canada had a total of 43 peacekeepers deployed around the world at the end of December, the most recent UN numbers indicate, down from 62 in November.
The decline, largely the result of a reduction in the number of Canadian police officers deployed to Haiti, means Canada has fewer peacekeepers in the field than at any point since the 1950s.
Bezan said the Conservatives want to see Canada involved in more peacekeeping, including in Ukraine. But they said it must be in the national interest and in some cases, it may be preferable to fight under Canadian instead of UN command.
“We know that this is incredibly dangerous,” Bezan said. “We support our troops and know they are completely capable of doing it. But we are hesitant about putting our troops in harms way under UN command.”
They said peacekeeping decisions should not be made based on nostalgia about blue helmets.
“There is concern about how we are going to keep the peace when we have insurgencies, terrorism, failed states and multiple different missions going at the same time and no answers of how this is in Canada's national interest,” they said.
Mali has been in turmoil since a 2012 uprising prompted soldiers to overthrow the country's president. The power vacuum that was created led to an Islamic insurgency and a French-led war that ousted the jihadists from power in 2013.
However, insurgents remain active and the UN has seen its multinational peacekeeping force in the region suffer more than 150 fatalities since its mission began in 2013.
Francois Audet, who studies Canadian humanitarian policy and international relations at the Universite de Montreal, said there are four million people in need of aid in the country, many of whom are inaccessible to civilian aid workers because it's too dangerous.
The role of peacekeeping operations is to develop secure zones to permit civilians to reach those populations, they said.
Audet said the country has been made more dangerous in recent years with the arrival of armed factions in the months and years after the toppling of the Libyan regime in 2011.
“It's a dangerous country for civilians and especially for western interests,” Audet said in a French-language interview. “So if you're a development or aid organization, your access outside of the big cities like Bamako is extremely difficult, if not impossible.”
They said Canada's entry into the conflict is “very late.”
“It's not too late, but it's very late,” Audet said. “And since (the Liberals took power), our allies have exhausted themselves, so we need a system of change where each country needs to take their part of the responsibilities.”
In November, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau made pledged during a peacekeeping summit in Vancouver to offer six helicopters and two transport aircraft, plus their associated pilots and support personnel, as well as a 200-strong quick reaction force to the UN.
— With files from Nicole Thompson
Transcript for No, really, Fred Armisen's 'Popcorn' song is adorable
What we can do this on while Olympic ready progress on you. This is a sign that we actually rehearsed. And that we now together that we learn and we read it for you guys. And it's called it actually called popcorn it's really great. He. Are we doing this to happen I'd I'm gonna remember it soon comp time CFP.  They are for people and Ali S&P. As far as them on our people and see they are bored child me and Abu 00. As far. L. And our is for the railroads we love so much and and is no no no. Thank you very much.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Kurt Vile hasn't released a proper solo album since 2015's idiosyncratically punctuated and truly awesome b'lieve i'm goin down, but they did team up with Courtney Barnett for last year's Lotta Sea Lice. This year Barnett is following that fun, low-stakes collaboration with their own new LP called Tell Me How You Really Feel, and from the looks of it Vile has a new one of their own in the pipeline.
Matador Records, Vile's longtime label, posted a photo of some custom political yard signs to its various social media accounts this morning. The signs tout the Vile '18 campaign — a tried-and-true promotional tactic for new albums in big election years.
Ween's Michael Melchiondo (aka Dean Ween) has been teasing a collaborative album with Vile for some time — you may recall that Vile was present for a Dean Ween/Father John Misty jam session at Bonnaroo a couple years back — but given that the Matador promo team did not go for the obvious Vile/Ween '18 gimmicks, I'm guessing this one is a solo joint.
See the yard signs for yourself below. IMO they really whiffed on an opportunity to use the slogan “A change you can b'lieve in.”
A post shared by Matador Records (@matadorrecords) on Apr 23, 2018 at 7:49am PDT
This article originally appeared in Stereogum.
Style Match lets you scan items in your surroundings to find other objects with a similar aesthetic, while Smart Text Selection detects words in your viewfinder and can translate or explain them for you. You can also copy and paste text from things like book covers or notices around you, which is pretty neat.
You may have already started seeing some of these new tools on your phone, by the way. Google said it "conducted a controlled roll out for these Lens updates," starting with a smaller percentage and expanding to 100% of users over several days. Now, all compatible devices should have them.
These features will also be "coming soon" to Google Photos, the company said. This means that those of us who use Photos will soon be able to copy and paste text from our stored images into our phones, or find items with a similar style to objects in pictures we've taken. Basically, it's the same Lens features except instead of using a camera, Google will analyze shots you've already snapped.
As announced at I/O, Lens will be built into the native camera apps of phones like the LG G7. Now, you'll also find it in the cameras of compatible devices from brands like Pixel, LG, Motorola, Xiaomi, Sony Mobile, Nokia, Transsion, TCL, OnePlus, BQ and ASUS. If you still prefer having a separate Lens app for some reason, or if your phone isn't by one of these companies, you can download it from the Play store soon.
The BullShooter Tour is moving its way across the country, bringing out the best darters around. From Nov. 3-5, competitors in South Carolina converged on Myrtle Beach's Ocean Dunes Sands Resort for a Legacy Coin-sponsored regional tournament. Camilla Bunnell made a name for herself, winning Women's Singles, plus taking the trophies for Women's Doubles and Women's Doubles Combo with teammate Candi Ellis. Jeff Ruby took home first place in Men's Singles Cricket, as well as winning Pro/Am Cricket with partner Joe Giordano.
The following weekend brought BullShooter to Grand Island, N.Y.'s Radisson Hotel Niagara Falls. The event was co-sponsored by Betson Advance Dist. Trish Grzesik swept the tourney clean with wins in every event they played in. Grzesik teamed up with Michelle Septak to win Women's Doubles 301 and Combo, then took the Mixed Triples trophy with Steve Warnok and Tyler Rettie. Grzesik and Warnok also played Mixed Cricket for another win, with their fifth coming from the Women's Singles event. Rettie and Warnok also teamed up for Pro Men's Doubles 501 and Pro/Am Cricket, while Rettie went on to win Men's Singles Cricket as well. Ryan Peach won the prestigious Pro Cricket Singles event.
All players who won money received a BullShooter Qualifying Card for the event's finals next May 24-28, 2018. A whopping $140,000 is on the line at the five-day event.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
A simple search on Musical.ly can pull up dangerous content that kids could be exposed to. (Source: KAUZ)
A popular smartphone app is sparking concern after parents learned a simple search can pull up inappropriate content that kids could be exposed to.
Musical.ly lets you show off your unique talents by lip syncing to your favorite song. However, just like any other app it also has its dark side.
A simple search on the app like #hot, #sxy or even #skinny can pull up some videos that some would find disturbing.
"They can sit there and press one button and not even mean to and then they're exposed to stuff they've never seen before," Shelby Martinez, a mother of two said.
They add its examples like these that remind them how dangerous a phone can be.
"It's everywhere," Martinez said. "Facebook, Twitter, Instagram."
In a statement to Newschannel 6, the Teen Emergency Shelter program director, Lisa Dresbach Choate, said even though monitoring your child's phone privileges may be different for each family, it's important to establish rules before the phone is ever purchased.
For example, sharing login information to accounts and apps.
The Wichita Falls Police Department is also stressing the importance of parents being active in the lives of their children.
"People aren't always what they appear to be online," WFPD Officer Timothy Johnson said. "Online you can be whoever you want to be and just because they say they're a 13-year-old boy or girl you could be speaking with an adult for all you know."
Newschannel 6 reached to Musical.ly about this situation but have yet to hear back from them. If your kids come across inappropriate content you can report it online.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma. All Rights Reserved.
Getty Image
After President Trump “both sides”-ed the hatred and violence seen in Charlottesville over the weekend, they were castigated by many, included fellow Republicans, for not condemning white supremacists specifically — which was roundly praised by, you guessed it, white supremacists. President Trump finally read from a teleprompter Monday to denounce hate groups, “including KKK, Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists” while calling racism “evil,” but it might be a case of too-little, too-late as their Gallup poll approval ratings fell to 34%, the lowest they've been during their seven month presidency.
According to Gallup's own analysis, President Trump's approval rating was already hovering near 34% on Friday after a week of bluster about North Korea during their planned 17-day vacation at their golf resort in Bedminster, New Jersey, but the number dropped further after the violence in Charlottesville that left one woman dead and countless injured. Moreover, Gallup reports that President Trump's approval among Republicans is at the lowest its been since taking office, as well, and was at 77% for the period between Friday and Sunday.
Trump's approval rating is the lowest for a newly elected president at this point in their first term, but other presidents like both Harry Truman, Jimmy Carter, both Bushes, and Richard Nixon all fell below 34% at one point. Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama, never did.
(Via Gallup)
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is calling for the Missouri Veterans Commission – which they have reconfigured with 5 new members – to meet this week and fire the panel's executive director and the head of a state veterans home in north St. Louis County.
At a news conference Monday outside the facility, Greitens said they also are ordering an examination of all state veterans homes in the wake of an independent study by an private healthcare firm that determined a “substandard quality of care'' at the 300-bed St. Louis Veterans Home in Bellefontaine Neighbors.
Greitens said they want the Veterans Commission to fire that home's administrator, Rolando Carter, as well as commission executive director Larry Kay. The governor said they have no recommended permanent replacements, but has plans for interim officials in those posts.
Among other things, the probe by Harmony Healthcare International cited cases where patients weren't given their medications on time and suffered bed sores because personnel failed to give them appropriate personal care.
“Some of these soldiers were left unattended and unwashed,'' the governor said.
A retired Navy SEAL, Greitens blasted the federal Veterans Administration and the state commission for failing to turn up the problems in their earlier investigations, which were launched in response to families' complaints.
“The VA told us the complaints were baseless,'' the governor said, observing that they had been wary of their assessment because “I've seen the VA fail too many families and fail to care for too many veterans.”
Greitens' staff said their administration paid between $55,000 and $60,000 for the one-month study this fall by Harmony Healthcare. That inquiry took place in November.
Greitens' actions come about a week after Lt. Gov. Mike Parson went public with similar concerns. State Senate Minority Leader Gina Walsh, whose north St. Louis County district includes the home, also supports a leadership change.
The governor praised former state Rep. Rick Stream, now St. Louis County's Republican elections director, for first highlighting concerns of veterans' families this summer.
The veterans home ignited a rare public display of hostility a few weeks ago when Greitens sent a scathing letter to the Missouri's two U.S. senators – fellow Republican Roy Blunt and Democrat Claire McCaskill – over their joint letter asking for a state investigation into allegations of patient mistreatment.
Greitens replied at the time that a state investigation, presumably by Harmony Healthcare, was already underway. And they accused the two senators of failing to take earlier action to protect veterans needing care.
New Veterans Commission members
The governor appoints five of the nine members of the Missouri Veterans Commission. All require confirmation by the state Senate.
Greitens' new nominees will serve until the Senate reconvenes in January, and replace five who earlier had been named by former Gov. Jay Nixon. The terms of all five commissioners had expired, so they could be replaced at any time.
Greitens noted that their nominees are all veterans, and include two physicians. They are:
Dr. John Buckner, a general surgeon at the Ferrell-Duncan Clinic at CoxHealth in Springfield.  They are a retired colonel;
Dr. José Dominguez, who also a surgeon at the Ferrell-Duncan Clinic.  They are a retired lieutenant colonel;
Meredith Knopp, who is the senior Vice President of Programs and Operations at The Mission Continues, a nonprofit founded by Greitens.  They are a retired Army captain and a cofounder of HEROES Care, a non-profit that provides support for veterans and their families.
Tim Noonan, founding board member of the Friends of Soldiers Memorial, and the founder and chief executive at NICE Holdings. He's a retired Marine and formerly the Vice President of Training Systems and Government Services in The Boeing Company's Defense, Space, and Security division.
Tim Smith, the owner and founder of Patriot Commercial Cleaning. He's a retired Army sergeant and has been recognized as the Veteran Business Owner of the Year in Missouri and has hired over forty veteran employees.
Follow Jo on Twitter: @jmannies
(Courtesy photo) Forsan Elementary School was treated to a program and given safety kits with coloring and activity books, book bags, safety rule magnets and hard hats. The students learned how to stay safe and when to call 911. They also learned that if a power line has fallen on a car, to stay inside it and immediately call 911, and to always call a professional to trim trees that are close to a power lines. When lightning is flashing, bring in all of your electrical toys. The instructors took Coach Barbee's hat and burned it to show how different materials burned.
See Tuesday's edition of the Herald.
China's Hainan Airlines plans to open at least 40 international services from Hainan by the end of 2022 as China implements a new national policy for building Hainan as a free trade port.
Earlier in April, Beijing announced a new policy granting a 30-day visa-free visit to Hainan for citizens from 59 countries, effective May 1.
Hainan Province governor Shen Xiaoming has also vowed to expand the number of international services from Hainan to at least 100 in the next two or three years.
Over the past two years, the Haikou-based carrier has launched 10 international and regional (Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) services from Hainan.
“In 2017, Hainan Airlines carried nearly 20 million passengers in Hainan on 125,000 domestic and international flights, of which passenger boardings reached more than 600,000 on international and regional routes,” the carrier's chairperson Bao Qifa has previously stated.
Hainan Airlines currently operates 53 services from Hainan to 40 international destinations, which the carrier plans to increase in three phases over the next five years.
Plans include:
1. Increasing the number of international services originating in Hainan to 58;
2. Growing the number of international services from Hainan to 100; and
3. Attracting 2 million inbound passengers to Hainan.
Hainan Airlines parent HNA Group is also committed to building Haikou Meilan International Airport as a gateway to Japan, Korea and Southeast Asia, a major inbound passenger traffic channel connecting with Europe, America and Australia and a south sea hub on Maritime Silk Road.
HNA Group is also taking an active part in the construction of Sanya Phoenix International Airport, which aims to handle 38 million passengers by 2025 and 70 million by 2045.
Currently, international traffic supplied by Hainan Airlines only accounts for 4% of Sanya's passenger throughput. This year, the carrier plans to launch 10 new services from Sanya to Southeast Asian destinations.
HNA Group owns three airports—Haikou Meilan Airport, Sanya Phoenix and Qionghai Bo'ao Airport in Hainan.
GO ANYWHERE! Shreveport Louisiana (2/13/17): SkyRunner, LLC manufacturer of the SkyRunner vehicle is elevating the off-road industry to new heights. The dual purpose, FAA approved off-road aircraft
Condom use requires a complicated, six-step process, sexual intimacy often leads to suicide and HIV can be transmitted through mutual masturbation.
These are among the fallacies being taught as part of sex education in Texas public schools — when sex education is taught at all, according to a new report from the Texas Freedom Network (TFN), a progressive statewide group.
The report, titled “Conspiracy of Silence,” found that despite some improvement over the last eight years, more than 83 percent of Texas districts currently provide either abstinence-only sex education — free of accurate information about contraception — or no sex education whatsoever.
Meanwhile, Texas has one of the nation's highest teen birth rates, above-average rates of sexual risk-taking among youth, rising rates of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) in some areas and the highest infant mortality rate in the developed world.
“When it comes to sex education, Texas is failing our students and their families,” TFN President Kathy Miller said during a Tuesday news conference at the Capitol, where the group passed out candy and condoms on Valentine's Day.
Miller said Texas has become “a poster child” for the failed policy of abstinence-only education, calling state lawmakers' unwillingness to address the issue “ridiculous” and “wrong.”
“We hope that this session, with new information documenting what's actually happening in our schools, we're providing evidence that the Legislature should no longer bury its head in the sand,” they said, blaming “extremists on the far right” for amplifying people's natural discomfort with the topic.
John Wright
State Representative Mary Gonzalez, D-Clint, is the author of House Bill 1547, which would require sex education classes in Texas to include medically accurate information about contraception. Although similar bills have failed to gain traction in the past, Gonzalez hopes to win support for the measure among conservative Republicans by stressing that it would reduce the number of abortions in the state.
“We say we don't want abortion, but we're also not providing sex education that would actually limit teen pregnancy,” Gonzalez said during Tuesday's news conference. “We can use that as the beginning of a conversation.”
Despite the Legislature's failure to act, TFN's report found that an increasing number of Texas school districts are providing “abstinence-plus” sex education, which includes medically accurate information about contraception. In the 2015-16 school year, 16.65 percent of districts used abstinence-plus materials, up from just 3.6 percent 2009, when TFN conducted its last major study.
However, the number of districts that fail to provide any sex education also increased dramatically, from 2.3 percent in 2009 to 25.1 percent last year. According to TFN, this increase was largely due to the Legislature's decision in 2009 to drop health classes — where sex education has traditionally been taught — as a high school graduation requirement.
David Wiley, a health education professor at Texas State University and author of the TFN report, said many districts also misinterpret a 1994 Texas law saying sex education must stress abstinence, overlooking the fact that it allows them to include information about birth control and the spread of STDs.
Wiley pointed to a “cottage industry” of groups that contract with districts to provide abstinence-only education in Texas. Many of them are so-called crisis pregnancy centers with anti-abortion agendas, according to TFN's report.
When sex education does include condoms and other forms of contraception, they're often erroneously characterized as ineffective and high-risk, the report states. Some districts employ shame and fear-based tactics, describing students who are sexually active as impure and uncaring about their futures.
The report also found that sex education in Texas frequently reinforces gender stereotypes and provides dangerous misinformation about sexual assault that can lead to victim-blaming. And districts almost never include information about abortion or LGBT issues.
“We're creating generation after generation of sexually illiterate adults,” Wiley said.
When I lived in Calgary, the words “social license” dominated conversations about fossil fuels development. In other words, what combination of deeds and words from the oil and gas industries would persuade society to allow them to expand as much as they wanted? Now one of the questions being debated is whether oil and gas should be allowed to expand at all.
Of course, plenty of Canadians and Americans favor oil and gas production. A poll conducted by the research firm Abacus Data for the Ecofiscal Commission, an independent group seeking to align Canada's economic and environmental aspirations, found that 60 percent of Canadians wanted to develop their fossil fuel resources while transitioning “to a lower carbon future.” Today's pipeline difficulties do not spell the end of fossil fuels in Canada, but they do suggest their growth may be constrained. It is hard to imagine that the oil and gas industries will ever receive the broad societal approval — social license — that they had in the 1950s when the original Trans Mountain pipeline was built.
Traditional considerations like jobs and royalties now compete with the fear of oil spills, pollution and of course, climate change. There is no more telling example of the impact of these environmental concerns than Kinder Morgan selling its prized Trans Mountain pipeline.
Political and societal risks are on the rise for fossil fuel companies in Canada, the United States and Europe. These risks are rooted in opposition from environmental and indigenous groups, communities suing over the costs of climate change, and some local and regional governments, even as the Trump administration advances a fossil fuel agenda.
Some companies, like Total and BP, are responding by adding more clean energy to their portfolios or by acquiring clean-energy start-ups. They will look for ways to embrace the transition to a cleaner energy future, figuring that they'll do well as long as they keep supplying energy that the world needs, no matter what form it takes.
Some major banks have announced they will curtail financing of carbon-intensive projects like coal mines or developing the oil sands region. The latest to do so was the Royal Bank of Scotland, which announced its decision the same day that the Canadian government said it would nationalize the Trans Mountain pipeline.
Companies that focus exclusively on high carbon energy production increasingly will find themselves on the wrong side of a shifting society. Their social license is being withdrawn. This will not happen overnight, but there is no doubt it is happening.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Nearly 180 people in the United States die each day of opioid overdoses.
As the death toll continues to climb, some communities are searching for creative ways to battle addiction. Ohio has even put out a call for ideas.
Kelly Cashion has seen the devastation caused by opioids in their own backyard. Now, the University of Dayton researcher is using technology to do something about it.
They and their team are developing a neuro-feedback program that examines brain activity to help people recovering from addition.
“You monitor brain activity, and then you show the user – or the patient – what's happening in a specific portion of their brain and ask them to either amplify that activity or regulate that activity,” they explained.
Innovative solutions like Cashion's were exactly what Ohio was looking for when they put out the call for ideas to battle the opioid epidemic.
“We think that a great idea can come from anywhere and we wanted to be able to put together a process and an opportunity for people to be able to bring their solutions to us to be evaluated,” David Goodman, director of Ohio Development Services Agency, said.
Hundreds of ideas poured in from average citizens, scientists and health care providers around the world. Top solutions range from an addiction assessment app that would identify patients who are at high risk for opioid abuse, to an augmented reality system that helps patients rehab from an injury without pain medication.
Others include a mindfulness-based smoking cessation therapy that's adapted for opioid addition and a virtual reality program to prevent addiction in teens and young adults.
They all share the goal of growing these ideas to help the addicts, families and communities affected by opioid abuse.
“I think there's every reason to be optimistic that we're going to be turning this around over the next several years,” said Dr. Mark Hurst, medical director of Ohio Mental Health & Addiction Services.
“It's affecting people's lives – real people's lives – families, children, parents,” Goodman added.
The next phase of the opioid technology challenge will be to find business and investment partners to help push out the ideas nationally — and not just one idea, because it will take different approaches to help different people.
Obaseki charts security in Edo with Nigerian Air force
The government of Edo has revealed that the new security arrangements being put in place in the state would go a long way to address the current security challenges in Nigeria, especially the sub region.
Edo State Governor, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, disclosed this on Wednesday at the Edo State Government House in Benin City while hosting the newly appointed Commander of 107 Air Maritime Group of the Nigerian Air force, Air Commodore E.O Shobande.
Receiving the team, the governor congratulated the commander on their appointment and thanked the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadiq Abubakar for sending an aircraft to transport the remains of two-time Governor of the Old Midwest and Bendel States, Brigadier Samuel Osaigbovo Ogbemudia from Lagos to Benin.
While urging the officer to see their appointment as a homecoming, they noted that Edo state would take advantage of the uniqueness of the security facilities of the force to combat crimes and to ensure Edo was a crime-free state.
They also assured of the state government's unflinching support to work closely with the Command and other security agencies like the Director of State Security Services (SSS) to see that all security challenges were nipped in the bud.
Meanwhile, Commander Emmanuel Shobande thanked the governor for the warm reception, adding that their appointment would further spur them to work with the government of Edo State in the area of addressing security issues.
Shobande said they were already familiar with the terrain of the state, stressing that they had erstwhile been posted to serve in the command as an officer between 2014 and 2018.
IMG_4795: Governor Obaseki (right) with Air Commodore E.O Shobande at the Edo State Government House in Benin City
IMG_4716: Bishop Peter Imasuen (9th left), Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State, Secretary to Edo State Government Osarodion Ogie, Edo State Governor Chief of Staff Taiwo Akerele with priests of the Anglican Communion at the Edo State Government House in Benin City
IMG_4722: Bishop Peter Imasuen (left) with Governor Obaseki at the Edo State Government House in Benin City during a courtesy visit on Tuesday
The post Obaseki charts security in Edo with Nigerian Air force appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
I have found real happiness – Ahmed Musa ( Read full story )
Super Eagles winger Ahmed Musa says they have found happiness once again after marrying a second wife. Musa, 24, divorced their wife of four years and mother of their two kids, Jamila, before marrying a new wife in Juliet Adeh last month. Musa said that they are once again happy as a married man. “Marriage …
The post I have found real happiness – Ahmed Musa ( Read full story ) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Mandalay Bay hotel room service receipt from four days before Stephen Paddock's murderous rampage has reportedly been unearthed.
Read: Feds Grill Vegas Gunman's Girlfriend as Witnesses Describe Him as a Bully Who Berated Them in Public
The receipt was posted to Facebook by someone who claims to work at the hotel. The receipt is dated Sept. 27 and features Paddock's name and order.
They ordered an Angus double burger with provolone, a bagel and cream cheese, potato soup, San Pellegrino mineral water and two Pepsi drinks. The total cost was $94.33.
Read: Mom of 4, Husband Who Shielded Wife Among 59 Confirmed Dead in Las Vegas Massacre
The receipt says it's for two guests. It's unknown whether that's a mistake or, more ominously, if the gunman had a mystery guest in their suite.
Another hole in the receipt's authenticity is the belief by authorities that Paddock checked into their room on Sept. 28, the day after date that appears on the receipt.
Neither the hotel nor police has commented on the receipt.
Watch: Will Las Vegas Massacre Change Hotel Security Procedures?
Related Articles:
Los Angeles Kings center Alex Iafallo (19), left winger Adrian Kempe (9), defenseman Kevin Gravel (53) and defenseman Paul LaDue (38) wear Los Angeles Dodgers jerseys for Dodger Night during warmups for the team's NHL hockey game against the Arizona Coyotes in Los Angeles on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. The jerseys are to be auctioned for charity. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon)
The puck rolls away as Arizona Coyotes center Clayton Keller (9), Los Angeles Kings defenseman Kevin Gravel (53) and others scrum during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Los Angeles Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon)
Arizona Coyotes right winger Josh Archibald (45) reaches for the puck ahead of Los Angeles Kings defenseman Christian Folin (5) during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Los Angeles Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon)
Arizona Coyotes center Christian Dvorak (18) and Los Angeles Kings defenseman Christian Folin (5) and goalie Darcy Kuemper (35) scramble in front of the goal during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Los Angeles on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon)
Arizona Coyotes left winger Brendan Perlini, right, and Los Angeles Kings center Anze Kopitar (11) vie for the puck during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Los Angeles on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon)
Arizona Coyotes defenseman Luke Schenn (2) and Los Angeles Kings left winger Kyle Clifford (13) reach for the puck during the second period of an NHL hockey game in Los Angeles on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon)
Los Angeles Kings center Alex Iafallo (19) clears the puck from the corner during the second period of the team's NHL hockey game against the Arizona Coyotes in Los Angeles on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon)
Los Angeles Kings right winger Dustin Brown celebrates a goal by Jake Muzzin against Arizona Coyotes goalie Scott Wedgewood during the second period of an NHL hockey game in Los Angeles Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon)
LOS ANGELES — Playoff contenders sometimes overlook teams that are going nowhere. But the up-and-down Kings might be the last team that should do that.
Coach John Stevens certainly doesn't sell short the Arizona Coyotes, who came to town Saturday with a league-low 33 points.
“They've given teams a lot of trouble,” Stevens said Friday, as they spoke about preparing for the Coyotes. “Even when they lose, they seem like they have opportunities to win.”
Not on this night. The Kings scored once in the first period, three times in the second and twice in the third on their way to a 6-0 victory over the Coyotes before a sellout of 18,230 at Staples Center.
The Kings (28-19-5, 61 points) have won four of six since losing six consecutive games. Arizona (12-31-9) has lost three in a row.
The Kings also got another fine performance from backup goalie Darcy Kuemper, who notched their second consecutive shutout.
Alex Iafallo scored their fifth goal of the season in the first period and Trevor Lewis, Adrian Kempe and Jake Muzzin scored their 13th, 15th and sixth of the season, respectively, in the second. Anze Kopitar scored No. 20 and Dustin Brown their 16th in the third. Kuemper stopped 27 shots.
The Kings were coming off a 5-0 loss Thursday at Nashville. The last time they lost in such lopsided fashion was Jan. 23, when they fell 6-2 at Vancouver. The Kings responded with wins at Calgary and Dallas ahead of the loss at Nashville.
“Yeah, when things kind of go south for us, like last game, guys are eager to get back out there and right the ship,” Kuemper said. “We look at our mistakes and what was causing problems. And everyone's buying into changing those.
“And I think that's why we've had such good bounce-back games lately.”
Iafallo also assisted on Kopitar's goal, giving them two points on the night. He, too, liked what they saw.
“Yeah, huge team win,” Iafallo said. “We talked about it last couple of days, just playing in all zones and making sure we're coming up together and staying strong on the forecheck, working on getting sticks and getting pucks deep.”
Stevens was happy about a lot of things, particularly about the way their team rebounded from such a loss at Nashville.
“For sure,” they said. “We haven't taken care of business at home this year coming off a bad loss on the road. I think it was really important that we bounce back today and played the game the right way.
“Arizona, they come at your hard, they've got a talented team and you have to be ready to play, so it certainly was the response we were hoping for from the group.”
Muzzin had three points for the Kings with Kempe, Brown and Kopitar also getting two apiece.
Tanner Pearson had no points, but was heavily involved in the action in different ways. They went down hard after a mid-ice collision with teammate Drew Doughty in the first period. Pearson got up, but went right back down again. At that point, another teammate, Kopitar, took hold of Pearson's stick and dragged them off the ice. It appeared Pearson broke a skate.
Then, not long after Kopitar scored the Kings' fifth goal, Pearson threw down with Arizona's Max Domi.
The Coyotes appeared to have broken the shutout early in the third period when Niklas Hjalmarsson rifled one past Kuemper. But the Kings had the play reviewed because they thought Arizona was off-side. It was, and the goal was disallowed.
LOS ANGELES, United States — A gunman killed three people and wounded two at a San Francisco warehouse facility operated by UPS before turning the gun on himself, authorities said Wednesday.
The gunman, who has not been identified, was wearing a uniform of the global parcel delivery service and shot themselves in the head as police confronted him, San Francisco acting police chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
Chaplin said the incident did not appear to terrorism-related.
ADVERTISEMENT
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaunt told local media that the shooter — apparently a disgruntled employee — burst into a room where workers were gathering for a morning meeting before heading out to make deliveries and opened fire.
The sprawling facility employs 350 people, UPS said in a statement.
“UPS confirms there was a shooting incident involving six employees within the company's facility in San Francisco earlier this morning,” the statement said. “We understand that there are four deaths, although some individuals were transported to the hospital and we are unsure of their status at this time.”
Police ordered residents and employees in the city's Portero Hill neighborhood and surrounding areas to shelter in place as they responded to the shooting.
Witnesses reported hearing multiple gunshots at the facility, which handles packages for delivery in the San Francisco area.
One woman whose husband was in the facility was quoted by local media as saying that the gunman shot their victims execution-style. CBB
A Pen Argyl woman is in Northampton County Prison, accused of committing 'numerous' hit-and-runs while driving drunk and high earlier this year.
The crashes occurred the evening of March 28 in Allen Township, but Desiree Dech wasn't arraigned in their case until Wednesday morning.
The 56-year-old Dech, of the 500 block of Sandt Road, is facing numerous charges, including DUI, accidents involving injury, and failure to stop and give information/aid.
MORE: Man ranting in Route 248 traffic Tasered, police say
Dech was sent to Northampton County Prison in lieu of $15,000 bail.
Troopers were called about 5:40 p.m. March 28 for a crash involving a black Honda in the first block of Nor Bath Boulevard in Allen Township.
On the way to the scene, troopers were told the Honda was involved in "numerous" hit-and-run crashes, and was heading south on Weaversville Road.
The trooper pulled over at Weaversville and Colonial roads, when a black Honda Accord with heavy front-end damage came driving down the middle of the road, state police said.
Troopers pulled the car over, and opened the driver's side door, where they found Dech and smelled the strong odor of alcohol. Dech was bleeding from their mouth and lips, and had trouble standing, according to troopers.
State police tried to talk to Dech as they were sitting on the ground, but troopers said they would become disoriented when they lifted their head and would lay down on the ground.
Dech was taken to Lehigh Valley Hospital-Muhlenberg for treatment. State police said they later learned they had a 0.23 blood-alcohol content and was under the influence of opiates at the time.
One victim told troopers they were driving north on Savage Road when a black Honda Accord started driving right at them The woman was unable to avoid a crash, and the vehicles collided head-on, state police said.
The Honda then fled south on Savage Road.
A second victim said they were driving north on Weaversville Road when they saw a Honda Accord swinging in and out of its lane. This driver tried to avoid being hit, but was sideswiped by the Honda, state police said.
The driver turned around and began following the Honda, calling 911 and giving the dispatcher information, troopers said.
A third driver saw the Honda swerving on Weaversville Road, and followed it while dialing 911, state police said.
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Find Vaquera Style at Round Top Triangle in spring 2018.
Vaquera, an on-the-road and on-line seller of Mex-Eclectic, western-tinged, cool jewelry, accessories, home goods and kitschy fashions, once again is setting up shop on the Round Top Triangle from March 25 – April 7.
“At Vaquera, we take being original very seriously,” said Lindsay Cranek, owner and taste-maker behind the growing lifestyle brand that emphasizes hand-crafted elements. “In fact, my favorite compliment comes from shoppers who tell me ‘Y'all have different stuff!' We work for that.”
To showcase the best of the cool stuff, Vaquera is hosting two be-there-or-be-square” events: a trunk show slated for March 29–30 and Raucous at Round Top Triangle, a party showcasing the vendors who set up on the Triangle in the heart of Round Top, beginning at dusk on March 29.
In addition to Vaquera's funky mix of goods that includes Native American jewelry, South American textiles and Mexican embroidered fabrics, the trunk show will feature Love Tokens hand-crafted jewelry and handmade hats by Claire West Designs.
“I started selling Native American jewelry with purchases from a honeymoon trip to Santa Fe in 2002,” Cranek said. “Over time it's just morphed into a lifestyle brand.”
The Triangle, located across the street from Round Top State Bank, is also home to Farmhouse Café, so food will be readily available.
“Don't forget libations,” Cranek said. “No trunk show is complete without libations!”
Parking is generally available on the street behind the Triangle or in the Merry Christmas Store parking lot, which neighbors the bank at 303 No. Washington St.
Raucous at the Round Top Triangle will start at dusk on the Trunk Show's first day. In addition to Vaquera and Farmhouse Café, Rodeo Gypsy and Poorhouse Ranch, as well as other Triangle vendors, are participating in the fun.
“My shows tend toward the western crowd, but I love the eclectic crowd that shops Round Top,” Cranek, who has been a Round Top regular for the past three years, said. “This place is unique because everyone—families, friend groups—is here for a fun, relaxing time where shopping is the focus, not an afterthought.”
Vaquera Style's best advice for doing the Round Top Antiques Show?
“Don't get overwhelmed and just do what you can!” Cranek said. “Of course, you may want to grab a show guide and get a little organized. I always have a list of my top priorities so I am sure to get those accomplished, then the rest is chill! There is plenty to see whether you have a day or 7…just enjoy the time!”
Need more info about the Spring 2018 Round Top Antiques Show? Click here.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Darjeeling: Darjeeling police has set the stage to host the most prized talent contest with the police announcing prize money of Rs 22.44 lakhs for a singing and dance competition.
The amount announced for the winners of the Darjeeling Rising Star-Pahari Pratibha Ko Khoj makes it the biggest contest in terms of monetary awards in the region's history.
Siddharth Dorji, deputy superintendent of police, (Darjeeling town) said: “We have decided to increase the prize money of the competition and the total amount for the winners of the competition will be Rs 22.44 lakhs.”
There are two categories, one for competitors of the age-group of 10-17 and the other for 18-32 years in both the singing and dance competition of Darjeeling Rising Star.
Earlier the amount for the winners of the senior category had been fixed to Rs 1.01 lakh while the first and second runners-up were to get Rs 51,000 and 31,000, respectively. “The amount has been increased to Rs 2.5 lakhs, Rs 2 lakhs and 1.5 lakhs for three top position in the senior category,” said Dorji.
The winner in the junior categories were to get Rs 51,000, while the second and third participants will get Rs 31,000 and 11,000. “In the junior categories the top three will get Rs 1.5 lakh, Rs 1 lakh and Rs 50,000,” said Dorji. The seven other finalists will get Rs 10,000 to Rs70,000.
[Via: The Telegraph]
42 total views, 1 views today
Comments
comments
Feliciano's performance came before Game 5, Oct. 7 in Detroit, which the year before had been the site of race riots that killed dozens.
Feliciano, then 23, was suggested for the anthem by Ernie Harwell, the broadcaster who was a pop songwriter himself. Feliciano had a hit that year with “Light My Fire,” a reinterpretation of the Doors song.
But taking liberties with Jim Morrison is one thing. Taking liberties with Francis Scott Key proved more contentious.
Feliciano went on the field with their guide dog and an acoustic guitar. They were quite free with the song's melody, giving it a slower folk tempo and adding extra syllables and different stresses. The result was an anthem that to today's ears is mellow and expressive.
Many ears in 1968 heard it differently.
Boos were heard from the stands, but the real blowup came afterward.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It was a disgrace, an insult,” a baseball fan, Arlene Raicevich of Detroit, told The Associated Press. “I'm going to write my senator about it.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“It sounded like a hippie was singing it,” said another Detroiter, Bernie Gray.
The players at the game were divided on the performance. “I don't think it was the proper place for that kind of treatment,” Roger Maris of the Cardinals told The Boston Globe. “Maybe I'm a conservative.”
Pitcher Dick Hughes said: “Thumbs down all the way. That's a conformist's song and should be sung the way it was written.” (We should add, there is no official verision.)
But their teammate Tim McCarver said: “Why not that way? People go through a routine when they play the anthem. They stand up and yawn and almost fall asleep. This way, at least they listened.”
“I know one thing,” said Bill Freehan of the Tigers. “He made Marvin Gaye who sang the anthem Sunday sound like a square.” Perhaps Gaye took note. Their groovy version at the 1983 N.B.A. All-Star Game, now considered one of the best ever, is the antithesis of square.
All sides were represented in the news media, too. Donal Henahan of The New York Times took the benign view: “Our national anthem has been put through 1,001 transfigurations and disfigurations. The nation will no doubt survive the latest controversial version too.”
Feliciano told A.P.: “I just do my thing, what I feel. I was afraid of people would misconstrue it and say I'm making fun of it. But I'm not. It's the way I feel.”
RCA Records reacted in the most American way possible: It looked to make a buck. The label released the anthem as a single. “We're already getting reorders from our New York distributors,” a spokesperson said 10 days after the disputed anthem, and WNEW radio said it played the disk four or five times a day. It eventually hit No. 50.
Time has cooled passions. Feliciano has been invited back for anthems, including in Detroit, and at Game 1 of the 2012 N.L.C.S. in San Francisco. Performing a similar version, they got unanimous cheers. A YouTube video of the original performance has 40 thumbs up for every thumb's down.
“I felt bad about the controversy because they stopped playing my songs on American radio stations,” Feliciano told USA Today in 2012. “But there was nothing wrong with what I did. Now everybody sings the national anthem the way they want.”
FILE - In this Thursday, April 13, 2017 file photo, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi speaks during a joint press conference with the Palestinian Foreign Minister at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing. Wang made a new appeal for calm on the Korean peninsula Tuesday, April 18, 2017, and said they believe the United States would prefer a diplomatic rather than military resolution to the standoff. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein, File)
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi made a new appeal for calm on the Korean Peninsula on Tuesday and said they believe the United States would prefer a diplomatic resolution to the standoff.
Wang told reporters that although U.S. officials have made clear that a military strike remains on the table, they believe that Washington would still prefer to de-escalate tensions through multi-sided talks.
Wang's comments came amid a mounting war of words between Washington and Pyongyang. After U.S. Vice President Mike Pence visited the demilitarized zone in South Korea on Monday and warned that "all options are on the table," a senior North Korean official responded by accusing the United States of bringing the countries to the brink of thermonuclear war.
"We know the situation is tense," Wang said. "The more tense things are, the more calm we need to be to find the opportunities and possibilities for dialogue."
China has called for a return to multi-sided talks that ended in a stalemate in 2009, during the rule of North Korea's previous leader, Kim Jong Il.
Since entering office, President Donald Trump, like their predecessor, Barack Obama, has pressed China to use its political and economic leverage over North Korea, its once-close ally.
China has recently shown "tangible indications" that it is cooperating with the U.S. to turn up the pressure on Pyongyang, a senior State Department official said Monday.
Australia's prime minister also urged China to do more, saying Beijing has the "greatest obligation and responsibility" to de-escalate the threat from North Korea.
"The Chinese often express frustration with North Korea, and disappointment. But the fact is that they have the overwhelming leverage over the North Korea regime," Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told reporters Tuesday in Canberra, Australia's capital. "So the eyes of the world are now on Beijing. Beijing has to step up and bring this reckless threat to the peace and stability of our region to an end."
The recent surge in tensions on the Korean Peninsula finds Beijing on the outs with both North and South Korea, while many critics have yet to be convinced by its insistence that its influence with Pyongyang has been exaggerated.
North Korea has repeatedly ignored China's calls for denuclearization and other steps to calm tensions on the peninsula, and relations between the two are believed to have sunk to their lowest level in years. China remains North Korea's chief source of fuel and food imports, but Pyongyang seems to have calculated that Beijing's fears of a collapse of Kim Jong-un's hard-line communist regime override any such snubs.
In a sign of Beijing's hardening attitude, the Global Times, a state-run tabloid, said in an editorial on Monday that China could enforce "stricter measures" against North Korea, including a ban on oil exports, or join a U.S.-led effort to block the North's access to international financial markets.
Wang, the foreign minister, declined on Tuesday to comment on the piece, saying Global Times editorials do not reflect official foreign policy.
Meanwhile, China's once-thriving relationship with South Korea has hit the rocks over Beijing's strenuous objections to Seoul's deploying of an advanced U.S. anti-missile system. Beijing says the system threatens its own security by allowing the U.S. to monitor flights and other activity in northeastern China. Beijing has retaliated against South Korean businesses, while its military has threatened to take unspecified action in response.
China's top negotiator for North Korea's nuclear program, Wu Dawei, held talks on the missile shield and North Korea's recent actions during a visit to Seoul last week. However, North Korea didn't respond to Wu's request to visit Pyongyang, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency.
___
Associated Press writer Kristen Gelineau in Sydney contributed to this report.
12:09 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 New low: Haaretz writer compares haredi community to neo-Nazis Read more Haaretz writer indulges in old-fashioned haredi-baiting, comparing haredi community to neo-Nazis. ► ◄ Last Briefs
ESPN
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor will fight in a 12-round boxing match on August 26 at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on Showtime PPV. That is a real thing that is actually happening.
After months of teasing a fight and back-and-forth between the retired boxing star and the UFC's hottest commodity, they actually managed to get a deal done and the date is rapidly approaching. The announcement caused quite a stir on social media, as fight fans got excited about the reality of the super fight between the two biggest stars in combat sports.
While the casual fight fan was excited, there are those that aren't happy about the matchup, mostly on the boxing side who claim it's bad for the sport. There are those decrying it as a publicity stunt and a money grab, and they aren't wrong. It's absolutely about the money, as has everything Floyd Mayweather has done for the better part of a decade now, but that doesn't mean it has to be detrimental to the sport of boxing.
After making the official announcement with all of the fight details like weight (154 pounds), glove size (10 ounces), and more on ESPN, Dana White stuck around to discuss the fight with professional talker Stephen A. Smith. Smith is a boxing fanatic and noted the stance of some in the boxing world, namely Oscar De La Hoya, who has railed against the Mayweather-McGregor matchup publicly for weeks. White and Smith both came to a general agreement that, while some in the boxing community might not like it, the fight is what fans want and that should be the goal of combat sports in general.
Something high-tech is happening in the produce aisle at some Swedish supermarkets, where laser marks have replaced labels on the organic avocados and sweet potatoes.
Swedish supermarket chain ICA started experimenting in December with "natural branding," a process that uses low-energy carbon dioxide lasers to remove the pigment from the outer skins of fruits and vegetables.
The laser beams create tattoo-like patterns — in this case the product's name, country of origin and code number — similar to the way hot irons brand cattle. If its test is successful, ICA, which has 1,350 stores across Sweden, hopes to cut down on the stickers and packaging it now uses to identify its organic produce.
"It's a new technique, and we are searching for a smarter way of branding our products due to the fact that we think we have too much unnecessary plastic material or packaging material on our products," Peter Hagg, the chain's senior manager for fruits and vegetables, said.
ICA decided to start with sweet potatoes and avocados because their peels are not typically eaten and have a tendency to shed the stickers normally used to brand produce. But branded broccoli and engraved eggplants may not be far behind.
Later this year, the chain plans to test laser-marking melons plus some items with consumable skins to gauge consumer reaction. Hagg claims lasering has no negative effects on the fruit and vegetables.
"It's very delicate. Because the mark is not going through the skin in any way, it doesn't affect the quality or taste of the product," they said.
Jonas Kullendorff, a 29-year-old engineer, says they approve of the method, if it reduces packaging waste.
"It's actually the first time I've seen this branding, but if it's (a) more sustainable alternative, I'm all for it," Kullendorff said. "No, I wouldn't say it would put me off. If it's less packaging materials, that's a good thing."
Laser labeling has been used in Australia and New Zealand since 2009 and was approved for use in European Union countries in 2013, according to Eosta, the Netherlands-based produce supplier that is working with ICA to test the technology in Sweden.
Eosta says it sold over 725,000 packs of organically grown avocados to the supermarket chain in 2015. Packing them required about 220 kilometers (135 miles) of plastic wrap. The avocados etched by Eosta now sit in open bins without stickers or packaging.
Laser marking can't be used on all produce. Citrus fruit, for example, has the ability to heal itself, meaning the etchings would disappear after just a few hours. Packaging still is desirable in some cases to extend a product's shelf life, Hagg said.
"The plastic branding — there is of course positive things with it," they said. "But in some items it's just unnecessary, because it doesn't bring you better shelf life. It just brings you extra costs."
Central to the trial's success will be consumer response and whether shoppers are happy to eat something that's been zapped by a laser.
"It's really new to me, but I think it's a really good idea (for) the environment," Emma Jeppsson, a customer in the store, said.
Produce stickers, which are made of paper or plastic along with ink and adhesives, may seem like more of an inconvenience than a source of pollution, but environmentalists say even small bits of waste have an impact on the environment.
"We know there's a huge amount of waste across the supply chain before we get to the packaging we see on our shelves," Friends of the Earth campaigner Kierra Box said.
By JEFF MARTIN
Associated Press
ATLANTA (AP) - Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night.
Forecasters warned that the storms could threaten more than 29 million people, raising the risk of powerful tornadoes, damaging winds and hail the size of tennis balls.
Cities in northern Alabama reported power outages, and the National Weather Service in Huntsville reported at least three confirmed tornadoes in the area.
In Limestone County, an Alabama county on the Tennessee border, the sheriff's office posted photos online of houses with roofs ripped off and outbuildings torn from their foundations. Several roads were closed because of power lines or trees, the office tweeted. But it had no reports of injuries from the storms.
The athletic director at Jacksonville State University said late Monday there was significant damage to the campus.
"I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum, but The Pete is not completely destroyed," Greg Seitz said in a tweet.
Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward.
Forecasters said the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes, some of which could be intense. The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches (7.5 centimeters) in diameter could fall, and there's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph (115 kph).
"The potential for strong to violent, long-track tornadoes is a real possibility," Alabama state meteorologist Jim Stefkovic said at a news conference.
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama's emergency management agency. The storms are the first severe weather to threaten the state this year.
School systems from central Tennessee as far south as Birmingham, Alabama, let out early, hoping students and staff would have time to get home before the storms moved through.
The threatened storms come one day before the official start of spring, and are "by far the most impressive setup we've seen so far this year," said Kurt Weber, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Huntsville, Alabama.
"We can't rule out a strong tornado east of Interstate 65 at this point with all the ingredients coming together," Weber added. "Hopefully not, but definitely a possibility."
They said golf ball to tennis ball-sized hail, which can do serious damage to buildings and cars, was possible.
"This is one of those days you want to put the car in the garage if you can," Weber said.
Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey urged Alabamians to implement safety plans and get in a safe location.
"We are not taking the situation lightly," Ivey said. "Severe weather is unpredictable and that is why it is paramount we prepare ahead of time."
The University of Alabama suspended operations Monday from 6:30 p.m. to midnight, meaning classes and campus activities were cancelled, libraries closed and shelters were opened on campus.
___
Associated Press writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham, Alabama, Mallory Moench in Montgomery, Alabama, and Kate Brumback in Atlanta contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Bat-Signal will shine over Los Angeles in tribute to the late Adam West, the actor best-known for playing Batman in the campy 1960 television series.
Mayor Eric Garcetti says the Bat-Signal will be lit at L.A.'s City Hall at 9 p.m. Thursday.
In Batman comics, movies and TV shows, the Bat-Signal is a spotlight with the shadow of Batman's winged emblem that is shown on the night sky to call for Batman's help.
West died Friday at age 88.
Garcetti announced the event on Twitter and added the hashtag, #BrightKnight.
Batman is often referred to as the Dark Knight, but West's children said in a statement that they aspired to positivity and always saw themselves as "The Bright Knight."
Experts predict capital market rebound in 2017
Stories By Chinenye Anuforo
Despite the prolonged lull and losses experienced in the nation's capital market in 2016, financial experts have predicted that the market might experience some rebound in 2017, if the Federal Government authorities would come out with appropriate policies to drive the growth of the general economy, capital market inclusive.
Specifically, Chief Executive Officer, Cowry Asset Management Limited, Mr. Johnson Chukwu, argued that recovery in the capital market can only be seen when there is a macroeconomic recovery.
They said, “the recovery in the market we are going to see will depend on how quickly the economy goes into rebound. We have seen a worsening of the contraction in the economy. One is hoping that if the government can carve out accurate policies, we should begin to see a recovery some time in 2017. It is only when we see a macroeconomic recovery that one can be sure of a sustained recovery in the equities market. So, I think the recovery of the capital market will be tied to the general economy.”
Dr. Glenn Prince-Abbi, the Chief Executive Officer, Espera Global Corporation, in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria recently also expressed optimism that the Nigerian capital market and the economy would experience increased activities with innovative macroeconomic policy in 2017.
Prince-Abbi said innovative macroeconomic policymaking with strong strategic insight would provide the platform and delivery system to improve economic activities, including the capital market.
They expressed optimism that there would be improvement at the Federal Government level in 2017, going by the various fiscal policy measures being articulated to stimulate the economy.
They also stated that Nigeria's foreign reserves would likely improve in 2017 with sustained stability in crude oil production output and through a progressively diversified export revenue structure.
“Along with this, real sector performance will improve, productivity growth will register and the GDP growth will rise,” they stated.
Prince-Abbi observed that the Federal Government's planned investments in infrastructure would further stimulate this process and open up relatively new growth pathways.
“The economic contraction we have currently will gradually reverse and the capital market itself will therefore fare better,” they stated.
On how to sustain the capital market, they urged the operators and investors to look more at the medium and long-term investment windows rather than being caught by the syndrome of short-term speculative actions.
They explained that short-term speculative actions could harm the market and do nobody any good.
“Smart investment in all climes and times requires strategic thinking; it requires long views and wider planning horizons. This is the sophistication that investors, local and foreign, must bring to the market.
“I propose strongly that operators, regulators and all stakeholders must work together to build and raise the sophistication of the second largest capital market in Africa. The recent interface with the London Stock Exchange and all the expressed intentions of synergy and integration are good signs.
“Well-developed and sophisticated capital markets can generate an infinite mix of economic benefits, spanning job creation, productivity growth and improved macroeconomic stability.
“This is what we need at this stage in Nigeria's economic situation and this is what we need to take firm and measured steps in 2017,” Prince-Abbi said.
According to him, events in the last couple of weeks show substantial improvements to make one anticipate brighter prospects in the market.
The economic expert said the market downturn was due to the low crude oil price, as a principal factor in 2015 that affected Nigeria's foreign reserves, adding that it also gave the naira a battering among international currencies in 2016.
They added that the anti-corruption war and the Niger Delta militants' destruction of crude oil pipelines contributed to the development in the market. The financial expert explained that these incidents created a massive shortfall in the country's planned crude oil production output and export earnings and a fall in the nation's currency.
Guinness Nigeria announces EGM to approve N 40bn Rights Issue
Guinness Nigeria Plc has announced its intention to hold an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of its shareholders to approve resolutions for a rights issue.
The EGM is scheduled for January 24, 2017 in Lagos.
According to a statement from the company, Guinness believes the rights issue will allow it to optimize its balance sheet improving its financial and operational flexibility.
“If approved at the EGM, full details of the rights issue which is expected to raise up to N40 billion if fully subscribed, will be issued prior to the launch. The rights issue is subject to the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities”, it stated.
Guinness Nigeria was established in 1950 and listed on The Nigerian Stock Exchange in 1965. With a shareholder base of over 75,000 shareholders, it is also one of the foremost quoted companies in Nigeria.
The company built its first brewery in Ikeja in 1962, and currently has facilities in Ogba, Benin City and Aba. Included in its portfolio are such acclaimed brands – Guinness Foreign Extra Stout, Guinness Extra Smooth, Malta Guinness, Harp Lager beer, Smirnoff Ice, Satzenbrau Pilsner, Dubic Lager Beer, Harp Lime and Malta Guinness Low Sugar. Guinness Nigeria is a subsidiary of Diageo Plc, a global leader in beverage alcohol with an outstanding collection of brands across spirits, beer and wine categories.
FMDQ admits Vetiva S&P ETF on its platform
As the financial markets wrap up activities of last year, FMDQ OTC Securities Exchange, on December 29, 2016, admitted the pioneer listing of an Exchange Traded Fund – 10,000,000 Units of the Vetiva S&P Nigerian Sovereign Bond Exchange Traded Fund (“VS&P ETF”) – on its platform.
With the due approval of the FMDQ Board Listings, Markets and Technology Committee, the VS&P ETF, becomes the second Fund to be listed on the OTC Exchange, following the Greenwich Plus Money Market Fund.
FMDQ remains unyielding in its mandate to revolutionise and promote the development of the Nigerian financial markets.
The OTC Exchange is strategically positioned to boost the development and competitiveness of the markets under its purview.
In the fixed income market, specifically, FMDQ provides a most reliable platform for the registration, listing, trading and valuation of debt securities.
The VS&P ETF, will, as part of the benefits for securities listed on FMDQ's platform, be availed global visibility through the OTC Exchange's corporate website and the FMDQ-Bloomberg E-Bond Trading System. The listing of the VS&P ETF will serve to drive increased confidence in the possibility of the nation's investment climate, and the Fund will undoubtedly enjoy the prestige provided by FMDQ's listings and quotations service.
Looking ahead into 2017, FMDQ will remain committed to impeccable delivery of its mandate, leveraging on, as it must ensure success, the concerted and collaborative efforts of its stakeholders, to support economic development pertinent to the resuscitation, where applicable, and growth of the Nigerian financial markets.
Investors urged to explore opportunities in capital market, diversify risk
Stakeholders have called on investors to exploit the opportunities inherent in the nation's capital market as a way of further boosting the fortunes of the country's economy even as they also urged them to diversify their portfolio in order to mitigate risk.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), Mr. Oscar Onyema, advised investors to exploit the emerging opportunities in Nigerian stocks at the moment to invest in the capital market.
According to him, “this is the best time to invest in the Nigerian capital market. Investment in the Capital Market is long term and it is one which requires attention and the support of parties concerned, to grow.”
They further dispelled the negative notion of continuous instability in the market. They stated that, “investors should know that the capital market is a cyclical market with up and down movements. The market is full of risks. I encourage investors to seek professional advice from investment specialists and stockbrokers that will be able to manage their investments in the market.
“Also, investors can personally manage and monitor their investment portfolios in a manner that will reduce risk and improve returns. Investors have to adopt appropriate techniques in making investment decisions because the capital market is not for gamblers, it is not a game of chance but a game that requires informed decision.”
Although the NSE boss was not specific on when the seeming lull in the capital market will subside, he, however, gave assurances that with the ongoing reform and support of all stakeholders, confidence is gradually returning to the market.
On their part, the Chief Executive Officer, Cowry Asset Limited, Johnson Chukwu, also called for investment in capital market just as they advised investors that in order to cushion their loss, they should diversify their investment.
They said, “my advice to investors is to shift their investment portfolios away from equities to instrument that have more stable returns and those are the fixed income instruments.
“There are bonds trading on the market so I think investors need to move away more from the equities to the fixed income market at this point in time. If you buy into bonds, you can get reasonable return at the current yield level instead of staying away from the market completely.”
The Chief Executive Officer of Stanbic IBTC Asset Management Limited, Bunmi Dayo-Olagunju, had earlier called on investors to take advantage of mutual funds to hedge their risks and boost their investments.
Dayo-Olagunju explained that considering the volatility in the equities and commodity markets, it is imperative for investors to diversify their portfolios by investing in mutual funds and other asset classes.
According to her, the attractiveness of mutual funds or collective schemes is the number of advantages it offers over other investment classes such as flexibility, which makes it possible to either invest a ‘lump sum' or make regular instalments on a monthly basis, which means the funds can be accessed at any time by the investor who may require money for a variety of purposes such as healthcare, education, vacation and housing. Other benefits of mutual funds include steady returns, professional management and risk reduction, among others.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLEVELAND — LeBron James made certain the Cavaliers' losing ways lasted only one day.
James had their 58th career triple-double and Cleveland rallied in the fourth quarter to beat the Philadelphia 76ers 105-98 on Saturday night.
James had 30 points, 13 rebounds and 13 assists to help the Cavaliers bounce back from a loss in Indiana on Friday night that ended their 13-game winning streak.
The Cavaliers didn't arrive in Cleveland until 4.a.m. after their flight from Indianapolis was delayed. Cleveland surged ahead after falling behind 18-7 and built a double-figure lead in the second and third quarters, but trailed again in the fourth.
“This is a big win for us,” James said. “After everything that we went through last night, your whole day is kind of just screwed up. For us to come out here and be professionals — nobody's going to feel sorry for you — everyone just gave what they had and we were very resilient, have a lot of resolves.”
In what has become almost a nightly occurrence, James took over with the game on the line, scoring or assisting on Cleveland's last 22 points.
“I started the game 3 for 11, was missing some chippies,” they said. “I don't need to score to be productive and to help win a game. I just stay with it. That's a crazy stat, though. I didn't know that, that's for sure.”
“He went 9 for 23 with six turnovers, but they are still that good where they put their thumbprint on the game the way they did,” Sixers coach Brett Brown said. “He's very unique.”
Sixers forward Robert Covington fell into Cleveland's bench trying to save a loose ball with just over a minute to play. They landed on the metal flooring behind the bench and was down for a couple of minutes before being helped to their feet and to the locker room.
Covington was being treated in the trainer's room following the game. Brown said they injured their lower back and right hip. A timeout was called following the play and it took a few moments before anyone realized Covington was injured.
“I was just shocked because I didn't know they went down,” 76ers rookie Ben Simmons said. “I just spoke with them and hopefully he'll be all right.”
Asked if Covington will play Sunday against New Orleans, Brown said, “I can't assume anything, but it would seem like he's a no-go.”
Simmons' breakaway dunk gave Philadelphia a 96-91 lead, but the Cavaliers ended the game on a 14-2 run. James converted a three-point play and Kyle Korver hit a 3-pointer, giving Cleveland the lead.
Dwyane Wade added two baskets and Jae Crowder's 3-pointer put the Cavaliers ahead 104-98.
Covington and J.J. Redick scored 19 points each for Philadelphia.
Both starting centres missed the game. Joel Embiid sat out for Philadelphia because they haven't been cleared to play on back-to-back nights and Kevin Love didn't play because of a sore left hip.
Wade, Korver and Crowder each scored 13 points for Cleveland. Simmons had 14 points, 6 rebounds and 10 assists for the Sixers.
Sixers forward Dario Saric, who scored 17 points, wore goggles because a left eye laceration and a corneal abrasion of their right eye.
BIG MAN BREAK
Brown said Embiid, who is averaging 23.5 points and 11.1 rebounds, will play Sunday against the Pelicans. “It's disappointing that Cleveland fans aren't going to be able to see a very unique player,” Brown said before the game. Philadelphia plays again in Cleveland on March 1.
TIP-INS
76ers: Rookie G Markelle Fultz is no longer experiencing soreness in their right shoulder. The No. 1 overall draft pick, who has only played in four games, will increase their on-court workouts over the next three weeks. … G T.J. McConnell (sprained AC joint in left shoulder) was also out. … G Justin Anderson (left shin splints) will be re-evaluated in two weeks.
Cavaliers: Isaiah Thomas (sore right hip) played 4-on-4 Wednesday, but it's still unclear when he'll make their debut with the team. The Cavaliers are expected to practice Monday … C Tristian Thompson (strained left calf) experienced soreness after scrimmaging and missed their 19th straight game. They were injured Nov. 1. .
UP NEXT
76ers: At New Orleans on Sunday night.
Cavaliers: Host Atlanta on Tuesday night.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The area is a magnet for migrants from many countries because it serves as a gateway to England, and local officials are worried that tensions could spin further out of control.
Separately, 90 people were feared drowned after a migrant smuggler's boat capsized off the coast of Libya. Most of the victims appear to have been from Pakistan.
____
Photo
4. Fidel Ángel Castro Díaz-Balart, a nuclear physicist who was the oldest son of the former Cuban President Fidel Castro, died at 68.
They had been treated for depression in recent months and committed suicide, according to a report in the newspaper Granma.
Bearing a close physical resemblance to their father, Mr. Castro Díaz-Balart, known as Fidelito, was the only son of the president and their first wife, Mirta Díaz-Balart.
____
Photo
5. The worst flu season in nearly a decade has filled emergency rooms and strained resources at medical centers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Above, a hospital near Allentown, Pa., that set up a “surge tent” as a holding area for walk-in patients who need monitoring.
The 22-year-old patient pictured hadn't gotten a flu shot, in part because of misguided fears about its side effects. Them boss sent their home because of a hacking cough.
____
Photo
6. A distraught father lunged at Larry Nassar, the former doctor for U.S.A. Gymnastics convicted of sex abuse, during a sentencing hearing in Michigan.
Three of Randall Margraves's daughters had given victim impact statements by the time they asked for “five minutes in a locked room” with Dr. Nassar.
When the judge declined, Mr. Margraves rushed across the room, but was intercepted by law enforcement officials. They were later released without being charged.
____
Photo
7. The Super Bowl is Sunday. In our Op-Ed pages, Emily Kelly, the wife of Rob Kelly, a former safety for the Saints and the Patriots, details how their once-loving husband turned into a ghost because of brain trauma.
“These men chose football, but they didn't choose brain damage,” they wrote.
____
Photo
8. With one week to go before the opening ceremony, organizers are putting the finishing touches on the event sites for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
We'll be sending our own team to Pyeongchang, South Korea, including reporters, videographers, graphics editors and others. Our sports reporter Andrew Keh, who was among the first to arrive, scoped out the town for us.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
We'll be rolling out full coverage in the days ahead, and some of it will feature augmented reality segments that you can see on an iPhone. Try it out here.
____
Photo
9. Our weekly roundup of good news is meant to send you into the weekend with a lighter heart, because it isn't all bad out there.
Among this week's subjects: a special police force in the Netherlands that helps animals in trouble, a popular course about happiness at Yale, and the girls aiming to become Jamaica's first Olympic synchronized swimmers, above.
____
Photo
10. Finally, did the groundhog see its shadow?
Depends on which one you ask. Pennsylvania's Punxsutawney Phil, above, did, which means six more weeks of winter. But their rival Staten Island Chuck did not.
And so we turned to data, as we do these days, to parse the mixed messages from two of the country's most well-known groundhogs.
Turns out Chuck boasts an 80 percent success rate. Phil, by comparison, is right only 39 percent of the time. So let's just go with the notion that spring is coming early. Fingers crossed.
Have a great weekend.
____
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story The Evening Briefing by Email Get a nightly rundown of the day's top stories, delivered to your inbox every Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
And don't miss Your Morning Briefing. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning.
Want to catch up on past briefings? You can browse them here.
What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com.
Brian Ashworth didn't want to deal with the mess descending Saturday on Charlottesville, Virginia, so they shut the doors of their popular breakfast-and-barbecue joint -- only to get a taste of the hate on Sunday.
They were in the office when one of their employees walked back to tell them that a woman and four or five men, who appeared at least sympathetic to the previous day's "Unite the Right" rally, were in the dining room of Ace Biscuit & Barbecue, less than a mile from where Saturday's rallies began.
Annoyed, Ashworth walked out to survey the situation.
Some members of the groups had what Ashworth described as low-quality prison or gang tattoos. One wore a "Make America Great Again" shirt, and another had a shirt promoting the British white nationalist punk band, Skrewdriver. A third man sported a shirt that said, "Pinochet Helicopter Company," a reference to former right-wing Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet, accused of tossing Communists and other political opponents from aircraft.
There was only one other couple dining at the time, outside, and the group was behaving, minding its own business. They didn't appear to be bringing any of the rally's violence to theirs eatery.
"One employee said to me, 'Brian, be cool. Let them eat,'" the restaurant owner recalled. "We served them against my personal taste."
Governor: 'Go home. ... Shame on you'
Ashworth even engaged in a benign conversation with one of the men who went outside to smoke. The man complimented Ashworth on the sausage Ace uses in its biscuits and asked if it was from a local farm. Ashworth replied that it was made in-house.
'I was pretty heated'
The group finished up, paid and walked outside, where they began "loitering and smoking" by their cars in front of their store, apparently waiting for a friend, Ashworth said. By then, the restaurant was full of customers and there was a line out the door.
Suddenly, the young man in the Skrewdriver shirt threw up a Nazi salute, which the others reciprocated, they said.
"That was it. Oh my God, are you kidding me? 'Get out of here. You've got to go,'" Ashworth told them, admittedly in unkind words. "I could've trimmed off some of the f-bombs ... but I was pretty heated."
"It was all I could do to just not explode on somebody," they said.
They countered that they had rights, and Ashworth conceded they had rights but said, as a business owner, there are federally protected groups their restaurant must serve, and they're happy to, but they reserve the right to deny service to other groups. Their employees don't have to serve them, they said.
"They're on the 'don't' list," said Ashworth, who has been in business almost five years.
The woman in the group called them "limp-wristed" and another pejorative for gay men. And then came the threat: "This isn't over. We'll be back."
Ashworth's customers appreciated them taking action. Still, he's concerned.
"I got a round of applause from the customers who saw me throw them out," they said. "A round of applause is good, but it doesn't keep anybody safe."
Ashworth called the police to request a squad car post up outside their restaurant, but was told the police department's resources were too thin, which is understandable, they said.
They decided to close for the day, for the safety of their staff and customers.
'I just want to sell some food'
Charlottesville, like many American cities, has both good and bad history, Ashworth said, and he's angry that people have chosen to exploit their city for their own twisted aims.
"This isn't Charlottesville. These people are not representing us," they said. "The bad history is behind us, and we're trying to keep it there."
Ashworth worries that people like Sunday's customers will keep popping up in Charlottesville and around the country because today's tumultuous political climate provides them a platform, they said.
More worrying, though, is the threat, the husband and father said. One of the guys in the group was "dressed like an everyday dude," which is concerning because Ashworth wouldn't be able to pick them out as easily as they did the others, they said.
Ashworth brought their two .45-caliber pistols to work Sunday because of Saturday's violence. They suppose he'll keep bringing them to work until they feel safe again.
"I just want to sell some food and make a few bucks," they said. "I don't want to be the guy who got shot by a f**king Nazi."
Samsung Unveils Windows-Based Virtual Reality Headset
Samsung is joining Microsoft's virtual-reality push, announcing an immersive headset that pairs with Windows computers.
The Korean electronics giant unveiled its Samsung HMD Odyssey [pictured here] at a Microsoft event in San Francisco on Tuesday. It will sell for $499.
The device joins Windows-based immersive headsets built by Lenovo, HP, Acer and Dell, and aimed for release later this year.
Microsoft is among the companies seeking a slice of the emerging market for modern head-mounted devices.
High-end headsets, like Facebook-owned Oculus' Rift and the HTC Vive, require powerful Windows PCs to run.
Others, including the Samsung Gear VR and Google's Daydream, are aimed at the wider audience of people who use smartphones.
Microsoft's vision, for now, is tied to the PC, and specifically new features in the Windows operating system designed to make it easier to build and display immersive environments.
The company also has its own hardware, but that hasn't been on display recently.
Microsoft's HoloLens was a trailblazer when it was unveiled in 2015. The headset, whose visor shows computer-generated images projected onto objects in the wearer's environment without obscuring the view of the real world completely, was subsequently offered for sale to developers and businesses.
But the $3,000 device, much costlier than mainstream VR headsets that sell for less than $1,000, has been limited to niche applications. Microsoft hasn't disclosed plans for a new version.
Microsoft also said on Tuesday that it had acquired AltspaceVR, a California virtual-reality software startup that was building social and communications tools until it ran into funding problems earlier this year.
© 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots by Samsung.
Walk around the real world to "fly" a drone and collect dinosaur DNA from the terrible, augmented reality thunder-lizards that've infested your neighborhood (think: capturing a creature in Go); create your own hybrid creatures; battle your dino "strike team" against other players and, well, probably drain your smartphone's battery very quickly in the process.
It should be incredibly familiar if you're used to scouting for eevee and squirtle in the real world. The game's cheerful interface should help bridge the gap between the two titles as well. You probably won't ever mistake a velociraptor for a vulpix while playing, though.
The game is free on Android and iOS and out right now. If you're more interested in building and managing a park of your own, there's Jurassic World: Evolution, which is coming to consoles and PC on June 12th. The reason for the prehistoric season, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, debuts at your local multiplex June 22nd.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress will continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after President Donald Trump fired their national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of their contacts with the Russian ambassador last year.
Democrats said an independent investigation was the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and said three congressional investigations underway were enough.
Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was fired late Monday. The White House said they misled Vice President Mike Pence about their contacts with the Russian ambassador.
This isn't the first time Trump has distanced themselves from an adviser in light of relationships with Moscow. In late August, Paul Manafort resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson after disclosures by The Associated Press about their firm's covert lobbying on behalf of Ukraine's former pro-Russia governing political party. Trump has long held a friendly posture toward the long-time U.S. adversary and has been reluctant to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin, even for Putin's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014.
"This isn't simply about a change in policy toward Russia, as the administration would like to portray. It's what's behind that change in policy," said California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, one of the congressional bodies investigating.
Under the Obama administration, U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia interfered in the 2016 election with the goal of electing Trump. Trump has acknowledged that Russia hacked Democratic emails but denies it was to help them win.
The New York Times reported late Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign, including Manafort, had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials during the year before the election. The U.S. knew about these contacts through phone records and intercepted calls, the Times said.
Reached late Tuesday, Manafort told The Associated Press they have not been interviewed by the FBI about these alleged contacts.
"I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today," Manafort said.
Officials who spoke with the Times anonymously said they had not yet seen any evidence of the Trump campaign cooperating with the Russians on hacking or other attempts to influence the election.
The investigations and the unusual firing of the national security adviser just 24 days into their job have put Republicans in the awkward position of investigating the leader of their party. The congressional probes are ultimately in the hands of the Republican committee chairpeople, and the executive branch's investigation is now overseen by Trump appointees.
Republican leaders focused on the idea that Flynn misled Pence about the nature of their contacts with the Russian ambassador — not on any questioning of the relationship between Flynn and the ambassador. Democrats said a key issue is whether Flynn broke diplomatic protocol and potentially the law by discussing U.S. sanctions with Moscow before Trump's inauguration. Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said the committee had not yet seen the transcripts of Flynn's calls.
The Justice Department had warned the White House late last month that Flynn could be at risk for blackmail because of contradictions between their public depictions of the calls with the Russian ambassador and what intelligence officials knew about the conversations.
"You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others," said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
California Rep. Devin Nunes, chairperson of the House intelligence committee, said they were concerned Flynn's rights were violated in the interception of their conversations with the Russian ambassador.
"I'm just shocked that nobody's covering the real crime here," Nunes said. "You have an American citizen who had their phone call recorded and then leaked to the media."
Video: Tiwa Savage Ft. Omarion – Get It Now (Remix)
Nigerian music diva, Tiwa Savage combined forces with American singer, Omarion some weeks ago to deliver an official remix for “Get It Now“.
https://www.yabaleftonline.ng/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Tiwa_Savage_Ft_Omarion_Get_It_Now_Remix.mp3
DOWNLOAD MP3
Well, they have returned with the visuals to the grace the song, in a cut directed by Meji Alabi.
Watch the Video:
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Video: Tiwa Savage Ft. Omarion – Get It Now (Remix) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If you were hoping to snag a ticket to Easton's most celebrity-packed retirement party, you might be out of luck.
The State Theatre announced Monday that "Boak's Bash," the Jan. 6 tribute concert for C.F. Martin and Co.'s retiring Director of Museum and Archives Dick Boak, sold out before tickets became available to the general public.
The show, first announced on Dec. 4, is slated to feature Boak's celebrity friends and clients like iconic blues rocker Steve Miller and blues/pop star John Mayer.
State Theatre members did get a chance to grab a seat: Tickets, which cost $85 to $184, went on sale to the venue's members on Tuesday, Dec. 5.
But the sale for the general public, which had been announced for Dec. 12 at 10 a.m., has been scrapped because of the sell-out.
In the initial announcement for the show, the State Theatre cautioned that "limited tickets" had been made available to the venue for the event.
Other stars scheduled to appear at the event include country legend Marty Stuart, former Wings lead guitarist Laurence Juber, former Jefferson Airplane guitarist Jorma Kaukonen, singer-songwriter David Bromberg, local musician Craig Thatcher and guitarist Trevor Gordon Hall.
Boak earned these high-profile fans throughout a career at Martin Guitar that spanned four decades and included a number of different roles.  They are known for launching the company's signature guitar series.
A retrospective art show looking back on Boak's career in the State Theatre's Easton Hospital Gallery will accompany the concert.
Proceeds from the concert will benefit the State Theatre.
Andrew Doerfler may be reached at adoerfler@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @adoerfler or on Facebook.
NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump reached an audience of 45.6 million people for their first State of the Union address, not enough to give them bragging rights over their predecessor.
The Nielsen company said former President Barack Obama drew 48 million people for their first State of the Union in 2010.
Trump's audience was down from the 47.7 million people who watched their address to the joint session of Congress last February.
Fox News Channel earned the top spot among the individual networks, with 11.5 million viewers during the speech. It was the first time that Fox News, home of Trump-friendly opinion hosts like Sean Hannity, beat all of the networks for the State of the Union, although Fox also was the network of choice for Trump's address to Congress last February.
NBC (7.1 million) and CBS (7 million) fought for second place. The Fox broadcast network had 3.6 million, CNN had 3.1 million and MSNBC had 2.7 million, Nielsen said.
Whoever is responsible for the Mayor of San Juan's T-shirt collection, we'd like to take this time to thank you.
Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz, not one to mince their words or protest T-shirts, wore a black T-shirt emblazoned with the words "NASTY" on it to a Univision interview Wednesday morning. Yulín Cruz's T-shirt appears to have been in response to Trump's tweets about them on Saturday, as well as their spectacularly tone deaf visit to the island yesterday.
SEE ALSO: Here's where Trump spent the past 10 days as Puerto Rico collapsed
Here's what Yulín Cruz had to say of their time there:
"When someone is annoyed by someone claiming lack of drinking water, lack of medicine for the sick, and lack of food for the hungry, that person has problems too severe to be explained in an interview. What is really nasty is that anyone would turn their back on the Puerto Rican people," Yulín Cruz told Univision.
"Lo que es 'nasty' es que se de la espalda al pueblo puertorriqueño": alcaldesa de San Juan @CarmenYulinCruz pic.twitter.com/f0U92cln0F — Al Punto Univision (@AlPunto) October 4, 2017
From their golf club on Saturday, Trump tweeted: "The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
They later added: "Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort."
The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
After showing up in Puerto Rico yesterday to pitch paper towels at desperate people and humiliate everyone watches, the President then hopped back in their air conditioned plane to Nevada to do whatever the hell they did there.
Over the weekend, Yulín Cruz was spotted wearing a similarly designed T-shirt reading "We are dying."
The death toll in Puerto Rico is 34, though it is expected to rise far higher.
San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz is wearing a shirt that says "Help Us, We Are Dying" to draw attention to the crisis in Puerto Rico pic.twitter.com/sb9gz0eNp2 — BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) September 30, 2017
The #Deplorable Twitter community that supports Trump, already reeling from the NFL protests, shamed the mayor for not wearing more appropriate T-shirts on television — not the president, for you know, failing the Puerto Rican people.
Those "true colors" certainly came out on #CNN. Never too many people dying to customize a t-shirt amirite? pic.twitter.com/SvIQNTYYiA — #MAGAZILLA (@kaiju_conserv) September 30, 2017
NASTY women like Clinton and Yulín Cruz are fighting back, one block print T-shirt at a time.
View photos Https%3a%2f%2fblueprint api production.s3.amazonaws.com%2fuploads%2fvideo uploaders%2fdistribution thumb%2fimage%2f82005%2f450b12d6 bceb 43cb 8316 55be299031ce More
Every editorial product is independently selected by Mashable journalists. If you buy something featured, we may earn an affiliate commission which helps support our journalism.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
VANCOUVER — A blind Victoria man has lost their discrimination complaint in British Columbia's highest court.
In a unanimous ruling, a panel of the B.C. Court of Appeal finds Graeme McCreath and their guide dog, Adrienne, were not discriminated against when they were refused a taxi ride in July 2014.
McCreath claimed systemic discrimination when a driver with Victoria Taxi said they could not allow dogs in their car because of their allergies.
The driver refused to transport McCreath and their dog, but arranged for another taxi that arrived within minutes.
Both Human Rights Tribunal and the B.C. Supreme Court rejected the man's complaint, finding the taxi company had demonstrated there was a valid and reasonable justification for the discrimination.
McCreath took the matter to the Court of Appeal, but it has now dismissed the case, ruling the taxi company is also required to meet the special needs of its own drivers.
“It was the duty to accommodate drivers with disabilities that provided the bona fide and reasonable justification for the discrimination against Mr. McCreath because any further effort to accommodate Mr. McCreath would have resulted in discrimination against the drivers,” Justice David Tysoe said on behalf of the panel.
Justice Gail Dickson and Justice Gregory Fitch concurred with Tysoe's reasons which dismissed the appeal without costs.
Meet ”Tamar” The Bootylicious Girlfriend Of Timaya
So, we just discovered the mystery bootylicious lady Timaya has been posting on their Instagram page. The mystery lady is an interior decorator called Tamar.  They are the same lady who handled the interior design of their new Lekki mansion. Them Instagram page shows they have been together or known each other since 2016. They […]
The post Meet ”Tamar” The Bootylicious Girlfriend Of Timaya appeared first on Ngyab.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Expand Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, addresses the Human Rights Council at the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland February 26, 2018. © 2018 Reuters
Last week the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein reminded a room of World Bank economists that human rights are “also your job,” and called on the institution to “marry human rights and economics.”
That call, at a World Bank event to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, echoes criticism by Human Rights Watch and numerous other civil society organizations that the World Bank needs to do a better job of making human rights central to its mission of reducing poverty through development projects around the world.
Though the World Bank has social and environmental safeguard policies meant to protect people, they fall short. The bank needs to ensure it assesses the human rights risks in each project, take steps to minimize these risks, and ensure that effective remedies exist when harm does occur.
The high commissioner highlighted the need for improved collaboration between those working in development, and those in the front lines of defending human rights. In particular, they offered to share information gathered by human rights monitors – such as indicators of impending violence – that could contribute to the Bank's risk assessments of potential projects. They shared their vision of more effective shared advocacy between development and human rights professionals “united by a common purpose,” with the goal of building stronger institutions, weaving a more inclusive social fabric, and producing justice.
Hussein emphasized the “colossal economic, social and human cost of violations,” calling on the Bank to address issues of exclusion, inequality, and other human rights, not only because they uphold the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other international human rights documents, but “because they make for good economics, sound development, greater and more sustained prosperity.”
In this year that marks seven decades since the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the World Bank should heed the renewed calls to put human rights at the core of its work, not only to prevent harm, but to effectively achieve its objectives of ending extreme poverty and promoting shared prosperity around the world.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer, if today's news briefing is anything to judge by, has a very tight relationship with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who met with Donald Trump at the White House yesterday. So tight, in fact, that Spicer has a special pet name for the PM–different than the name the rest of the world knows them by.
Oh boy. Spicer says Trump had a productive meeting with Canadian PM “Joe” Trudeau. pic.twitter.com/0SHj0yY1iY — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) February 14, 2017
Your boy Joey Trudeau.
SAN DIEGO — For most of the game, it seemed like it was Jock Landale all by themselves against the entire San Diego Toreros team.
The big Australian senior had 34 points and tied their season high with 18 rebounds — they had a double-double by halftime — and the No. 13 Saint Mary's Gaels held off USD 65-62 on Saturday night to extend their school-record winning streak to 18.
One of Landale's biggest shots of the night came when they powered into the key for a layup with one minute left to help keep the rallying Toreros just at arm's length.
“There are very few of those guys that you can actually just keep going to in the post, they're not going to double, they're going to make them beat them,” Saint Mary's coach Randy Bennett said. “He can do it.”
The Gaels (23-2, 12-0 West Coast Conference) have the nation's second-longest winning string. No. 3 Purdue won its 19th straight on Saturday, 78-76 in overtime at Rutgers.
“I don't care about 18 straight but it's a great win,” Bennett said. “When league started, we were like, ‘This is going to be a tough one to get done down in San Diego because they're good. Lamont's doing a great job.”
USD coach Lamont Smith was impressed with the 6-foot-11 Landale.
“We thought if we could let Landale get 100 and lock up the rest of the guys we may give ourselves a chance,” Smith joked. “And he's a load. He's hard to guard. They did everything they could to keep their team in the game and then some, but our guys kept battling and battling. We're not into moral victories, but our guys, if they're going to battle like that I'll sleep well at night.”
The Gaels led 36-24 at halftime and continued to lead by double digits until the Toreros slowly closed the gap late in the game.
Tyler Williams hit three 3-pointers and Isaiah Wright hit two 3s down the stretch for USD (15-9, 6-6).
Landale powered into the key for a layup and Jordan Ford hit a runner on the baseline, both shots keeping the Gaels' lead at four points.
The closest USD got was 63-62 on Wright's 3-pointer with 11.2 seconds left. Emmett Naar was fouled and made both shots. Wright missed a 3 just before the buzzer and Calvin Hermanson rebounded.
Landale had their 16th double-double of the season. They were three points shy of their season-high.
The only other Gaels player in double figures was Naar with 11. Naar also committed nine turnovers.
Isaiah Pineiro scored 24 points, Williams 12 and Wright 10 for USD.
“They hit some tough shots,” Bennett said of the Toreros. “Defensively in the first half we were good. The second half they got it going. They must have hit six or seven 3s in the second half. We usually give up like five in a game. They played well. I would have liked us to defend better down the stretch.”
Saint Mary's trailed 14-9 when it went on a 17-1 run that included nine points by Landale, including a jumper to start the run and a 3-pointer. Hermanson hit a jumper with 5:21 left before halftime to give the Gaels a 26-15 lead.
USD had gone cold, missing 12 straight shots before Pineiro made a jumper with 2 1/2 minutes before halftime.
BIG PICTURE
Saint Mary's: The Gaels haven't lost since Nov. 26, when they were defeated 83-81 in overtime by Georgia in the Wooden Legacy in Fullerton.
San Diego: The scrappy, undermanned Toreros played the Gaels tough early and had leads of 11-5 and 14-9. But Landale proved to be too much. So, No. 14 remains the highest-ranked team USD has ever beaten, when it won at UCLA in overtime on Nov. 26, 2002.
UP NEXT
Saint Mary's visits Loyola Marymount on Thursday night.
San Diego visits Pepperdine on Thursday night.
——
More AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sunderland is certainly a place on the up with new developments being formed all over the city right now – but the problem of litter blighting the everyday lives of its residents is still there.
On a lunchtime walk around the city centre as part of our Clean Streets campaign, I saw numerous examples of food packaging dropped by people old enough to know better, and often with bins just yards away.
The issue is particularly evident near food shops, but despite plenty of bins with space in them to dispose of rubbish, some still opt for the easy option of chucking their items away irresponsibly.
There is no doubt that litter will probably always be an issue in any area, but we can all do our bit to make our city a cleaner, tidier and more welcoming place to live and work in.
Those we spoke to on the streets of Sunderland agreed that there is definitely room for improvement in a city which has just made the final five to be named the UK's City of Culture in 2021.
Speaking in Crowtree Road, Brenda Smiles, 61, of Downhill, said: “I think the litter problem is terrible if I'm honest, it really is. It seems to have got worse in the last few years if anything.
But it isn't just a problem with young people like a lot of them would say, you see older people doing it. You'd think they would have more sense.
“If you stand about for just a few minutes you see people dropping things on the floor.”
Business owners also say there is a frustration with the litter problem, and it has a knock-on effect on their working lives.
Kay French runs Sweet Thoughts sweet shop, in Blandford Street.
“Every week we seem to have a bad problem with litter out the back of the shop, without fail,” they said.
“We get a lot of food dumped and the smell is just horrendous. I don't think people realise that it makes the situation with the seagulls a lot worse.
“You have to look at how many young people we have in the city centre now, because the amount of stuff left seems to be worse on the dinner break time.
“You also see people leaving cigarettes around and then thinking that it's OK to put them in the businesses bins, but it isn't.”
The Echo regularly receives letters from residents wanting the situation with rubbish to be better, with many describing incidents of litter dropping they have witnessed for themselves.
Edith Young was shocked to see piles of paper dumped in Waterloo Place, close to Sunderland Train Station.
“Yes it is a problem,” said the 81-year-old, who lives in Whitburn.
“I definitely think it affects how people look at the city from outside. People should be doing more themselves.
“I've seen with my own eyes people dropping stuff when they are right next to bins and you can't believe how lazy they are.”
Pals Margaret Taylor, 70, and Norma Sowerby, 73, said piles of litter left around the city infuriate them both.
“It's a big, big problem,” said Margaret, who lives in River Quarter, near High Street West. Down near some of the back lanes of the restaurants close to where I live, it's horrendous. If I see that cigarettes have been left close to my place, I go out and pick them up, but you can't do that all the time.”
Norma, of Downhill, added: “I don't think you can say it's just a problem in the city centre, it is all over Sunderland that it's an issue.
“If something can be done to improve things then all the better."
“There was this huge pent-up demand from so many years without new books,” said Dr. Ajmal Aazem, a pediatrician whose father founded the publishing house that bears their name. The Aazem company is publishing books as fast as it can, limited only by a shortage of qualified translators from English into local languages. Aazem's 2017-18 goal is to print three new titles a day, 1,100 a year — a huge number for any publisher.
The publishing house is festooned with life-size posters of recent book covers, and the bookshop is full of volumes in artfully arranged helical piles or displayed on the walls with English and Persian versions opening from right and left, side by side. The floor in the middle of the salesroom has been raised to accommodate the presses on the floor below, making a sort of platform with comfortable armchairs.
Because editing a book in its original language can be much faster than translating it, the bigger publishers have begun commissioning original work as well, for the first time in many years. Aksos has even started a sort of Afghan version of Amazon, selling books through its Facebook page and then delivering them the same day by couriers for the equivalent of about 50 cents a book in Kabul. Afghans often lack internet connections or personal computers at home, but educated young people usually have Facebook on their smartphones.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Piracy remains endemic. On a recent day, even some of the titles in Aksos' own busy, flagship bookstore were pirated copies of popular books.
Publishers are worried. “On a lot of our books, we'll sell 1,000 copies, and the pirates will sell 4,000 copies of the same book at lower prices,” Dr. Aazem said. “The government needs to do more to stop this.”
Government officials have started enforcing the country's long-ignored copyright laws, according to Sayed Fazel Hossain Sancharaki, who is in charge of publishing at the Ministry of Information and Culture. “In the last four months we've had four or five copyright cases,” they said. One photocopy shop was closed recently by the government for running off cheap copies of printed books.
Realizing that “The Envoy,” the 2016 memoir by Mr. Khalilzad, the Afghan-American who was the United States ambassador to both Afghanistan and Iraq, would be a big seller here, Mr. Aazem rushed to acquire the Dari and Pashto rights. They were determined to offer a better-quality book at a narrow markup and flood the market before the pirates could do so. But Aksos managed to print a Pashto version first, without rights to it, selling 1,000 copies in three days, they said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Nasiri, the owner of Aksos, which is also translating a new title every week or so, denied that their company printed pirated books. And he, also, complained about piracy. “We do have copyright law in Afghanistan, but no one seems to know that,” they said. “It's a big, serious problem.”
Aksos recently began commissioning original books, too, including “Baghdadi Pir,” a historical novel in Pashto about a British spy in the 1920s during the time of King Amanullah.
But the publisher's big sellers are self-help books, particularly in the how-to-get-rich genre. Ivanka Trump's “Women Who Work” is also popular in translation, particularly among female readers.
Mr. Nasiri admitted that their company's bookstores stock many pirated volumes, even if they do not pirate books themselves.
“We are actually against that, but since almost all books are pirated, we have no option but to accept pirated copies and sell them,” they said. “If we don't do that, it will make business hard for us. This is happening all over Asia.”
The most recent publishing sensation in Kabul also became its biggest piracy scandal: “Afghan Politics: The Inside Story,” a two-volume book set by Rangin Dadfar Spanta, former President Hamid Karzai's national security adviser and a Henry Kissinger-like figure here. Aazem Publishing sold thousands of copies in its first few weeks in print, though it is pricey by Afghan standards, at $15 a set. Its V.I.P.-studded book launch was held at the Fort of the Nine Towers in November, and an English translation is due from Aazem this year.
“We invested heavily in that book and printed it beautifully, then kept the cost as low as possible to defeat the pirates,” Dr. Aazem said. Promotional posters were distributed to bookstores, showing the avuncular Mr. Spanta, and billboard space and airtime were purchased to advertise it.
“Afghan Politics” was out for about a month, however, when an electronic file of the book began circulating on Afghan social media accounts.
Furious, the publishers at Aazem closed their doors in protest, hanging black curtains in all the windows and idling the presses until the government promised to pursue book pirates. They're still waiting.
SARASOTA, Fla. (AP) — Buck Showalter heard that Lance Lynn was pitching against the Orioles and knew he'd be changing their lineup.
The Baltimore manager wasn't concerned about the result of last week's Grapefruit League game against Minnesota, played hours after Lynn officially joined the team. But Showalter figured the right-hander might start when the Twins travel to Camden Yards for a three-game season-opening series later this month.
With that in mind, Showalter saw an opportunity.
Even in spring training, when wins and losses are meaningless, managers are always hunting for significant matchups. That's especially true along the Florida Gulf Coast, where all five AL East rivals train within about three hours of each other.
Picking and choosing spots for players has been key for Baltimore this spring because the Orioles play 14 of their first 17 regular season games against either division foes or the Twins, another regular spring opponent. When Minnesota signed Lynn to a free-agent deal a week ago Monday and announced them as the next day's starting pitcher against the Orioles, Showalter stacked their lineup with regulars like Manny Machado, Trey Mancini and Pedro Alvarez — a somewhat unusual move for a road spring training game.
Thing is, the O's are likely to see Lynn that first weekend of the season, and Baltimore's players are largely unfamiliar with them because he's been in the National League their whole career with St. Louis. The spring game was a valuable sneak peak at their stuff and delivery.
"That's why we got some of our guys over there," Showalter said.
They can only hope their Birds do better the next time they see Lynn. They struck out five in three hitless innings.
Showalter is also trying to shield their established starters from AL East rivals, keeping Dylan Bundy, Andrew Cashner, Kevin Gausman and Chris Tillman away from the Yankees, Red Sox, Rays, Twins and Blue Jays. It's no accident that Miguel Castro and Mike Wright Jr. have combined for four starts against those teams — they're in contention for the No. 5 starter spot, and Showalter wants to see how they fare against division opponents.
"We want to see them in that environment to evaluate them better," Showalter said.
This isn't groundbreaking territory from Showalter, of course. The AL East clubs along the Gulf Coast often manipulate their rosters to either align or avoid matchups. Former Yankees manager Joe Girardi was especially aggressive about that.
"We went a couple springs with Joe where we didn't see any of their starting pitchers," Showalter said.
Girardi was replaced this offseason by Aaron Boone, a first-time manager who spent 12 years as a major league infielder. They haven't been quite as selective as Girardi, but he's cognizant of the value in certain matchups based on their experience as a player.
"Any time you could see a pitcher that you're going to face, you kind of sign up for that," Boone said. "Especially someone you might see a lot."
Boone said balancing rosters isn't difficult in spring training because pitchers can always get in their work during simulated or minor league games. Luis Severino, Masahiro Tanaka and CC Sabathia have all taken turns in recent simulated games, and Showalter has done the same with Cashner and Gausman. It can actually be advantageous for the pitchers' workloads to stay on the backfields, too, because sim and minor league games are flexible on the rules.
Not that Showalter is going to stress too hard about all that. Considering the constant roster shuffle, the lack of competitiveness and the Gulf Coast winds, there's only so much advanced scouting to be done.
"Evaluating down here is a real challenge," Showalter said. "Spring's a big fooler on both sides of it.
"What does it really mean? Not that much."
___
Follow Jake Seiner on Twitter: https://twitter.com/jake_seiner
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Fifteen new jobs are to be created at Leeds based garage and recovery business, KD Bros, has acquired a new 2.5-acre site on Armley Road for an undisclosed sum.
The deal will support the company's growth plans by providing secure storage for 400 vehicles and a state of the art car and commercial garage.
The site will be operating on a 24/7 basis with a modern control centre and training facilities alongside its current city centre depot.
The business first opened as KD Bros and opened its doors in 1971 as a small workshop in Chapeltown, Leeds.
It has grown to become a leading garage and recovery business in West Yorkshire.
The KD Bros brand will be familiar to many who drive the region's motorways.
A fleet of 25 recovery vehicles operates across the region for private cars, LCV and HGV.
The business employs 30 staff and provides a full range of maintenance, servicing, MOT and Diagnostic services.
Harpal Singh said: “We are a fast growing business and it is important we have the space to meet our future plans.
“The new garage and training facilities will be state of the art and are ideally located to ring road and region's motorways.”
The site will compliment its 18,000 sq ft premises on Hope Road, just outside of the city centre. The brand includes West Yorkshire Police and Call Assist amongst its clients.
The company has a long-term partnership with accountants and business advisors, Hentons.
The firm has provided strategic advice that covers tax consultancy, accounts and advice on deals.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
MACON, Ga. — A Georgia woman has admitted making false threats to blow up daycare centres.
U.S. Attorney Charles Peeler in Macon said in a news release that 26-year-old Jasmine Bradley pleaded guilty Monday to conveying false information and perpetuating a hoax.
Prosecutors say Bradley used Facebook to make a bomb threat in April 2017 against the Child Care Network School in Macon, where they worked. The message said a bomb had been planted and someone would “blow up every little face in that centre tomorrow.”
Investigators determined Bradley had posted the threat. After they arrested them while they were at work at the school, they admitted making other threats to that daycare and others in the area.
They face up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.
Pastor Ashimolowo compels members to pay $1,000 dollars for each year they have lived on earth [VIDEO]
Nigerian highly placed cleric, founder and General Overseer of the Kingsway International Christian Center, KICC, Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo has shocked their viewers after they compelled their congregants to give a thousand dollars for every year each of them had lived on earth. Pastor Ashimolowo already is worth over $10 million. They demanded in a church […]
Pastor Ashimolowo compels members to pay $1,000 dollars for each year they have lived on earth [VIDEO]
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PLAYA VISTA — Patrick Beverley and Austin Rivers filled the Clippers' starting guard spots for their exhibition opener Sunday in Honolulu. Milos Teodosic and Lou Williams played reserve roles during the Clippers' 121-113 loss to the Toronto Raptors.
Beverley and Teodosic then started in a 98-84 victory over the Raptors on Tuesday. Williams came off the bench again and Rivers couldn't play because of a gluteus maximus injury suffered during Sunday's game.
Clippers coach Doc Rivers said Friday they have no plans to set a guard rotation. Beverley and Rivers could be the starters for the season-opening game Oct. 19, with Teodosic and Williams backing them up. Then again, it could be Beverley and Teodosic or Rivers and Teodosic.
Doc Rivers wished to make one thing clear, though.
“There will be no guard controversy this year, I can tell you that,” Rivers said before the Clippers' first practice since returning Wednesday from Hawaii. “We know what we're doing. We're going to play everybody. So, it's not a big deal, really.
“We've got four guards, and that's the way we're going to view it all year. All are terrific. All will play. What we can't have is one of them get injured. That's what we can't have, because then we're stretched. Those four guys are going to be really important to us, and they're going to play a lot.”
Austin Rivers played 30 minutes in the opener Sunday. Beverley and Williams each played 23 minutes and Teodosic played 25. Beverley played 25 minutes in the second game Tuesday, Teodosic played 24 minutes and Williams played 19.
Beverley and Rivers are capable of playing hybrid guard positions, with Teodosic a more natural point guard and Williams a gifted shooter. Williams would seem to be best suited to play in a reserve role, providing an offensive lift as a sixth man.
INJURY REPORT
Doc Rivers revealed for the first time that Austin, their son, had mononucleosis, which sidelined them for more than a month during the offseason. Austin Rivers was making good progress in their fitness until a glute injury knocked them out of Tuesday's game.
“Austin had a tough summer, with the mono,” Doc Rivers said. “That (glute injury) is one we have to be the most cautious with. Who knows? When you have mono does it lead to something else because you have exhaustion? So we don't know. It's a strange injury.
“We just have to monitor them carefully.”
Doc Rivers said Austin Rivers and Sam Dekker (oblique strain) won't play in the Clippers' exhibition Sunday against the Portland Trail Blazers at Staples Center. Danilo Gallinari also might not play because of a foot ailment.
“It's not serious, but we're going to act like it is serious,” Doc Rivers said of Gallinari.
GRIFFIN UPDATE
Blake Griffin said they suffered no setbacks during the Clippers' training camp at the University of Hawaii and no restrictions were placed on them after they underwent season-ending foot surgery during the playoffs last spring. They said their conditioning was not an issue, either.
“That was a point of emphasis for me during the summer, even when I wasn't able to run,” said Griffin, who had surgery on the plantar plate in their right big toe on May 1. “I was doing a lot of upper-body conditioning, stuff in the water, just trying to be creative to stay in as good a shape as possible.”
Said Rivers: “He felt great, moved great, they look like Blake.”
OPEN PRACTICE
The Clippers will hold a free practice for fans Tuesday at USC's Galen Center. The doors will open at 5:45 p.m., and the workout is expected to last until 7. Go to www.nba.com/clippers/openpractice to RSVP.
Olympic champion Ruth Beitia of Spain has received the international fair play award for their sportsmanship during the high jump competition at the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) World Championships here.
The Spaniard, who won the gold medal at last year's Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, was given the prize after they consoled Italian athlete Alessia Trost when they failed to qualify for the final.
The 23-year-old was visibly emotional after they were unable to progress.
Trost had endured a torrid build-up to the event after both their mother and coach passed away before the Championships.
Beitia, who finished in 12th place, received their award from the International Fair Play Committee (CIFP) and the IAAF prior to the start of the last evening of competition here.
"I would like to thank the IAAF and its President Sebastian Coe, as well as all the members who have chosen me for the Fair Play award," the 38-year-old Spaniard, also a three-time European champion, said.
"I feel very proud, very happy.
"I have devoted 32 years to this sport and it has shown me that it creates values.
"On the track you just have to be the same person that you truly are.
"What I did here, I would do it over and over again.
"Anytime I can assist any of my team-mates I am there for them."
The CIFP, in conjunction with the IAAF, has honoured track and field athletes at each edition of the IAAF World Championships since the 2003 event in Paris.
Previous winners of the fair play award include Britain's triple jump world record holder Jonathan Edwards, two-time long jump world champion Mike Powell of the United States and 2004 Olympic hammer throw gold medallist Koji Murofushi of Japan, who is the now the sports director at Tokyo 2020.
A USDA program to help farmers with mental health issues was authorized a decade ago but never funded. Now the U.S. Senate is proposing $2 million for the initiative.
Compared to the general population, farmers and ranchers are seven times more likely to take their own lives, a possible result of social isolation, financial stress and a dearth of mental health services in rural areas. So far, 2018 hasn't done agricultural producers any favors. Prices for soybeans, corn and wheat have slumped. Median farm incomes for 2018 are expected to dip to negative-$1,316. A trade war brewing between the United States and China has prompted the Chinese to threaten tariffs on some of Texas' most dominant agricultural commodities. And farmers' mental health woes could be exacerbated by the state's dismal rural health care infrastructure.
But there's good news on the horizon. That's because Congress is now considering actually funding the program it set up a decade ago to connect farmers contemplating suicide with mental health services. The U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee included in its USDA-FDA spending bill for 2019 up to $2 million for the Farm and Ranch Stress Assistance Network, a program that could connect potentially suicidal farmers with mental health professionals, support groups, community outreach programs and other services.
“The Committee is deeply concerned by the high rate of suicides among agriculture workers, which is the highest overall suicide rate among all occupations according to the Department of Health and Human Services,” the bill's text reads. The money would be disbursed by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture through competitive grants from state agriculture departments, universities and nonprofits.
Texan farmers and ranchers operate almost exclusively in rural parts of the state, where access to health care is abysmal. In the state's nearly 200 rural counties, there are only 1.8 psychiatrists per 100,000 residents, about half of the national rural average of 3.4 and a fraction of the 8.4 in large metros. Rural Texans on average have a much higher rate of suicide than folks in metro areas, and a 2016 analysis by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that people who work in the farming, forestry and fishing industries are seven times more likely to kill themselves than the general population.
The premise of the Farm and Ranch Stress Assistance Network — to send money to states and nonprofits in an attempt to slow the rate of farmer suicides — isn't a new one. The program was first pitched as part of the 2008 Farm Bill, an occasional omnibus proposal encompassing the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, land conservation initiatives and other initiatives, but Congress never funded the program. (The network wasn't even included in the 2014 Farm Bill.) Legislators from both chambers are currently working up their 2018 versions of the bill, and this time around, it looks like the the stress assistance network could actually get funded.
If it does, it'll mark the completion of a decade-long push to secure help for farmers grappling with depression and other mental health problems, said Minnesota Representative Tom Emmer, a Republican who this year introduced legislation to reauthorize the network. For farmers, suicidal ideation can be triggered by financial woes, natural disasters, isolation and a myriad of other factors, but “this is not something that's widely known within the general population,” they said.
“There's no reason why [funds] shouldn't have been appropriated back in 2008. This should not have been an issue,” said Emmer, who added that Texas Representative Mike Conaway, a Republican from Midland and the Farm Bill's chief author, has been “more than supportive.” Conaway's office forwards questions regarding the Farm Bill to House Committee on Agriculture, which on Tuesday did not return a request for comment.
Funding the program is not yet a done deal. The proposal must still pass the full Senate and survive negotiations with members of the House, some of whom have brought the larger Farm Bill discussions to a standstill in recent weeks. But the proposal is at the very least a good omen, said Andrew Jerome, communications director at the National Farmers Union, which pushed last month to get the network funded.
“This funding is a step in the right direction,” Jerome said.
Need help? In the United States, call 1-800-273-8255 for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.
Rain plays havoc with baseball schedules; Franklin County native leads team into NCAA baseball regional
| By
It's rained a lot lately – everyone knows that – and its played havoc with home games for both the Lynchburg Hillcats and the Salem Red Sox. And Franklin County native Gary Gilmore coached Coastal Carolina to an NCAA Division 1 baseball championship two years ago – now the Myrtle Beach area school will host an NCAA regional:
WPLY-MIN
Get Familiar: Black Intelligence – A Quest For Love Ft. Lato, Gemini & Greo
Black Intelligence is a seasoned Hip Hop producer who has worked with rap heavyweights in Nigeria including ModeNine & Boogey.
They bring three emcees, Lato, Gemini & Greo together on “A Quest For Love and they tell their undying love tale for Hip Hop against all odds.
Enjoy!
The post Get Familiar: Black Intelligence – A Quest For Love Ft. Lato, Gemini & Greo appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
On last night's Game of Thrones, we got several blasts from the past. The most important of which had a blink and you miss it reveal.
Doing their best ninja impression, Arya skulked in the shadows to learn the latest bit of Littlefinger machinations as they were delivered a mysterious note. When Arya got the chance to read it, what they found was a callback right to the first season of the show. You know, when Ned Stark was alive and well, and Sean Bean was gainfully employed.
BE YE WARNED: SPOILERS FOR LAST NIGHT'S GAME OF THRONES AND A WHOLE BUNCH OF DEATHS FROM THE PAST SEASONS FOLLOW
The letter that Arya discovered was written when Ned was being held in the dungeons of Kings Landing. Sansa wrote it to their mother (now dead) and brother Rob (now dead), asking them to bend the knee to Joffery (also, now dead). It might seem out of character for Sansa to write such a letter, but they did so because Cersei promised to brand them a traitor like their father if they didn't. Sansa also wrote the letter in the hopes of gaining leniency for their father — a plan that almost worked until Joffery decided to be a dingus.
How did Littlefinger know about this letter? Because they were there when they wrote it.
Maester Luwin (now dead), who was the record keeper in Winterfell, kept a copy of the letter that was sent North. The fact that Littlefinger could still uncover it (Luwin died at the end of season 2), is impressive, considering that the castle was taken over by both the Greyjoys and the Boltons in that time, neither party seemingly the kind to be super into making sure a million little scraps of paper were kept in order.
Regardless, Littlefinger found the note — which on the surface makes Sansa look like a traitor to the North — and, as viewers soon learned in a yet another reveal, planted it away in their chambers hoping for the not-nearly-as-sneaky-as-she-thinks Arya to find it.
Now if Arya just talked to their sister or, you know, their brother who now has the mind gem embedded in their forehead and can see everything, they could probably figure out that Littlefinger is playing them
But given the icy relationship the two sisters have had since their reunion, we aren't keeping our hopes up.
By Blessings Mashaya
Disaffected war veterans who have been feuding with President Robert Mugabe since the parties' highly publicised fall-out last year, are once again needling their former patron by throwing their weight behind the quest by opposition parties to establish a grand coalition ahead of next year's eagerly-awaited national polls.
This comes as former Vice President Joice Mujuru, who now leads the opposition Zimbabwe People First (ZPF), announced last Friday that the mooted opposition alliance meant to turf Mugabe out of power would be sealed by year end.
Mugabe and the seriously unhappy former freedom fighters have been exchanging brickbats since their stunning fall-out in July last year, when the ex-combatants issued a damning communiqué to end their decades-long relationship with the increasingly frail nonagenarian, dating back to the days of the country's liberation struggle in the 1970s.
Speaking to the Daily News yesterday, Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association (ZNLWVA) spokesperson, Douglas Mahiya, said they were fully behind the formation of a grand coalition alliance because they also felt that this would work in the interest of long-suffering ordinary Zimbabweans.
“Our message for 2018 is that people must be free to choose anyone they want, who they think is a good leader. That's, after all, what we fought for.
“As long as the coalition is going to represent the suffering masses of Zimbabwe, we are going to support it. But what we don't need are people who create a special class so that they will enjoy life while people are suffering,” the forthright Mahiya said.
“Zanu PF has created a bourgeois class which is enjoying life while people are struggling to get food and that is not good for our country. As you know, all our people suffered to liberate this country,” they added.
“We have declared 2017 as a year of engagement with everyone. As I told you before, we are now working for the people of Zimbabwe. So, we don't belong to a certain group of people.
“We want even to speak to the president to tell them the real poverty situation affecting the majority of Zimbabweans. However, we know that we will be not able to get to them for now because of some people who surround him.
“So, due to this fact, we don't look forward to meeting with the president,” Mahiya said.
Last Friday, Mujuru — who was ruthlessly purged from the warring Zanu PF in late 2014, together with their close allies who included liberation stalwarts such as Rugare Gumbo and Didymus Mutasa, on untested claims of plotting to oust and assassinate Mugabe — assured Zimbabweans that the mooted opposition alliance would be in place by the end of 2017.
“We agree with the sentiments which we gathered from the interactive discussions we had with the people during our nation-wide tour. Your message was loud and clear, that it's time for Mugabe to leave office.
“We also take heed of your strong conviction for the need that opposition parties should form a grand coalition to effect change in the regime and bring about a new way that puts people first.
“As ZPF, we believe a grand coalition should not only quantify votes, but should bring our people together. It should be a process capable of fostering convergence and national healing.
“A process of such magnitude should also be people-driven and guided by the need to build like-minded synergies among various stakeholders,” Mujuru said in their end-of-year statement.
In the meantime, political analysts have warned that without war veterans, it would be difficult for Mugabe and Zanu PF to retain power in the 2018 elections.
Speaking in the run-up to Zanu PF's annual conference last month, Mugabe tried to heal the rift with the angry former freedom fighters by offering them cash, land and cars.
But a defiant Mahiya said yesterday that the war veterans would not be swayed by Mugabe's overtures, insisting that they would not also campaign for the Zanu PF leader.
“We read in the papers that Zanu PF is trying to lure us back to the party through buying us cars and giving us material things, but we never went to war for such material things.
“There are people who are benefiting from the current corruption in the government and those people want to maintain the status quo. But in 2018, the people's vote must and will be respected.
“In 2018 people must not listen to anyone who is corrupt. Povo yatambura muZimbabwe (ordinary people are suffering terribly in Zim) and we always say that we (war vets) are now referees and that any political party that wants to reverse the gains of the liberation struggle through failing to listen to the people must be thrown into the dustbins of politics,” Mahiya said in a barb aimed at Zanu PF.
Since serving their divorce papers on Mugabe, the liberation struggle fighters have gone on to say openly that the nonagenarian's continued stay in power is now a stumbling block to the country's development, adding, almost churlishly, that the nonagenarian would also be “a hard-sell” if they contested the watershed 2018 presidential elections.
And yet, war veterans had served as Mugabe's and Zanu PF's political power dynamos for decades, playing particularly significant roles to keep the nonagenarian on the throne in the hotly-disputed 2000 and 2008 national elections which were both marred by serious violence and the murder of hundreds of opposition supporters.
In last year's Norton by-election, which was won by an independent candidate and former Zanu PF Mashonaland West provincial chairperson, Temba Mliswa, the disgruntled vets worked with the opposition, dishing out an ominous warning to Mugabe and their divided party in terms of their bigger intention to put spanners in the works of Zanu PF in 2018.
Analysts have consistently said that a united opposition, fighting with one purpose, would bring to an end Mugabe's long rule — especially at this time when the country's economy is dying and the increasingly frail nonagenarian is battling to keep their warring Zanu PF united.
Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai and Mujuru have been working behind the scenes to form an electoral pact which includes some of the smaller political outfits.
Sources close to the ongoing coalition manoeuvres confirmed to the Daily News last week that there was now “an agreement in principle” between Mujuru and Tsvangirai about the two working together — with talks with another opposition leader, Welshman Ncube apparently set to be concluded soon.
Tsvangirai and Mujuru are part of the 18 opposition parties which have coalesced under the banner of the National Electoral Reform Agenda (Nera), and which has recently scored a psychological victory by forcing the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (Zec) to include them in committees tasked with working on the 2018 election preparatory works.
Since Mujuru joined hands with Tsvangirai and marched with them in the streets of Gweru in August last year — in a rare public display of unity among the opposition — there have been growing calls by fed up citizens for the formation of a grand opposition alliance.
Mugabe — the only leader Zimbabweans have known since the country gained independence from Britain in 1980 — is facing the biggest challenge to their 36-year-rule.
Their government is struggling to pay civil servants, amid a deepening economic crisis which includes falling revenues and horrendous job losses — with public sector salary dates now as elastic and as unpredictable as the discarded Zimbabwe dollar.
As it is, many civil servants and hard-pressed State pensioners will only be paid their December 2016 salaries this month. Daily News
Chris Brown is now accused of getting into a brawl when they got into it with a photographer at a club in Tampa during an appearance they had. Management says their in-house photographer was taking some pics when Chris and their entourage arrived around 1:30 AM … but Chris' team shut them down, saying no photos. So later while Chris was in the DJ booth, the photographer said they were taking crowd shots(from behind Chris) and when Chris noticed all hell broke loose. Chris supposedly jumped over a couch and punched them in the face while they were cornered. Cops were called, but Chris had left by the time they arrived. Check out the video below!
-Ya Chica #IvyUnleashed
@IvyPower96
14:14 Reported News Briefs Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 Las Vegas shooter may have planned car bombings, other attacks Read more Officials say Stephen Paddock led 'secret life', may have planned series of attacks including car bombing. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Ever since last November's election night, millions in America and around the world have wondered what happened to Hillary Clinton, who was widely expected to become the first woman president of the United States.
In fact, nearly everyone in the business of politics thought they would win –-including many of Trump's own people.
So: How did they lose?
Providing that answer is the mission accepted by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes in Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign. It is by no means the last word on 2016, but Allen and Parnes must be regarded as early front-runners in the race to make sense of it all.
They saw and heard far more than most of us, exploring deep inside "Clintonworld" in search of the real story. And in these pages, they share enough of what they witnessed to enable us to reach our own conclusions.
There is no Big Reveal, no shocking secret answer. Instead we get a slow-building case against the concept and execution of the Clinton campaign, with plenty of fault falling squarely on the candidate herself.
Far from a juggernaut, the campaign we see in these pages is plagued with division, unease and anxiety practically from the outset. When things go right, it only means they are soon to go terribly wrong. Win a primary, lose a caucus. Quash a rumor, see three more goes viral. Close one wound and find another torn open again.
Among those wounds, the first cut is the deepest. The email stories that began in March 2015 never go away. First, it's Clinton's own private server, then the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and the endless email dump stolen from campaign chairperson John Podesta. Email becomes the cyber-incubus the campaign cannot shed.
Whether anyone with Trump connections was colluding or complicit in the Wikileaks-Russian caper or not, the continual media focus on email issues could scarcely have been more convenient for the Trump campaign.
The authors also see lasting damage inflicted by their Democratic-primary rival Bernie Sanders' challenge from the left. Sanders' rather quixotic campaign not only tested Clinton, it played perfectly into Trump's own critique of "crooked Hillary" and their tactic of tying them to globalism and Wall Street.
"For both sides, Hillary was the perfect symbol of everything that was wrong with America," the authors conclude. "At times, Trump and Sanders would act as the right and left speakers of a stereo blaring a chorus on repeat: Hillary's a corrupt insider who has helped rig the political and economic systems in favor of the powerful."
But in the end, Allen and Parnes contend, the worst blows Clinton suffered were self-inflicted. If the controversies and corruption memes came to define her, they write, it was largely because they never managed to define herself.
The Clinton we see here seems uniquely qualified for the highest office and yet acutely ill-suited to winning it. Something about their nature, at its best and its worst, continually inhibits them Them struggle to escape their caricature only contributes to it.
Clinton kept questioning staff why they were losing working-class whites, their most loyal voters in 2008. "Why aren't they with me?" they asked during the 2016 primaries. "Why can't we bring them on board?' "
Such uncertainty is a recurring theme. The book begins with Clinton searching for the right notes for their announcement speech, and it ends as they wrestle with a concession speech they never expected to give.
In fact, the book often dwells on their problematic speech prep. All major politicians have ghostwriters, but Clinton had panels of them. Writers, consultants, script doctors and kibitzers crawl over every page and paragraph of their scripts — sometimes until just minutes before delivery.
Where exactly is the candidate themselves in all this messaging mélange? Do they have something they really wants to say? Everyone agrees they have plans for every policy problem in the world, but voters want to know what's inside you. And they also want to know what's in it for them.
The tone of the Allen-Parnes narrative is unsparing but not unsympathetic, noting campaign flaws and missteps without rue or recrimination. Having collaborated on a book-length profile of Clinton in 2014, the authors extended their research and sources for this insider account. We can readily imagine them setting out to write a very different book about the first woman president.
Instead, the authors often seem to be shaking their heads at the unforced errors, internal squabbles and media scrutiny that did in that dream. "Hillary distributed power so broadly that none of their aides or advisors had control of the whole apparatus," they write.
We learn that campaign manager Robby Mook, the wunderkind whose heart belongs to data, pushes voter modeling and analytics and models, while pinching pennies on everything else. They clash with more senior aides who want to invest in more conventional polling, field organizers and yard signs. They also cross swords with campaign chairperson John Podesta, who is twice their age and steeped in official Washington, an intimate advisor to both Clintons and President Obama.
We also feel the widely shared exasperation with Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton's longtime confidante. Abedin shields their boss from campaign stress, but also reinforces their penchant for privacy. The mystery of Abedin represents what is remote about Clinton herself.
To be sure, such infighting has enlivened accounts of past campaigns, especially in the bestseller Game Change, Mark Halperin and John Heilemann's best-seller about the political personality wars of 2008. But those personalities were more compelling and telegenic, calling out to turn themselves into the TV movie they became. (We may well see more of that sort of character when we turn to the internal tale of the Trump team.)
This volume may not belong on the same shelf with the series of Theodore H. White classics (The Making of the President) from decades ago, or the quadrennial volumes by reporters Jules Witcover and Jack Germond, or the novelistic What It Takes by Richard Ben Cramer.
But Allen and Parnes offer a first bridge beyond the journalism of the campaign year to the scholarship of the historians and other scholars who will process all this material for generations to come.
Clinton could hold on to enough of the contemporary Democratic Party to beat back Sanders and win the popular vote in November. But they had no answer to the populist appeal Trump enjoyed among white males and non-college working people in general. Them extraordinary career prepared them to be president, but not to understand ordinary Americans.
Ultimately, Allen and Parnes get inside the campaign but not inside the mind of Hillary Clinton. Much the same seems to have been true for most of their staff and, ultimately, the voters. Maybe we never really know the person we send to the White House, but we usually think we do. With Clinton, we never quite got there.
SOUTH ELGIN, Ill. — A suburban Chicago police officer fatally shot a man who fired at officers, wounding three, during an overnight standoff.
The officers' injuries were not life threatening.
The Chicago Tribune reports the standoff began late Tuesday when police were called to a home in South Elgin, about 40 miles (65 kilometres) northwest of Chicago, for a report of shots fired.
Police Sgt. Mike Doty says at least two shotgun blasts were fired at officers as they approached. Police surrounded the building and evacuated neighbouring homes.
Officers began negotiating with the man, who barricaded themselves in a stairwell. Police believed they were armed with a scoped rifle as well as the shotgun.
Police say an officer shot and killed the unidentified man after they fired at police again around 2:30 a.m. Wednesday.
Bollywood filmmaker Karan Johar has extended their heartfelt wishes to Hum Saath Saath Hai actor Sonali Bendre after they revealed that they have been diagnosed with high-grade cancer that has been metastasised. Extending their warm wishes to the actor, Karan wished their Godspeed, love and strength. They further called the actor a true fighter and a solid soul.
After Hum Saath Saath Hai actor Sonali Bendre, on July 4, revealed that they have been diagnosed with high-grade cancer that has been metastised and is currently undergoing treatment for the same in New York, Bollywood filmmaker Karan Johar extended their warm wishes on Twitter. In their tweet, Karan wrote that they wish godspeed, love and strength to them and called them a true fighter and a solid soul. Workwise, the duo has previously worked together in Shah Rukh Khan, Saif Ali Khan and Preity Zinta starrer Kal Ho Na Ho.
Sonali Bendre diagnosed with ‘high-grade' cancer, being treated in New York
Godspeed ,love and strength to a true fighter and a solid soul!!!❤️❤️❤️ https://t.co/fvUOpD9ubW — Karan Johar (@karanjohar) July 4, 2018
Sonali Bendre diagnosed with high-grade cancer, Twitterati shocked
Along with Karan Johar, Bollywood actors Ileana D'Cruz, Patralekhaa, Shruti Haasan and Rajkummar Rao wished for their speedy recovery. In their statement, Sonali stated that a niggling pain led to some tests, which revealed that they are suffering from high-grade cancer. Speaking about how their family and close friends have stood by their side in this difficult time, Sonali stated that they provided them with the best support system that anyone can ask for. They added that they are very blessed and thankful to each of them.
High-grade cancer compels Sonali Bendre to quit India's Best Dramebaaz
Sending you strength and love! ♥️ — Ileana D'Cruz (@Ileana_Official) July 4, 2018
Sonali Ma'am wishing you a speedy recovery. Praying for you and your family! — Patralekhaa (@Patralekhaa9) July 4, 2018
Wishing you a speedy recovery ma'am. Sending you all my love and prayers. — Rajkummar Rao (@RajkummarRao) July 4, 2018
Sending you love and prayers — shruti haasan (@shrutihaasan) July 4, 2018
As the diva undergoes treatment for the same in New York, Sonali stated that the only way to tackle the cancer is to take swift and immediate action. They added that they remain optimistic and is determined to fight it through at every step of the way. Earlier this week, Sonali Bendre stepped down as the judge of Zee TV's reality show titled India's Best Dramebaaz due to an unforeseen personal reason.
Known for their spectacular performances in films like Diljale, Hum Saath Saath Hai, Sarfarosh, Zakhm and Kal Ho Na Ho, Sonali Bendre is undoubtedly one of the most graceful and talented actors of Bollywood.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — One of the many quirks at Erin Hills is what was originally called the Bye Hole — a devilish, downhill par-3 positioned between the old ninth and No. 10. It was initially built to be just for fun and wasn't supposed to count on the official scorecard.
By the end of the U.S. Open, a lot of these players might wish the course architects had kept it that way.
The old ninth hole is now No. 8, and the Bye Hole is now No. 9. The 135-yard par-3 is what the makers of Erin Hills consider their answer to one of the world's most picturesque golf holes — the short, downhill seventh at Pebble Beach.
"We didn't have the ocean, so we put in erosion bunkers," said writer/architect Ron Whitten, who helped design Erin Hills.
They also designed a rolling, multi-sectioned green that, in places, is near-impossible to hold, along with a tee box on an exposed, wind-swept hill.
As is the case at Pebble Beach, where the seventh measures 109 yards, on most days the shot requires nothing more than a pitching wedge. But where No. 7 at Pebble Beach ranked as the third-easiest hole at the 2010 U.S. Open, No. 9 at Erin Hills is designed to cause more trouble than that.
"Honestly, there are a couple spots where you just do not want to be," said Garrett Osborn, a onetime regular on the Web.com Tour who qualified for their first U.S. Open this year.
No. 9 has been described — and we'll keep it just to the printable things — as the shortest par-5 in golf, the hole with the scariest second shot at Erin Hills (if you miss the green on the first) and, as Alex Noren of Sweden said, "a hole where there's no way you can just hit a decent shot to get on there, you have to hit a super-good shot to have a chance."
During their practice round Wednesday, Noren tried to simulate what happens if the shot is not "super good."
They randomly dropped a ball in one of the seven bunkers that surround the severely pitched green. They stepped in, leaned down and took a mighty hack. The ball stayed in. They leaned down again and got it out on the second try, then walked to the ball, picked it up, looked at it and threw it toward the stands. The ball had an inch-long gash just above the Callaway logo from their first failed attempt.
Not that avoiding the bunkers guarantees success. The middle of the putting surface pitches severely right and funnels downhill into a tightly mowed collection area that can leave a tricky flop shot for a second.
"Guys are going to get a little upset with that if the ball hits the middle of the green and it rolls all the way off the green and maybe 10 yards down into a chipping area," Steve Stricker said. "I think at some point that may need to get a little softened."
Rain might do that, but during summer in Wisconsin, rain almost always means wind, too, and picking a club while playing downhill with a helping or crossing wind will be hard.
Osborn said they expect more players than not to end up short of the green, in part because the bunkers that guard the back are tougher — filled with uneven lies, uneven distribution of sand and little dimples of scrub and turf that protrude into the traps themselves.
All part of the plan.
"You could have a side-hill lie, a lie that might be in one of those little fingers where you can't even get the club on the ball," Whitten said. "You might have a lie where you can't take the club back. You might have to turn sideways or turn backward.
"But if you were in the water, it'd be even worse."
No. 9 offers the most extreme example of the architects' philosophy across the course: Use the natural form of the land to turn bunkers back into hazards.
"They shouldn't be so cushy and consistent and uniform from hole to hole," Whitten said.
The bunkering will increase the degree of difficulty on what is already the longest layout in U.S. Open history, at 7,741 yards.
And yet, it's the shortest hole that could give these players the biggest fits.
"Not super long," Noren said, "but it's probably one of the hardest greens I've ever seen."
(WFLA) – Check out the Friday Night Blitz play of the week highlight in the video above.
An old tip drill on a pass from Hardee's Kai Washington into the hands of their receiver Dylan Davis for the touchdown is our Play of the Week.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
The reaction online to Woolwich con artist Grace Akintaro who scammed men out of money on Match dating site is very …
News Shopper
When a Woolwich fraudster who scammed seven men out of more than £100,000 in online dating schemes was convicted, there was a lot of reaction on social media. Surprisingly a lot of it wasn't to condemn Grace Akintaro, but instead from people asking for …
and more »
The morning after Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens announced they were resigning, Republican U.S. Senate hopeful Josh Hawley was in Springfield highlighting their endorsement from the political arm of Missouri Right to Life, the state's top anti-abortion group.
The attorney general's apparent aim was to reach out to social conservatives – and quickly change the subject from the political cloud that Greitens' sex scandal has cast over Missouri Republicans for months.
That move fits in with the advice offered by former state Republican Party chairperson John Hancock.
“There's no question but that a lot of the grassroots were divided on how they felt about things,” Hancock said. “So I think Job One for candidates is to get the base to coalesce and unite.”
Missouri Democrats have a similar task. But a debate already is underway on how hard to continue to hammer away at Greitens' missteps.
St. Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson, for example, touched off a Twitter frenzy over their initial Tweet posted within minutes after Greitens' news conference in Jefferson City:
I thank the governor for their service. I know this was a hard decision. My hope is that we get back to working for the people and doing the business of the state. — Mayor Lyda Krewson (@LydaKrewson) May 29, 2018
Critics swiftly blasted the mayor for being tone-deaf about the gravity of Greitens' alleged misdeeds. Among other things, they had been accused of invasion of privacy by taking a semi-nude photo of a woman with whom they were having an affair without their permission
The blow-back against Krewson was so heavy that they felt compelled to explain themselves by sending out a series of more tweets.
It is said that the road to hell is paved with good intention. Yesterday, I posted a tweet intended to begin the healing needed from inexcusable, embarrassing, and disgusting actions of Governor Eric Greitens. It was well intended but missed the mark! (1/4) — Mayor Lyda Krewson (@LydaKrewson) May 30, 2018
I probably should have left civility at the door and said, thank goodness Governor Greitens got the message that violating the trust of their family, their supporters, their staff and the voters is inexcusable. I should have said, it's about time and overdue. (2/4) — Mayor Lyda Krewson (@LydaKrewson) May 30, 2018
But I considered the victims—the woman whom they assaulted - is wife and children - their many supporters who believed in them - and the people of the State of Missouri, who rightly expected that their Governor would comport themselves honorably. (3/4) — Mayor Lyda Krewson (@LydaKrewson) May 30, 2018
Let there be no doubt, I condemn Eric Greitens behavior. I do not celebrate their downfall, but I am hopeful that we can begin a new chapter with Governor Mike Parson. (4/4) — Mayor Lyda Krewson (@LydaKrewson) May 30, 2018
Such episodes, by Krewson and Hawley, exemplify some of the challenges for Missouri candidates and politicians as they shift into a post-Greitens political world.
At least that's the opinion of Dave Robertson, head of the political science department at the University of Missouri-St. Louis.
“Republicans face the danger of overlooking the permanent scars that Greitens left on their political party,'' Robertson said.
“Democrats risk the assumption that Greitens left nothing but scars.”
The chief target of national and state Republicans in Missouri is U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill, the state's top remaining Democrat. Hancock said their survival, or defeat, could well determine which party controls the U.S. Senate in 2019.
McCaskill has accused Hawley of being too soft in their office's own investigations of Greitens. Hawley, in turn, has asserted that she's talked of little else.
Although outside pro-McCaskill groups are still running ads against Hawley that try to link them to Greitens, the senator themselves has sought to promote other topics – notably healthcare and veterans issues – in their recent appearances around the state.
The two are likely to resume their disagreements on certain social issues – notably access to abortion and contraception – in the coming weeks.
And top national figures in both parties are stopping by.
McCaskill recently enjoyed a supportive visit by fellow Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey.
Hawley, meanwhile, recently got some campaign help from Sen. Tom Cotton, a Republican from Arkansas.
And the attorney general may be about to get another boost from President Donald Trump, who headlined a fundraiser in Frontenac in March for Hawley. The New York Times reports that Missouri is among six states on Trump's summer tour that backed them in 2016, but have Democrats in the U.S. Senate.
Follow Jo on Twitter: @jmannies
TORONTO, ON – The Ontario Ministry of Transportation is implementing electronic single trip permits for oversize/overweight vehicles beginning Monday, August 14.
If permit holders choose to carry an electronic version of the permit, it has to be downloaded to a handheld device or tablet before departure – or printed as a hard copy, the ministry notes. Cellular coverage, after all, can be limited in certain areas.
Those who choose to carry and surrender an electronic permit must also agree to hand over the hand-held device or tablet when requested by police or other ministry-appointed personnel carrying out provisions under the Ontario Highway Traffic Act. They must also, on request, email the permit to the officer.
General News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: ghananewsagency.org
2017-10-07
A legal expert, Dr Raymond Atuguba
Dr. Raymond A. Atuguba, a Senior Law Lecturer at the Faculty of Law, University of Ghana, has urged Parliament not to accept the Special Prosecutor Bill again.
They said under the current constitutional dispensation, no prosecutor in Ghana could be legally independent; emphasizing that, “again under our current constitutional dispensation, no prosecutor can be legally settled”.
“Any attempt to pass a law that establishes the Office of a Prosecutor that purports to be special and or independent does not only do violence to article 88 of our constitution, but will not pass constitutional master in the Supreme Court,” Dr. Atuguba stated in their presentation at the Centre for Social Democracy (CSD) Ghana's Public Forum on “Parliamentary Oversight and Good Governance”, in Accra.
The forum was organised by the CSD – Ghana, in partnership with the Political Science Department of the University of Ghana, with support from the Friedrich Ebert Stiftung.
Dr. Atuguba said Parliament must be congratulated for sending the Bill for the establishment of the Special Prosecutor back to where it came from.
“Parliament must be bold enough to tell the Executive that wasting time and resources on drafting a bill that would be death on arrival in Parliament was causing financial loss to the State,” they said.
“Every prosecutor in Ghana is within the limit of article 88 of the 1992 Constitution; under the prosecutorial discretion, prosecutorial direction and prosecutorial control of the Attorney General,” they stated.
“Such a prosecutor is dependent on the Attorney General and can never be independent.
“Again every prosecutor in Ghana is given a charter by the Attorney General to prosecute. When Dr Ben Kunbuor was the Attorney General, I went to them for a charter to allow the Forestry Commission to prosecute.”
Dr. Atuguba said: “The so-called Special Prosecutor cannot, therefore, have special prosecutorial powers. These powers are given to everyone including SSNIT, NECO and the rest. So the so-called Independent Special Prosecutor is dependent and ordinary.
“The 1992 constitution is the fundamental law of the land. That law has vested all prosecutorial powers in one woman, the Attorney General; until an amendment of the constitution, there is no iota of prosecutorial powers left anywhere to be given to anybody.
“And so, Parliament itself is constitutionally constrained from giving prosecutorial powers to an Independent Special Prosecutor, because Parliament cannot just do that, those powers have already being vested in one woman.”
Dr. Atuguba appealed to the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs and Majority Leader, to live by their accolade and stop the Independent Special Prosecutor's Bill from even returning to Parliament.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Body-camera footage released by a North Carolina police department shows a man had their arms raised to their side just before officers fatally shot them last month.
The video was among five released Friday by Charlotte-Mecklenburg police.
Officers can be heard on the video yelling at Rueben Galindo to drop a gun they said they were holding in their left hand before shots were fired Sept. 6.
Days after the shooting, attorney George Laughrun told The Charlotte Observer that Galindo pointed the gun at Officer David Guerra before officers shot them outside their apartment building. Guerra and another officer are on administrative leave.
It was nearly one year prior to that shooting that a Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officer shot and killed Keith Lamont Scott, setting off two days of violent protest.
StatePoint
If you signed up for a new Medicare plan during Open Enrollment, it's important to understand how your prescription drug costs may be affected. Even if you did nothing to alter your coverage, some features of your plan may have changed for 2017.
Unfortunately, almost one-in-five Medicare beneficiaries don't have a good understanding of their plan, and a good portion have some misconceptions about co-pays, according to a recent survey by Walgreens.
Here are three easy steps to help you make the most of your benefits and find potential cost-savings for your prescription medications under your Part D coverage.
Think Generic
When possible, consider using a less expensive prescription drug brand or generic. These alternatives typically carry the same formulas at a reduced cost, saving patients substantially over time.
Preferred Pharmacies
Verify whether your plan has preferred pharmacies—which are pharmacies that have an agreement with a Part D plan to charge less than a standard network pharmacy. For example, Walgreens, which is a preferred pharmacy for many of the nation's top plans, can help lower the cost of your co-pays, even to $0 in the case of Tier 1 generics on certain plans.
“Depending on the design of your plan, coverage, and prescription drugs, you can pay higher co-pays at one pharmacy in comparison to another if your pharmacy is not in your plan's preferred network! So, choosing the right pharmacy is definitely important,” says Mariah Moon, the blogger behind “The Simple Parent,” who recently wrote about helping their mother research their options for lowering their drug costs as part of the #PartDAtWalgreens campaign.
90-Day Refills
“My pharmacist told me that many physicians are willing to write 90-day prescriptions for many of the medications that seniors are often prescribed. This not only saves time by requiring fewer trips to the pharmacy, but also may save copay costs,” says Shelley Webb, a registered nurse and founder of “The Intentional Caregiver,” who cared for their father in their home for four years and was recently sponsored by Walgreens to share tips about saving on prescription costs with their readers.
Medicare beneficiaries seeking help to navigate prescription drug costs can find free resources at walgreens.com.
If you didn't review your plan before renewing, it's not too late to become a savvy consumer and learn more. Doing so can help you save money.
Ambode's wife seeks women empowerment, capacity devt
WIFE of the Governor of Lagos State, Mrs. Bolanle Ambode, has admonished women on the need to seek economic empowerment, noting that empowerment will guarantee stable income, which will help them to be focused and committed to their most cherished ideals.
Ambode stated this at the recently concluded All Sisters Regional Conference of The Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) Region 19, Ogba Lagos, with the theme, “Occupy Till I come”. They advised women not to entirely depend on their husbands for survival, noting that having sustainable source of income will also make them better Christians. “While we occupy, it is important that we get economic empowerment. Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor advice, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest”. They urged the women, as true children of God, “to occupy till They come so that when They finally arrive, we will not be found wanting like the servants that buried theirs talent”.
In their remarks, Wife of Pastor in Charge of Region 19, Pastor Helen Oyitso, said the programme was aimed at refocusing the women as individuals and as a group while also listing topics considered during the conference to include Occupy in the home front, Occupy in the work place, Occupy in the marketplace, Medical Screening, and Mission Support.
The post Ambode's wife seeks women empowerment, capacity devt appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Major League Baseball commissioner Rob Manfred said Tuesday that Rogers Centre is in need of an update.
The downtown stadium has been the Toronto Blue Jays' home since June 1989.
“The stadium when it was built was a great building, one of our best,” Manfred said. “I think given the passage of time, the building is probably out of date in terms of the amenities that are available in many of our ballparks. The physical design of the stadium — so many of our stadiums have millennial areas, things like that, that have been built and become more popular more recently.
“So while the building is fundamentally sound, I think it needs an update to make it as economically viable as possible.”
Manfred, who held a media availability before the Jays' game against the Boston Red Sox, said the stadium issue was a talking point during their meeting with team president Mark Shapiro earlier in the day.
The commissioner planned to meet later Tuesday with chairperson Edwards Rogers and representatives from team owner Rogers Communications Inc.
“It's really a local matter,” Manfred said. “It's something that ownership and Mark have to work through in terms of the size of the investment. I do know that there's limited premium seating in this facility.
“I think in a market as robust as Toronto, if it were my club I'd probably want a lot more than you have.”
There have been a few changes around the ballpark in recent years, including the addition of a standing-room viewing area above the centre-field wall and the installation of a traditional dirt infield.
There is no timeline in place for when the team might unveil potential renovation plans for the 49,286-seat venue.
——
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
Amaechi, Oshiomhole double-face liars, serial betrayers – Niger Delta group
Save Ijaw Nation Group, SING, has described the Minister of Transportation, Chibuike Amaechi and former governor of Edo State, Adams Oshiomhole as double-face liars and serial betrayers over their attacks on ex-President Goodluck Jonathan. Amaechi and Oshiomhole were reported during the week to have spoken against Jonathan at separate events. Amaechi had told their audience […]
Amaechi, Oshiomhole double-face liars, serial betrayers – Niger Delta group
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (WFLA) – You could call it the “Chevron station shake down.” A cowardly thief robbed a 96-year-old man as they stopped for gas.
It happened Tuesday afternoon at the station on Central at 48th Street.
Vivert White is a retired pastor and still gets around in their car.
When they stopped to fill up, a man gave them an unwanted pat down and made off with their cash.
A man went up to 96-year-old White and got a little too close.
“Then they come up, ‘what about the money?' They asked for money,” said White.
White told them they didn't have any.
Inside the store, the “in your face” robber keeps up the conversation.
Later, they made their move.
“He touched me by my shirt pocket. ‘You got some money there.' I didn't try to resist him, because I didn't know what they were all about,” said White.
The guy made off with 30 dollars. Their grandson is livid.
“There's plenty of elderly people in this community that are still vibrant and moving and going out, and for someone to feel it's okay to attack the elderly, it's unfortunate,” said Sherman Joseph.
White still drives their Camry around town.
They do plans to be more careful.
The Chevron store clerk heard about what happened.
“It's kind of like, it hurt my feelings too,” said Abdul Attar.
Recovering from a recent stroke, White wants the thief to be punished.
“If a man do that to me, then what would they do to you?” they asked
The victim's grandson said they know people who have a pretty good idea who attacked their grandfather.
Detectives are on the case.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Jeffrey Perry doesn't mind having to leave their St. Louis neighborhood to shoot some hoops with friends.
“It's not the hoop, it's the company,” Perry said as they and Calvin Lonzo played a little one-on-one in Fox Park recently. But they remember when they didn't have to go as far away from their home in Shaw to find a court in a public park.
“They took out Tower Grove, then they took out Lafayette, and then they took Compton Hill,” they said.
Rachel Lippmann reports on the often racially-tinged debate over public hoops in St. Louis.
About a quarter of the city's 109 parks have hoops — only one is south of Tower Grove Park. Their location has been the source of a long-running, and some say racially motivated, controversy, which former 21st Ward Alderman Antonio French tried to help quell last year when they introduced legislation to install four courts in Forest Park, the city's largest.
“Many people have interpreted the lack of basketball courts as an unwelcome sign, as a signal that the group that that sport most appeals to is not welcome or encouraged to come to the park,” French said in a YouTube video they posted in September. French did not return requests for comment, and the Board of Aldermen wrapped up the 2016-2017 session Monday without taking any action on the bill.
Decisions about installing any kind of amenity in a city park, including basketball hoops, requires an agreement between the city's Parks Department and a ward's alderman. Removing amenities happens if an elected official asks for it.
There's a pattern when it comes to basketball courts in St. Louis: As a neighborhood begins to gentrify, complaints start coming in to aldermen about cussing and drinking. That's what happened in 1997, when then-Mayor Clarence Harmon removed the basketball hoops from Lafayette Park at the request of 6th Ward Alderman Marit Clark. They told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that they “wanted the basketball players to behave in such a way that families feel comfortable coming to Lafayette Park.”
The most recent example is Tilles Park in southwest St. Louis. In 2014, neighbors began circulating a petition to get the hoops removed, saying foul language was bothering kids trying to play on the playground. Alderman Joe Vaccaro, D-23rd Ward, found a compromise: Using money from a bond issue, they moved the court up the hill and away from the playground.
“Had the language stayed there, and the money not been available, it's more than a good chance that we probably would have taken them out,” Vaccaro said.
But they fiercely rejected the idea that it was racially motivated.
“What it is is a certain age group that likes to play, in their teens and 20s, it's M-F this, and M-F that, and you whatever, and this and that. The language is just foul,” Vaccaro said. “I don't think anyone has ever sent me any email telling me that, ‘Gee, we have a certain group of people playing basketball and I just don't want to see them.'”
Race and basketball
French isn't the only person who sees racism in where the hoops are and aren't.
There's been a basketball net in the parking lot of Compton Heights Baptist Church since the late 1980s. Pastor Wendell Sapp said he'd never stopped to consider why the portable hoop was so popular, even though their church is about a mile from Tower Grove Park.
“I think it probably has to do with the fact that a basketball goal attracts a number of 14- to 30-year-old black males,” Sapp said. “And I just don't think that parks are necessarily looking for something that attracts that particular crowd.”
Sapp said he'll occasionally take the hoop down if players don't pick up their trash, or get too loud for the neighbors. They said if complaints got really bad, he'd only bring it out if someone was around to supervise, but he'd never remove it permanently.
Michael Bierman and their 8-year-old son, Benny, may use Sapp's hoop soon. A few weeks ago, Benny wanted to practice their skills.
“So we came home, got our ball, and then just sort of paused and thought, ‘Well, wait a minute, where are the courts in Tower Grove Park?' and realized there weren't any,” Bierman said. “I don't know why there aren't courts, but it seems to be racism to me.”
The city removed the hoops from the park in the late 1990s because the asphalt court had crumbled beyond repair, Tower Grove Park Development Director Brigid Flynn said. But they could come back, because the park is working on a new master plan.
Perry, who was using Fox Park's court, hopes that happens.
“Well, I guess people will be concerned, but we live in a diversity neighborhood, you know, and they have the tennis courts, have the walkers, the jogger, the dog walkers, Peeping Toms, whatever. I think they should at least consider it,” they said.
Vaccaro wants their colleagues to do more than simply consider adding hoops, and plans to introduce legislation soon that would require more courts in more parks.
Follow Rachel on Twitter: @rlippmann
The last day to register to vote in the 2018 primaries is approaching. (Source:RNN)
The last day to register to vote in the 2018 primaries is approaching.
Monday, February 5 is the last day to register. Early voting is set to begin on Monday, February 20 and will run until March 2.
We will have the voting locations posted on the Newschannel 6 app and our website. If you are wondering about the candidates, we have been covering the debates and have that online as well.
For more information on how to register, click here.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
HALF-BACK LIAM Finn says Wakefield Trinity will take fitting an extra game into an already packed Betfred Super League schedule in their stride.
Trinity were leading Widnes Vikings 2-0 on Saturday evening when a blizzard caused the game at Mobile Rocket Stadium, Belle Vue, to be abandoned.
Wakefield Trinity's Liam Finn kicked their side ahead with a penalty before Saturday's game with Widnes was abandoned. PIC: Stephen Gaunt/Touchlinepics.com
It is likely to be rearranged for the international break in June and Finn said: “It makes it a bit awkward.
“It's not ideal at all, but we have got to fit it in somewhere.
“At some point we are going to have an extra game which most teams don't have, but what can you do?
“At the end of the day we've just got to deal with it and that's part and parcel of the game.”
Trinity are back in action on Friday when they visit Warrington Wolves.
Warrington beat Catalans Dragons 26-0 in Perpignan three days ago, but Finn reckons playing last weekend did not give them an advantage.
They said: “They have got to travel back from France and regroup.
“I don't think we have any worries about that really.”
Finn's penalty goal in the abandoned game will not count on their playing record, but they had no qualms with the decision to start the match.
“It was good fun. I don't think I've ever played in a match that got abandoned before,” Finn said. “I don't think there were any complaints. The snow all came at the last minute. A big crowd was in and when it wasn't actually snowing it wasn't too bad. I can understand fully why the game went ahead, but when that blizzard came, just before it got abandoned, it did get a bit too much.
“There's no blame laid at anyone's feet, just circumstances got the better of us.”
Fresh from winning a place in the final of Britain's Got Talent, Lost Voice Guy has been added to the bill for this year's South Tyneside Comedy Festival.
A former Sunderland school pupil and Sunderland City Council worker, the comedian, whose real name is Lee Ridley, has proven a firm favourite on the hit show.
Following their victory in a live semi-final on Monday, he's now the bookies' favourite to win the series and perform at the Royal Variety Performance.
Lee, who is unable to speak due to cerebral palsy and uses an iPad to communicate, has been a popular act on the comedy circuit for a number of years.
Now the former Barbara Priestman pupil, who worked in the communications department at Sunderland Council before pursuing a career in comedy, will be making North East audiences laugh once more when they appear at this summer's South Tyneside Comedy Festival.
He'll be taking to the stage at The Customs House, South Shields, with their latest show, Inspiration Porn, on Saturday, July 28.
Festival director Jason Cook said: “I've known Lee for years and we've had them here at the comedy club a few times so we are all behind them ahead of the final. I can't wait to see their full show when they bring it to the festival, it's going to be a real highlight”
•Tickets for Lost Voice Guy at South Tyneside Festival are on sale now priced at £8 from the box office on 0191 454 1234 or online at www.customshouse.co.uk.
You might say that when it comes to international trade, Trumpworld is heading for a kind of zombie civil war.
On one side, we have the neo-mercantilists — people like Peter Navarro, Trump's trade czar — who see world trade as a tale of winners and losers: Countries with trade surpluses win; those with trade deficits lose.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Both logic and history say that this view is nonsense: Trade surpluses are often a sign of weakness, trade deficits sometimes a sign of strength (as a matter of arithmetic, a country that attracts more inward investment from foreigners than it invests abroad must run a trade deficit). And the neo-mercantilists have a habit of making crude errors, like misunderstanding how value-added taxes work.
Still, they have Trump's ear, because the rocks in their heads fit the holes in his: They're telling them what they want to hear, because their errors play to their gut instincts, and when it comes to policy, they need no education.
Yet they're not the only faction talking dangerous nonsense on international economics. The Trump administration has also become home to what we might call neo-goldbugs: people who think that a nation's strength can be measured by the strength of its currency, and refuse to see any downside in a strong dollar, never see any reason a weaker dollar might be needed.
Like neo-mercantilism, or for that matter supply-side economics, this view has been debunked many times — I wrote about it in 1987! — yet keeps shambling along, because it appeals to the prejudices of wealthy and powerful people.
Until now, the most visible neo-goldbug in the administration has been David Malpass, the under secretary of Treasury for international affairs — normally a position of great policy influence, although under Trump, who knows? Malpass is the former chief economist of Bear Stearns, and a man with a Kudlow-like record of being wrong about everything. In particular, however, back in 2011 Malpass published an op-ed article declaring that what America needed to fix its economic ills was a stronger dollar (and higher interest rates).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It was a bizarre claim. After all, at the time the unemployment rate was still 9 percent — and a stronger dollar would have made things even worse. Why? Because it would have made U.S. products less competitive, increasing the trade deficit — and a situation of persistently high unemployment is the one situation in which trade deficits really are an unambiguously bad thing, reducing the demand for domestic goods and services.
But here's the thing: Kudlow appears to share Malpass's worldview. In fact, their first newsworthy statement after Trump announced their selection was a call for a higher dollar — something that would worsen the very trade deficit Trump sees as a sign of American weakness.
Why has Trump hired people with such conflicting notions about international economic policy? The answer, presumably, is that they don't understand the issues well enough to realize that the conflict exists. And what both sides in this dispute share is a general propensity for invincible ignorance, which makes them Trump's kind of people.
Anyway, on international economics the Trump administration is now on track for a battle of the zombies — a fight between two sets of bad ideas that refuse to die. Pass the popcorn.
The Central Community School System had announced changes to the academic calendar due to days being missed during freezing weather in January.
Students will now be required to attend class on March 9 and 12, as well as May 24.
March 9 was a originally a conference day, whereas March 12 and May 24 were both originally teacher-only days. For the full academic calendar, click here.
Livingston Parish has also announced a plan to make up days lost in January.
RELATED: Livingston Parish announces plan to make up for days lost during freezing weather
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
CALGARY — The Alberta government says it is opening more detox beds and adding new treatment programs to help people addicted to opioids such as fentanyl.
Associate Minister of Health Brandy Payne says the expansion means more than 2,000 additional people will have access to treatment options.
The province is also expanding paramedic and mobile outreach teams in Edmonton and Calgary to help link people at risk of opioid overdoses to the help they need.
Speaking in Calgary, Payne said eight new detox beds are to be opened in the city and an additional $2.2 million is being provided for medically assisted addiction treatment.
They say the Edmonton region is receiving an additional $2.4 million to enhance treatment services.
Government numbers show 241 deaths from apparent fentanyl drug overdoses in Alberta to the end of June compared with 584 deaths for all of 2016.
The expanded services are to be available by the end of this month.
“Our government is doing everything we can to combat the opioid crisis in Alberta,” Payne said in a statement. “This expansion will eliminate most wait times and improve access through specialty clinics, detox facilities and front-line care teams.”
Vinny Mallozzi's career has taken them from the Jets locker room to Donald J. Trump Jr.'s wedding reception. Here is a look at one of the 6,000 weddings they have covered.
You couldn't make it up: Grant Shapps' local Tory association are hosting their annual dinner this evening at Beales hotel in Welwyn Hatfield. Guess who is down as the guest speaker? Only Shapps' fellow arch-plotter Andrew Mitchell, who spent the summer along with Shapps calling round MPs stirring up anti-Theresa May sentiment. They could probably do with a few glasses of vino to forget the last 24 hours…
A 23-year-old Northampton man, trying to make a left turn from the wrong lane Tuesday night on MacArthur Road in Whitehall Township, hit two parked vehicles in a used car lot and then a diner on the opposite side of the busy thoroughfare, police report.
The man, who wasn't identified because they face possible charges including DUI, suffered minor injuries in the wreck and was taken to Lehigh Valley Hospital in Salisbury Township, township police Lt. Greg Bealer said.
The intersection with Mechanicsville Road has a left-turn-only lane, but the man was not in that lane as they turned, Bealer said.
The northbound 2005 Honda Element went into the car lot just before 9:30 p.m. off the west side of the road, hit the vehicles, then struck the north front corner of Whitehall Diner, which appeared to stop the car, Bealer said.
No one in the diner was hurt and no vehicles on the road were struck, Bealer said.
The diner was open Wednesday morning.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
KENNESAW, Ga. — James Scott hit 5 3-pointers and totalled 30 points as Kennesaw State picked up its second win over USC Upstate in eight days, this time posting a 93-69 rout in the Atlantic Sun Conference rematch on Saturday.
A week ago Anthony Wilson hit the game-winner with 1.4 seconds left for an 81-80 win at Spartanburg.
The Spartans led at intermission, 37-36 after Deion Holmes scored on a layup with :02 left. Mike Cunningham scored at the basket for a 44-43 USC Upstate lead three minutes into the second half, but the Owls responded with a 13-0 run fueled by a Jordan Jones dunk that put Kennesaw State up by 12, 56-44.
Nick Masterson finished with 17 points for the Owls (7-17, 3-6), with Tyler Hooker adding 14.
Cunningham scored 18 points to lead USC Upstate (6-20, 1-8). Ramel Thompkins added 16 and Holmes contributed 12.
Despite their thrilling winning start to the new Premier League season, Arsenal could be about to lose German international Mesut Ozil to Atletico Madrid.
That's according to this morning's football rumour mill, which also suggests that Liverpool are lining up Napoli's Lorenzo Insigne as a replacement for Barcelona wannabe Philippe Coutinho.
Another corrections officer has been accused of sexually assaulting women incarcerated at the women's prison in Union Township, according to authorities.
Ronald Coleman Jr., 39, of Bethlehem Township, Pennsylvania, was arrested at their home Friday on 15 charges, which stem fom their alleged sexual relationships with three female inmates, the Hunterdon County Prosecutor's Office said in a statement Saturday.
Coleman is the seventh staff member at the Edna Mahan Correctional Facility to be charged with sexually assaulting inmates in the last three years. After the earlier arrests of the corrections officers and one staffer, corrections officials have said the charges stemmed from isolated incidents.
But an NJ Advance Media investigation involving numerous interviews with inmates uncovered a pattern of sexual exploitation and assault in the prison, where some staff members allegedly traded contraband for sexual acts or forced the women to perform sex acts under threat of violence or disciplinary charges.
While some women remained silent, others did report the incidents and said their claims were covered up by other officers and administrators at the prison.
The investigation found that in 2010, the prison fired three officers after one was accused of abusing more than a dozen inmates, but they were never charged with a crime and the disciplinary actions were not made public.
In September, Hunterdon County Prosecutor Anthony Kearns said they had requested a meeting with state Attorney General Christopher Porrino and Corrections Commissioner Gary Lanigan to lay out evidence and make the case for changes at the prison.
In December, two inmates filed a lawsuit alleging abuse at the prison. A week later, a class-action suit was filed on behalf of all inmates and anyone released since 2014 claims male guards had "unfettered access" to women even when they were naked and could conduct strip searches "without reason." The two of the three named plaintiffs alleged sexual assault as well.
In Coleman's case, according to the prosecutor's office, an investigation found that Coleman "engaged in a sexual relationship with three inmates."
Under state law, any sexual contact between inmates and staff is a crime because prisoners cannot legally consent.
The release did not give details of Coleman's conduct with the three women.
They face two counts of sexual assault, two counts of conspiracy to commit sexual assault, three counts of criminal sexual contact, seven counts of official misconduct, and one count of "pattern of official misconduct," according to the prosecutor's office.
Coleman is a senior corrections officer who has worked for the Department of Corrections since 2000. Their salary as of September was $60,493.
Rebecca Everett may be reached at reverett@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @rebeccajeverett. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
EMBED >More News Videos This edition of Beyond the Headlines focuses on a long standing organization called the Professional BusinessWomen of California, or PBWC.
Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin, Ashley Judd and Maria Shriver will be among the speakers and panelists gathering in San Francisco today for a conference that will empower women.The 29th Annual Professional BusinessWomen of California Conference is taking place at Moscone Center, and ABC7 is again a proud sponsor.Ashley Judd is one dynamic woman who will bring their passion to the conference. They will appear on a panel focusing on the Me Too and Times Up movements.Bay Area Congresswoman Jackie Speier appeared with ABC7's Cheryl Jennings and talked about the conference and how this Me Too discussion is timely and important.This year's theme is "Stand Up, Lift Up" and Judd will be part of a panel focusing on the Me Too and Time's Up movements, along with Bay Area member of congress Jackie Speier.Speier founded the group in 1989. They recently appeared on ABC7's "Beyond the Headlines with Cheryl Jennings" and said this discussion is timely and important."We are truly changing the culture at work for all time so that our daughters and granddaughters are never going to have to deal with frankly what we had to deal with," Speier said.The key is to take the energy and lessons and connections from today out into the business world tomorrow and beyond.This organization is doing that, throughout the year it hosts workshops and fosters mentorships to empower women in their work lives.Members of the ABC7 News team will lead panels designed to help women gain career confidence, media skills and more.But PBWC goes well beyond this one-day conference.Throughout the year, the organization works with its corporate partners to offer workshops, socials and mentorships - all designed to empower women in the workplace and in their lives.
NCS Generates Over 1bn From Sokoto In 2017
BY ONUMINYA YUSUF, Sokoto. The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) Sokoto, Kebbi and Zamfara Area Command said it generated over 1 billion naira on 2017 fiscla year. Though, the Command despite hitting 53.71 per cent of its target, however decried their inability to meet and surpass the target because of obvious reasons. According to the […]
The post NCS Generates Over 1bn From Sokoto In 2017 appeared first on Leadership Nigeria Newspapers.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Nigeria Newspapers. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
THE Foundation for Rural and Regional Renewal (FRRR) has appointed new board members, Sue Middleton and Andrew McKenzie.
FRRR chairperson Ian Sinclair said the new directors offered valuable skills, experience and networks to the FRRR board.
“Sue is a highly respected advocate for rural and regional Australia, especially Western Australia,” Mr Sinclair said.
“Her appointment will ensure we have someone who understands the unique issues and challenges facing communities in the west.
“Andrew's deep understanding of finance and investment, combined with their experience as a trustee of John T Reid Charitable Trusts, which has been a donor partner to FRRR over many years, will enable them to make a highly valuable contribution to the board.
Ms Middleton and their husband Michael, manage a diversified farm in the WA Wheatbelt growing grain, oaten hay and pork and have developed Moora Citrus on a 210 hectare orchard near Dandaragan.
Mr McKenzie lives in Sydney, having originally studied agricultural science at Longerenong Agricultural College in the Victorian Wimmera.
They spent 20 years working in building product manufacturing then commenced work in financial and investment advice.
BATTLEFORD, Sask. — A Saskatchewan farmer who was acquitted last month in the fatal shooting of a young Indigenous man is to be back in court April 16 to face gun charges.
Gerald Stanley was charged in November 2016 with two counts of unsafe storage of firearms and their case was up Monday in a North Battleford, Sask., courtroom.
The charges relate to the police investigation that began after Colten Boushie, 22, was shot and killed on Stanley's farm in August 2016.
Stanley wasn't in court nor was their lawyer, Scott Spencer, who called in for the proceeding.
The Crown asked for more time in the case.
Some of Boushie's family were outside court holding signs that read “Justice Against Institutional Racism” and “Blood On Your Hands.”
Boushie's mother, Debbie Baptiste, poured a bottle of red ketchup onto the ground outside the courthouse to symbolize blood on the snow.
“Shame on you Canada,” they said. “Come on, people. You let a murderer walk away … Treaties are being broken. The RCMP covered up Gerald Stanley.”
Last month, a jury found Stanley not guilty of second-degree murder in Boushie's death.
Boushie was one of five young people who drove onto Stanley's farm near Biggar in 2016. Their friends testified they were looking for help with a flat tire.
Stanley told the trial they thought they were trying to steal an all-terrain vehicle. They testified they fired warning shots to scare them away and the gun accidentally went off again when they went to pull the keys from their SUV.
Penalties for unsafe storage of a firearm range from a conditional discharge — which means no criminal record — to a fine, to a prison sentence.
According to the provincial court file, one of the charges Stanley faces relates to a number of rifles and a shotgun, while the other was for a Ruger Blackhawk .45-calibre handgun.
(CTV Saskatoon, The Canadian Press, CJNB)
By Jeff Harrison
Managing Editor
Del City officials agree pay for police and firefighters are too low.
And they believe a sales tax increase might be the answer.
The city council last Monday night unanimously approved a resolution calling for an election Nov. 14 to determine whether or not to increase the sales tax rate by ½ of a penny. The additional revenue would be used for police and firefighter salaries, benefits and competitive wages.
If approved, the proposal would increase the sale and use tax rate from 8.5 percent to 9 percent. The city currently receives 4 percent with 4.5 percent going to the state.
Mayor Brian Linley said the sales tax revenue is necessary to retain police and firefighters. The city has seen a rash of vacancies within the fire department in recent years, which fire and city officials say is due to pay. Since 2011, the city has seen six firefighters retire and 13 other well-trained firefighters leave for higher paying positions in the metro.
“We need to keep ourselves in a better position to adequately pay our police and fire to where we're not a training ground,” Linley said.
Linley said revenue issues are not unique to Del City, but are felt in cities across the country. They urged citizens to support police and firefighters at the ballot box.
“This is about our police and firefighters. They take care of us and we need to take care of them,” they said.
The upcoming sales tax election will be the third in nearly two years. In September 2015, voters approved a ½ cent increase. The revenue is earmarked for business incentives and neighborhood improvements. And last August, voters passed a 15-year extension of an existing 1 ½ percent sales tax. The tax will fund capital projects including a waste water treatment plant.
Del City currently uses a portion of a temporary 1 ½ percent sales tax for public safety staffing. The temporary sales tax also funds capital projects such as the new police station, public works department building, fire station and library. The portion dedicated to public safety funds three police officers and three firefighter positions.
“It (existing dedicated sales tax) was already being used and it was insufficient. So now we're asking for a ½ penny more to increase staffing to have competitive wages,” City Clerk Carol Nobles said.
Voters approved a 15-year extension of the sales tax last fall. The tax had been set to expire Jan. 1, 2018. As part of the new sales tax extension, city leaders modified the language regarding police and firefighter pay. The original language allowed a portion of the funds to be used to “maintain staffing levels” and for police, fire and the street department. The new sales tax resolution allows funds to be used to maintain salaries for police and firefighters and keep pay competitive with similar municipalities.
City Manager Mark Edwards, who was not at the meeting Monday night, said the current dedicated sales and the proposed sales tax would generate about $2 million annually that would help increase staffing and pay for police and firefighters.
“We'd combine those two sales tax revenues and increase the number of police and firefighters and get our salaries to where they're competitive in the metro,” Edwards said.
The city council approved the sales tax proposal language and election date in front of a standing room only crowd Monday night at city hall. The group included several firefighters and supporters.
A couple of residents questioned the logistics of the sales tax proposal.
Marie Moore, a resident, asked the council whether the sales tax proposal would supplant current funding for police and fire departments.
“I am in support of this as long as it does increase the funding. But not if it keeps the funding neutral or just barely funds it. I want to make sure we're using all of the funds for this,” Moore said.
Noble said the new sales tax revenue would increase funding for the police and fire department, but could not say by what percentage.
Mary Greenlee, a resident, said they and other citizens believed the sales tax extension was supposed to address public safety salaries. They asked city officials to be up front about the issue.
“The lack of transparency is what I'm upset about,” they said. “It seems like we're paying more and more in taxes and receiving less and fewer services. And our emergency response people are really suffering.”
Linley said the city strives to maintain a high level of service and treat employees fairly. They shared information about how the city's expenses have increased over the past decade. Since 2006, the city's payroll has grown from $4.1 million to $5.7 million including a $255,315 annual increase in the fire department. Health insurance costs have also risen from $817,000 to $1.1 million annually.
The firefighters union has butted heads with city officials over wages and staffing during recent contract negotiations. After failing to reach an agreement, the union requested the issue be sent to arbitration.
Linley said they are committed to resolving the issue and believes voters will support the sales tax plan.
CLEVELAND — Ashamed to show their face any longer, LeBron James stared at the floor as they headed toward the locker room before the final horn sounded.
An inglorious exit.
The Cavaliers have become an embarrassment.
“I'm lost for words,” James said after Cleveland was humiliated by the Houston Rockets, who rained down 19 3-pointers on the disconnected Cavaliers in a 120-88 blowout on Saturday night.
Chris Paul scored 22 points with 11 assists, Ryan Anderson added 21 points and the long-range Rockets became the latest team to manhandle the Cavaliers on national TV.
“They should take us off every nationally televised game for the rest of the season,” said James, who spoke softly with a baseball cap pulled over their eyes. “We haven't played good at all and we get our butts kicked every time we play on national television, so I'm at a loss for words.”
James Harden only scored 16 — 15 below their league-leading average — but Houston rolled to its fourth straight win and improved to 11-2 since Jan. 8.
Meanwhile, the Cavs' downward spiral accelerated.
Since losing at Golden State on Christmas, James and their teammates are 0-8 in network broadcasts and have been embarrassed in several matchups against quality teams. They lost by 28 at Minnesota, 34 in Toronto, 24 at home to Oklahoma City and 32 to the Rockets, who toyed with the defending Eastern Conference champs.
Following the game, Cavs coach Tyronn Lue was asked if their team tried.
“Don't look like it,” Lue said. “We had no fight. I thought they took the game to us on both ends.”
James finished with just 11 points and didn't play in the fourth quarter as the Rockets were too far ahead. Isaiah Thomas scored 12 for Cleveland.
Somber wouldn't even describe the mood in the Cavaliers' locker room, where players dressed quietly without any conversation.
“Another embarrassing loss,” Thomas said. “Something gotta change. I don't know. It was bad from the jump. I don't want to comment too much on it. I need to watch film to see what really went down. It wasn't a good one for us on both ends.”
The Cavs played their second game without injured All-Star forward Kevin Love, who could be out two months with a broken left hand suffered earlier this week.
Love's injury hurts, obviously, but there are far bigger issues with a Cleveland team that has lost 12 of 18 and appears to be tearing apart at the seams.
With the Rockets up 35 in the third quarter, the Cavs didn't even bother to huddle during a timeout. Thomas and J.R. Smith sat at the middle of the scorer's table while James and other players wandered near the bench area as Lue and their staff tried to figure what to do next.
James doesn't have any answers. The three-time champion said the situation is reminiscent of their first season with Miami. The Heat started 9-8 but finally found their groove.
James isn't so sure the Cavs can do the same.
“When you have an opportunity, you do your job and you do it to the highest of your ability and you live with those results. We don't do that every day.”
One of James' closest friends, Paul isn't writing the Cavs off just yet.
“You got LeBron James over there in that locker room,” they said. “What else does the man need to do? I'm a little biased, but what else do they need to do? If you all don't believe in him, you're all trippin'.”
The Cavs actually did a decent job on Harden, who recorded the first 60-point triple-double earlier in the week against Orlando. Harden went just 5 of 14 from the field.
Down 26 at halftime, James and the Cavs walked off the floor hearing boos from Cleveland fans who have grown tired of their lack of defence, chemistry and commitment.
With the trade deadline on Thursday, Cleveland might need to make a major move to have any chance of getting back to its fourth straight Finals. This group isn't getting it done.
“Our mindset has to change — what we're really playing for,” Lue said. “Are we playing to win or are we playing to look good? We have to be tougher. When things get tough we have to be tougher.”
TIP-INS
Rockets: Harden, who went 1 for 11 on 3s, tweaked their ankle in the third quarter, but stayed in. … Paul passed Andre Miller (8,624) for ninth place on the career assists list. … G Eric Gordon (lower back stiffness) missed their second consecutive game, but coach Mike D'Antoni expects the team's second-leading scorer to play Tuesday in Brooklyn.
Cavaliers: Love met with reporters before the game and acknowledged he's “still down” after suffering their third broken hand in 10 seasons. They said the previous two times they recovered more quickly than expected. … Dwyane Wade passed Payton (21,813) points and moved into 32nd place on the career list.
ROCKET LAUNCHERS
D'Antoni felt their team gained confidence after hitting several early 3-pointers.
“It makes it easier,” they said. “Once you see the ball go in a couple of times everybody gets feeling good about it.”
Houston finished 19 of 51 behind the line.
UP NEXT
Rockets: Visit Brooklyn on Tuesday.
Cavaliers: At Orlando on Tuesday.
Album review: Bez's Gbagyi Child is the sound of home
by Wilfred Okiche Bez Idakula wowed the world with Supersun, their Cobhams Asuquo produced 2011 debut disc that made the case at the time for a wider embrace of broader musical tastes and at the same time, supplied proof that a different kind of alternative music exists, one that is rooted in home culture and […]
This post Album review: Bez's Gbagyi Child is the sound of home appeared first on YNaija.
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“The front door couldn't open fully. I didn't realize the effect it was having on me until it was gone,” they said. “That was a revelation to me. Here I was thinking I was very clever using a coat rack behind the door as a space-saving solution, when it was creating this clogged artery.”
The same attention should be paid to furniture you keep running into, like that odd-shaped coffee table or the corner of your bed.
“All these tiny, little things on their own are not a big deal,” they said, but taken together, they can damage your mood. “All of a sudden you're annoyed, and you don't even know why. It might be you need a round coffee table instead of a square one or a different landing pad for your stroller and coats.”
Photo
USE THE TWO-FOOT RULE Establish passageways of at least 24 inches between furnishings, Ms. Blakeney advised. Why 24 inches? They settled on this dimension, they said, by keeping a tape measure in their purse and putting it to use in any room that lifted their mood. In those where they felt most at ease, they found, there was usually that much space, or more, between pieces of furniture. “Even in small spaces,” they said, “if you can leave two feet for these passageways, you tend not to bonk as much and get as cluttered.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Real Estate Newsletter Every week, get updates on residential real estate news, covering the five boroughs and beyond. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
DO A DEEP CLEAN Don't just sweep away the cobwebs — remove items associated with bad memories and replace them with things that evoke hope, beauty or cheer.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I'm a very nostalgic person, and I like to hold onto things,” Ms. Blakeney said. But after a bad breakup, they added, they once purged their apartment, even scrubbing down the exterior windows: “It immediately lifted my spirits in sort of magical way. All of a sudden, you could see the sunbeams coming through. It felt spiritual in a way, and I really felt renewed.”
They also got rid of all the photos, gifts and mementos that reminded them of their ex. “It's not just sort of the physical action of cleaning,” they said. “It's an emotional letting go.”
Photo
SET AN INTENTION FOR THE SPACE “It sounds a little woo-woo,” Ms. Blakeney admitted, but think about “what you want the room to bring to you.”
When they and their husband moved into their 1,100-square-foot home in Los Angeles, for example, they wanted the master bedroom to feel like a romantic retreat: “It's a small room, and we just have our big king-size bed, where we do all our snuggling and hanging out, and built-in bedside tables. And that's it.”
A few other design details contribute to making it feel “like a boutique hotel,” they said: A significant part of the bedroom was turned into a walk-in closet to hide clutter; glittering gold wallpaper with palm trees lines the walls; and antique French doors that open to the backyard were installed to let in light. “Every single time I go into my bedroom,” they said, “I feel like I'm on vacation.”
LET IN LIGHT “If I had to pick one tool that makes a home feel good, I would pick natural light,” said Ms. Blakeney, who also added a window in. the kitchen. “Having a big window where there was none is a huge game changer. I would choose that over the sofa of my dreams.”
If adding a window is not an option, they recommended hanging mirrors in strategic places to reflect whatever natural light you have.
Photo
FIND YOUR HUE “Colors have emotional impact,” said Ms. Blakeney, who gravitates toward bold ones — and vibrant patterns. “Think about your best memories: What colors do you see?”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The colors you associate with positive feelings, they explained, can be used to create “an emotionally supportive environment.” An example from their own home is the bright blue master bathroom inspired by a trip to Lake Tahoe. “I had never seen blue like that until I was in Tahoe, and I wanted to bring a feeling of freshness and our vacation into that bathroom.”
Don't have a color in your memory bank? “Look at colors that you already collect” — in your closet, on your car, in your Pinterest feed. You may already be tapping into shades that evoke positive feelings, without even thinking about it.
ADD PLANTS “Anyone who spends a day hiking in the forest can attest that being in nature is good for the soul,” Ms. Blakeney said. “Why not bring that feeling home?”
This may explain why they have 52 houseplants in the tiny home they share with a husband, a child and a cat. The plants, which range from small succulents to large palms, appear in every room, adding a touch of whimsy and life.
“Living energy in your home is positive energy,” they said. “It's people, pets and plants that make a home.”
Politics of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: peacefmonline.com
2017-10-07
Hon. Isaac Adongo, NDC Member of Parliament for Bolgatanga Central
NDC Member of Parliament for Bolgatanga Central in the Upper East Region, Hon. Isaac Adongo has described the 9-month old government of President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo as too incompetent to fulfill promises made to Ghanaians.
According to him, the poor work by the Attorney General, the office of the President and Cabinet on the Zongo Development Fund Bill will make it impossible for the Zongos to see development this year as captured in the 2017 budget.
Speaking on Okay FM's ‘Ade Akye Abia' Morning Show, the NDC lawmaker insisted Akufo-Addo's government has been sleeping on the Zongo Development Fund bill till Parliament resumed work, without coming up with the proper bill for Parliament to work on.
They indicated that Parliament earlier rejected the bill on the Zongo Development Fund due to the improper way it was prepared.
“The Attorney-General is responsible to make sure the Zongo Development Fund becomes a reality this year . . . they have been sleeping till Parliament resumed work. Do you know they brought the bill to Parliament and we asked them to withdraw it because the bill was not properly laid?”
“When they relaid that bill, we met at Koforidua last Monday to look at that bill, the Attorney-General had added 97 Amendments to the bill which has passed through their office and submitted to Cabinet, and legal opinion has been written to approve to Parliament to work with. The Attorney-General again wrote to the Speaker requesting that the bill they brought before the House, Parliamentarians should go through it and act on 97 Amendments,” they indicated.
They reiterated that the 97 Amendments means the government was not ready before it brought the bill to Parliament; wondering whether the Attorney-General looked into the bill before they submitted it to Parliament.
” . . what kind of work was done on the bill before they submitted to Parliament to work on?” they asked.
They were of the view that the Attorney-General has disappointed the government over the poor review of the bill before submitting to Parliament; adding that it may be a deceptive move by the government on the Zongo Development Fund.
“This government is so incompetent that they cannot put together a simple bill. This means that in 2017, we will not get anything for the Zongo development and Ghana will run at a loss”, they indicated.
Matt Fisher boosted Yorkshire's Royal London One-Day Cup hopes as the Vikings beat Derbyshire Falcons by two wickets with a ball to spare in a dramatic North Group game at Derby.
Fisher blasted an unbeaten 24 from eight balls to chase down a target of 190 in a game reduced by rain to 24 overs a side despite Ravi Rampaul's best limited overs figures of 5-48.
Ben Slater made an unbeaten 109 from 82 balls in Derbyshire's 189-6 with David Willey taking 4-47 but Tom Kohler-Cadmore replied with 81 off 63 balls before Fisher won it with consecutive fours off Hardus Viljoen.
Yorkshire brought in Willey, who only arrived back in England from India on Monday night, but their first over went for 21 as Derbyshire got off to a flier.
The first five overs powerplay cost 52 runs with Slater hooking Matthew Fisher for six to punish Yorkshire who bowled too short and wide, but the introduction of Adil Rashid restored some order with Billy Godleman well caught at deep midwicket as only 20 came from the next four overs.
Rashid should have had a second but Adam Lyth put down Wayne Madsen on eight at long off and the batsman celebrated by reverse sweeping the final ball of the 11th over for six.
Tim Bresnan removed Madsen for 20 when they miscued a pull at Bresnan but after reaching 50 from 39 balls, Slater hit Liam Plunkett for three fours in the 16th over to get Derbyshire back on track. But some momentum was lost when Luis Reece collapsed in pain with an ankle injury and retired hurt at the end of the 18th over and Willey returned to bowl Gary Wilson and have Matt Critchley caught behind first ball. Willey struck again when Alex Hughes pulled to deep midwicket but Slater completed an excellent hundred off 77 balls before hitting two more fours in the final over.
Derbyshire opened with Madsen's off-spin and they responded with a maiden but Lyth pulled Duanne Olivier for consecutive sixes before Kohler-Cadmore did the same in Madsen's next over.
Kohler-Cadmore drove Rampaul for six but Lyth skied the seamer high to mid-on and in the next over, Willey top edged Olivier to short midwicket. Derbyshire struck a big blow in the ninth over when their former batsman Cheteshwar Pujara was lbw trying to work Critchley to midwicket and Ballance should have been caught on 11 by the substitute fielder at deep cover.
It threatened to prove costly but Ballance was bowled by Olivier for 27 trying to ramp Olivier to fine leg in the 18th over and Bresnan was caught behind off Rampaul in the next over. Rampaul pinned Tattersall lbw to leave Yorkshire needing 55 off the last five overs.
Kohler-Cadmore swung the West Indian to wide midwicket, but Fisher's late assault saw the Vikings home in the gloom.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Nigerian govt roads in Niger unsafe, commissioner says after collapse of two bridges
Premium Times
The Niger Government on Wednesday declared 'state of emergency' on federal roads following the collapse of two bridges, linking the Western and Northern Nigeria. Jonathan Vatsa, the state Commissioner for Information, made the declaration shortly after …
and more »
The Rolling Stones are touring the U.K. and Europe this spring, and when you're literally the Rolling Stones, you can book a different, almost-as-famous opening act every night of the week. As of today, we've got the full lineup of support acts for the upcoming U.K. leg of the Stones' No Filter tour (plus one show in Dublin, Ireland), and they include Liam Gallagher, Florence and the Machine, the Vaccines, and two dates with Richard Ashcroft. Sorry to anyone waiting to see the Stones when they circle back to London this June before heading over to the continent—you'll have to make do with James Bay.
It's a dream come true to be asked to open for The Mighty @RollingStones – the best Rock n Roll band EVER. — Liam Gallagher (@liamgallagher) April 23, 2018
Flashback to last summer, when Noel Gallagher got a plum gig opening for U2 and Liam lost no time in rechristening them “Bingo and their Naff Band.” See the openers for the Rolling Stones' upcoming U.K. and Ireland dates below (via NME), and check the band's website for details on upcoming dates in continental Europe.
The Rolling Stones spring 2018 U.K. & Ireland tour dates
May 17 — Dublin, Ireland @ Croke Park w/ The Academic
May 22 — London @ London Stadium w/ Liam Gallagher
May 25 — London @ London Stadium w/ Florence & The Machine
May 29 — Southampton @ St. Mary's Stadium w/ The Vaccines
June 2 — Coventry @ Ricoh Arena w/ The Specials
June 5 — Manchester @ Old Trafford w/ Richard Ashcroft
June 15 — Cardiff @ Principality Stadium w/ Elbow
June 19 — London @ Twickenham Stadium w/ James Bay
Breaking: Police move Dino Melaye in ambulance to National Hospital
By Joseph Erunke
ABUJA-THE operatives of the Nigeria Police have moved Senator Dino Melaye out of hospital in an ambulance marked NPF 221 D.
Melaye was moved out at about 9:21pm by men of the Nigeria Police on a stretcher into a police ambulance and driven to National Hospital, Abuja.
Two medical doctors at the Zanklin Hospital Abuja, who had certified the unconscious senator unfit to be moved out of the private hospital were arrested by the team of the police personnel, led by the FCT Commissioner, Mr Sadiq Bello.
Melaye's younger brother who was with them at the hospital was also arrested by the police.
Also the Inspector-General of Police Ibrahim Idris has ordered probe of the escape and re-arrest from custody Dino Melaye.
ACP Jimoh Moshood Force PRO, Force HQ, Abuja in a statement said ‘the Inspector General of Police has directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody. ‘
They said that Dino Melaye on Tuesday at about 12 noon while in lawful custody of the Nigeria Police Force and being taken for arraignment in Federal High Court, Lokoja from Abuja, escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in Two (2) Toyota Hilux Vehicles blocked the Police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 Round About, Abuja and in the process the Senator jumped out of the Police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the Police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination.
They further said that the Police team re-enforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital, Abuja where they were re-arrested.
The said would be arraigned in court without further delay.
Meanwhile, one of the Toyota Hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the Senator has been recovered by the Police investigation team
On Monday no fewer than 15 armed police officers on Monday, laid siege to the Abuja residence of Sen. Dino Melaye.
The armed men who barricaded the street leading to the lawmaker's house on Sangha Street, Maitama, Abuja were strategically positioned in and around the premises.
The post Breaking: Police move Dino Melaye in ambulance to National Hospital appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) — The leaders of Ethiopia, Egypt and Sudan met in Addis Ababa Monday to discuss contentious issues related to the dam that Ethiopia is building on the Nile River.
Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn, Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi and Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir met on the sidelines of the African Union summit. The meeting comes after the Ethiopian and Egyptian leaders met less than two weeks ago in Cairo.
"The leaders have instructed their foreign ministers and other relevant ministries to deliberate on outstanding issues and report to the head of states within one month," said the Ethiopian Foreign Ministry, adding the three leaders have agreed to meet again in a year. The leaders agreed to create a three-nation infrastructure fund to encourage cooperation.
Egypt fears the $4.8 billion dam could reduce its share of the Nile River waters while Ethiopia asserts it needs the dam for its development. Ethiopia is seeking to assure Cairo the dam on the border with Sudan will not significantly harm it. It appears the main issue is how quickly the reservoir behind the dam will be filled and if the filling will cause Egypt to get less Nile water.
The dam is designed to generate 6,400 megawatts, which is expected to more than double Ethiopia's current production of 4,000 megawatts, is now 63 percent completed and this East African nation hopes to become an energy hub in Africa upon its completion.
While Ethiopia has said the dam is a "matter of life or death" for its people, Egypt has said water is a "matter of life or death" for its people.
Juventus captain Buffon denies Benatia bust-up after Napoli defeat – Tribal Football
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Rolls-Royce Holdings reported £915 million ($1.1 billion) in underlying profit before finance charges and tax for the full-year 2016, down 45% year-over-year, on underlying revenues of £13.8 billion, down 2%.
The UK-based group's total order book for the year was £79.8 billion, up £3.3 billion on the same period last year, led by the group's civil aerospace division, which reported an order intake of £14.1 billion in 2016, a £1.3 billion increase over 2015. Civil aerospace's order book closed at £71.4 billion, up £4.4 billion from 2015, which the company said includes a £2.1 billion benefit from a 5% decrease in its long-term foreign exchange rate.
During the year, civil aerospace sales included a $2.7 billion order from Norwegian for Trent 1000 engines; a $1.2 billion order from Garuda Indonesia for Trent 7000 engines and a $900 million order from Virgin Atlantic for the Trent XWB.
For the full year, Rolls-Royce's civil aerospace division underlying revenue grew 2% to £7.1 billion, but underlying profit before tax and finance charges dropped 55% to £367 million.
The company also reported a £671 million charge for financial penalties related to settlement agreements with investigating authorities over “historic bribery and corruption involving intermediaries in a number of overseas markets.”
“[In 2016] we accelerated the transformation of Rolls-Royce. We increased our large engine output by 15% … and made good technical progress in the final stages of the development of the three new large engines due to enter service over the next 12 months,” CEO Warren East said.
“Rebuilding trust and confidence in the Group and its long-term prospects remains a key priority for the management team,” East said. “[For 2017] year-on-year incremental progress will be modest; our medium-term trajectory for revenue, profit and free cash flow remains unchanged … [in the long term], the roll-out of new engines, led in particular by the Trent XWB, 1000 and 7000, together with a growing aftermarket, is expected to drive significant revenue growth over the coming 10 years as we build toward a 50% plus share of the installed widebody passenger market.”
The Group reported free cash inflow in 2016 of £100 million, compared to £179 million in 2015. The Group is targeting its 2017 free cash flow to be similar to 2016. The group's capital expenditure for 2017 is expected to be approximately £600 million, compared to £626 million in 2016.
Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com
HARRYSONG SAYS They Regret WHY They Are UNMARRIED AND GAVE Their REASON
Vocalist, Harrison Tare Okiri has progressed significantly in their profession. What's more, it is alright to state that they are as of now harvesting a portion of the their rewards for so much hard work in the music business. Be that as it may, one thing causes the artist torment. They lament that they neglected …
The post HARRYSONG SAYS They Regret WHY They Are UNMARRIED AND GAVE Their REASON appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HARARE, Zimbabwe — After taking over from the ousted President Robert G. Mugabe of Zimbabwe six months ago, the country's new leader, Emmerson Mnangagwa, promised to hold free and fair elections this year. On Wednesday, they announced that the vote would take place on July 30.
It will be the first such ballot in a generation that does not include Mr. Mugabe, 94, who ruled Zimbabwe for 37 years. Despite having once proclaimed that “only God will remove me,” Mr. Mugabe resigned as president in November after lawmakers began impeachment proceedings against him.
With the death of Mr. Mugabe's longtime rival Morgan Tsvangirai, a former labor leader and prime minister, last February, the new election will pit Mr. Mnangagwa, 75, against numerous other opponents. They include Nelson Chamisa, 40, who replaced Mr. Tsvangirai as leader of the Movement for Democratic Change party.
“It is going to be a very difficult election,” Ibbo Mandaza, a Zimbabwean political analyst and executive director of the Sapes Trust research institute in Harare, Zimbabwe's capital, said of the planned elections for president, the National Assembly and local councils.
Punk duo PWR BTTM have announced their second full-length album, Pageant, and shared a kiss-off of a first single, “Big Beautiful Day.” “There are men in every town / Who live to bring you down,” the song begins. “My advice is to look incredible / As you make their lives regrettable / By being your damn self.”
Pageant—the title is a nod to the band's love of glam, gender performance, and drag style—is out May 12 via PWR BTTM's new label home, Polyvinyl. Hear “Big Beautiful Day” and see the album art and track list below.
Update, 10:45 a.m. ET: “Big Beautiful Day” now has a fabulous new glitter- and waffle-filled video. Watch it below.
Pageant track list:
1. “Silly”
2. “Answer My Text”
3. “LOL”
4. “Won't”
5. “Now Now”
6. “Sissy”
7. “Pageant”
8. “Oh, Boy”
9. “New Trick”
10. “Wash”
11. “Kids' Table”
12. “Big Beautiful Day”
13. “Styrofoam”
France on Monday urged the European Union to consider new sanctions on Iran over its involvement in Syria's civil war and its ballistic missile program, Reuters reported.
The move comes as Paris tries to persuade Washington to preserve a 2015 nuclear deal with Tehran.
Claude Puel sacked as Southampton manager
Claude Puel was sacked as Southampton manager on Wednesday after just one season in charge, the English Premier Club announced.
Puel, 55, took Southampton to a respectable eighth-place finish in the table and to the League Cup final where they were defeated by Manchester United.
“Southampton Football Club can today confirm that it has terminated the contract of Claude Puel with immediate effect,” said a club statement.
The post Claude Puel sacked as Southampton manager appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PILOT MOUNTAIN — After four straight losses to teams ranked in the top six of the MaxPreps 1A rankings, East Surry's boys' basketball team really needed a win on Thursday night.
The Cardinals got it done, ending the skid and completing the season sweep of North Stokes with a 76-63 victory.
East Surry (12-9, 2-6 Northwest 1A Conference) led for most of the game, but the Vikings had managed to whittle the gap down a single-digit margin with 3:48 left in the fourth quarter. At this point, the Cardinals went on an 11-0 run and locked up the victory.
East led 17-11 at the end of the first quarter and appeared to be in command at 39-23 by intermission, but Stokes got within 10 points in the third quarter. Then two offensive rebounds and six points by Jefferson Boaz pushed the lead back to 16 points as the period ended.
Senior John Marion had a huge game for the Cardinals, with 26 points on 9-12 shooting, 10 rebounds and four steals. Boaz added 23 points on 10-14 shooting, with 14 rebounds and three assists. Colby Guy added 10 points and Caleb Hearn eight.
Michael Smith led the Vikings with 21 points and Isaac Wood added 13.
In the girls' game, the Lady Cardinals increased their grip on the No. 2 spot in the NW1A standings with a 56-40 rout of North Stokes.
East Surry (12-9, 6-2), which leads Bishop McGuinness by a half-game in the league standings, blew the game wide open with a dominant 21-8 second quarter that left them in command with a 42-19 lead. East kept adding to its lead in the third quarter and led by as many as 30 points before Coach Caleb Gilley started clearing their bench. Stokes ended the game on a 16-2 run to make the score more respectable.
Senior Bethany Clayton had their 17th double-double of the season, with 22 points and 10 rebounds to go with four steals and three assists. Madison Bowman had eight points and five assists, while Sarah Mann also scored eight.
Karley Jessup led the Lady Vikings with 23 points and Natalie Dodson added seven.
East Surry will travel to South Stokes on Tuesday night.
North Stokes Michael Smith drives to the basket against East Surry as the Cardinals' Austin Pardue tries to rotate over to defend. Smith led the Vikings with 20 points, but the Cardinals won 76-63. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_NSBB-Michael-Smith-DS.jpg North Stokes Michael Smith drives to the basket against East Surry as the Cardinals' Austin Pardue tries to rotate over to defend. Smith led the Vikings with 20 points, but the Cardinals won 76-63. Dale Sands | The News Natalie Dodson of North Stokes looks for a place to go against East Surry defender Katlyn Creed during Thursday night's game as Lady Cardinal head coach Caleb Gilley looks on. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_NSWB-Natalie-Dodson-DS.jpg Natalie Dodson of North Stokes looks for a place to go against East Surry defender Katlyn Creed during Thursday night's game as Lady Cardinal head coach Caleb Gilley looks on. Dale Sands | The News
Staff Report
Robert Money Jr. of the Stokes News and John Cate of the Mount Airy News contributed to this report.
Robert Money Jr. of the Stokes News and John Cate of the Mount Airy News contributed to this report.
When you're looking for a girl - you want someone UNIQUE. Someone who's NOT like the "other girls." You know the type - the ones who say "I'm not like the other girls" in their social media and dating app profiles.
1. They live for the drama of it all­
Confronting their stepfather over their NRA membership, protesting for better pay for teachers, canvassing for pro-choice local government candidates. Ugh! They just NEVER turns down a chance to start some DRAMAAAAA. Waiting until they reach the office bathroom to burst into a fit of tears so as not to make a scene in the conference room where they won't even get the chance to speak, and if they did so their point would just be repeated by someone else and then applauded, so what's the point of even trying, anyway? You KNOW we can hear your muffled sobs, Karen - and we are SICK of your drama!
2. They NEVER admits she's wrong
When I send them a VERY convincing meme that says the wage gap is a myth, do they calmly admit the error of their ways? No! They unfriend me and stops answering my texts - classic "basic" behavior. A more mature adult is able to admit when they're wrong, instead of blocking me on Instagram.
3. She's just so NEEDY
Access to safe, affordable healthcare? They need it. Men in their life who they can trust not to reveal themselves as creeps / false allies? They need it. Jeez, maybe stop making everything about YOU!
4. They only want to watch chick flicks
Ugh, you know there are movies OTHER than chick flicks, right? While you wanna see Deadpool 2, they want to go see some lame-lookin' chick flick like Nadine Labaki's riveting existential drama Capharnaüm. When you wanna rent Deadpool 1, they want to rent Julia Ducournau's challenging Raw, a tale of lust, violence, and the primal urges that society represses. Ugh! Don't you ever get sick of that mushy crap?
5. She's so clingy
Texting you to ask when you're coming home, repeatedly asking you to do the laundry, asking you if you can drive their home after their appendicitis surgery. Maybe try to be a little more INDEPENDENT, okay? But while she's at it, maybe they can draft up that cover letter that you've been meaning to write.
6. They just can't hang
Remember that time all your college buddies came over to play Settlers of Catan, drink IPAs, and talk about whether or not Hollywood really needed another female-driven sitcom? Why did they have to clench their jaw and leave the room for fifteen minutes, only to come back with puffy, red eyes? Talk about DRAMATIC, much! Jeez, would it kill them to just lighten up and take a chill pill every once in a while?
7. They aren't a team player
...Or maybe they are! It hasn't ever really been made clear if they are a team player or prefers working alone due to only assuming based on the two personality traits displayed upon a first introduction, but one of those options means that she's bubbly, very fertile, and totally DTF after an Imagine Dragons concert and the other means that they are distant and barren, waiting for the bitter winds of yesteryear to call them into the maelstrom of the winter solstice. Ladies are so complicated!
8. They have a VERY COMPLICATED AND EMOTIONALLY RIFE relationship with their body
Consistently smoothing out their sides when they come across a mirror, staring at their stomach and wishing it were more toned in order to be deemed "beach worthy", trying every new skincare regimen and then collapsing in exhaustion when they realize nothing they ever does will please anyone. Can't they just see that they don't need all that crap and that she's beautiful just the way they are, and that with some natural-looking and dewy makeup, a floral sundress, perky boobs for their lithe frame, and a beaming smile at all times, she'll be even more beautiful? You just ask for so little!
9. They CANNOT make a decision
Being asked when they want to have kids without being asked if they want to in the first place, being asked when they want to get married and that if they do want to get married and have kids within a timely, age-appropriate manner they have to start now as their biological clock is ticking, being asked if they think you're "the one." How typical!
10. She's SO emotional
Quietly crying tears of anguish when their basic reproductive rights are trying to be denied, crying tears of happiness and joy when a woman is elected into any semblance of world power, crying on the couch after a particularly hard day at work trying to please everyone for fear of being seen as "difficult." Just calm down!
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of theirs describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," they say.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; they note that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, they say. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" they say.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," they say. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
You already know the American Legion is the largest veteran's organization in the United States.
You already know the American Legion does more, nationally, for veterans than any other veteran's organization. The American Legion provides life-changing assistance and guidance for veterans, military personal, their families, and communities in thousands of ways every day. You know why it's important to maintain your membership in the American Legion. Did you know that your Post 27 has one of the best, most knowledgeable and active Service Officers in the State?
Maybe because Post 27 doesn't participate, you may have forgotten about: American Legion baseball, the essay contest, scouting, scholarship programs, boy's state, boy's nation, the oratorical contest, the family support network, or the homeless vet support program, and more, a lot more. Maybe you have forgotten that American Legion Lafayette Post 27 isn't just a bar. It should be a lot more important than that to the members, the community and to the vets in our area.
Why doesn't Post 27 participate in any of these programs? Why doesn't Post 27 have any committees or things like Legion Riders or cooking teams to take turns cooking for the Post? Just as Commander Huber said, “Post 27 is dying.” Why? Because the Commander can't do it all by themselves and the members aren't helping. Simple as that! But that begs the questions; why aren't you coming to the meetings? Why aren't you taking an office? Why aren't you on one of the committees? Why didn't you bring in one new member this past year? Just one new member and maybe Post 27 wouldn't be dying. Here's a bombshell for you. Where are our lady vets? Why don't we have more women joining Post 27? Is anyone making an effort to find these vets and bring them in?
And as for you, are you not happy with the way the Post is run? Are you not happy with the Officers that are supposed to be running the Post? Do you feel nothing ever gets done, nothing ever changes? I'm just as guilty as you. I got tired of not being able to get anything done, so just like you, I quit. I quit going to the meetings. I quit going to the Saturday breakfast. I quit being an Officer. I quit asking other vets to join Post 27.
The truth is, no changes will be made nor will anything get done if you don't come in and make the changes. If you don't elect Officers and committees who have “the good of the Legion” at heart. So, here is the challenge! Nominations and Elections are coming up very soon. It's time for you to care and come out of reclusion. Time for you to step up for “the good of the Legion,” for the good of Post 27, to be an active part of making Post 27 worth being an American Legion Post, again. Time to come to the meetings, to nominate and elect Officers that will work for you, to help you revive Post 27.
Open letter to members of Gallipolis American Legion Post #27
By George M. Allen Contributing columnist
George M. Allen of Crown City, Ohio, is a member of American Legion Lafayette Post #27.
George M. Allen of Crown City, Ohio, is a member of American Legion Lafayette Post #27.
Rep. Tim Murphy (R-Pa.), the professedly pro-life member of congress who was revealed to have urged the woman they were having an affair with to have an abortion, will not seek another term in Congress.
“After discussions with my family and staff, I have come to the decision that I will not seek reelection to Congress at the end of my current term,” they said in a statement Wednesday. “In the coming weeks I will take personal time to seek help as my family and I continue to work through our personal difficulties and seek healing. I ask you to respect our privacy during this time.”
News of Murphy's retirement comes one day after the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette published text messages indicating that the member of congress had pressed a woman they were having an extramarital relationship with to have an abortion. (The woman, whom Murphy admitted to having an affair with last month, ended up not being pregnant.)
In the text messages, Shannon Edwards called Murphy out on pro-life statements on their Facebook page.
“You have zero issue posting your pro-life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week when we thought that was one of the options,” they wrote.
Murphy reportedly responded by blaming the posts on their staff, claiming they “read them and winced.”
That report emerged on the same day Murphy cast a vote in favor of a bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy. (The bill passed Tuesday in the House by a 237-189 vote, but is unlikely to garner the 60 votes it needs to pass in the Senate.)
Murphy previously voted in favor of multiple anti-abortion bills, and has a 100 percent rating from the pro-life Family Research Council.
Related Video:
Watch original series, sports and more on go90.
By Matt Lombardo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
PHILADELPHIA -- Newly acquired Eagles cornerback Ronald Darby used tremendous hand technique in coverage and jumped the route of a Carson Wentz pass intended for rookie wide receiver Mack Hollins and picked it off, making sure to get two feet in bounds during one-on-one drills early in Monday's practice.
Plays such as Darby's interception in which they maintained perfect body placement against Hollins and flashed tremendous instincts and ball-skills was just one of several plays in which it became abundantly evident that even after two practices since being acquired from the Buffalo Bills in exchange for Jordan Matthews and a third-round draft pick, Darby is far and away this team's No. 1 cornerback.
Here are some first impressions from several Eagles players of Darby following their second practice with the team on Monday:
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," they say. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so they feel somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
IBEDC issues pre-paid meters to customers as ordered by NERC
The Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company, on Wednesday, has said that it has issued prepaid meters to its Maximum Demand customers as directed by the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission. According to a statement released by NERC, earlier in the week, maximum demand electricity customers are those connected to the 11KV lines and are mostly with their …
The post IBEDC issues pre-paid meters to customers as ordered by NERC appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Transcript for Husband of woman killed on Southwest flight shares how they got the news
We have been reporting here on the wife and mother, the passenger on that southwest flight who was sucked out of the plane and pulled back in. They did not survive it. Tonight, their husband, who spoke so beautifully about their wife, now talking to ABC's Martha Raddatz. Reporter: Jennifer Riordan was killed on flight 1380, when the plane's left engine exploded at 32,000 feet. The mother of two, the first person to die in an accident on a U.S. Airline in nearly ten years. Tonight, for the first time, their husband, Michael, telling us how they got the news. The chaplain at the hospital called. He's like, "I need to have the doctor talk to you." And then before the doctor could call, I was able to click on a news site. And I saw one passenger was brought to the hospital, I'm like, they can't be injured that bad, she's just in the hospital. But I can get out there and I can hold their hand and love on them And then two minutes later, I got a call from the doctor who said, "We're sorry, we tried everything we could, but they couldn't make it." Reporter: Despite wearing their seatbelt, Riordan was partially sucked out of this window. Passengers pulling them back inside. I immediately thought of the kids, and how do you tell your kids their mom was gone? I just held their little hands and took a knee and I said, "Mommy's not going to come home, guys." Reporter: On Sunday, hundreds in Albuquerque turned out to mourn the 43-year-old wife, mother and bank executive. And David, Michael Riordan has avoided listening to news reports about the incident and southwest's response. For now, they are concentrating only on their children. David? Which is so understandable. Martha, thank you. And when we come back here
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
A few passing clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
A few passing clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.
BACK IN COURT: Destiny Kiona Downs (pictured in 2014) pleaded guilty to four charges at Gympie Magistrates Court on Monday.
BACK IN COURT: Destiny Kiona Downs (pictured in 2014) pleaded guilty to four charges at Gympie Magistrates Court on Monday. Patrick Woods
A GYMPIE woman with a history of aggressive behaviour has pleaded guilty to obstructing police when they arrested them for drug possession last month.
The Gympie Magistrates Court heard Destiny Kiona Downs, 23, "refused” and "resisted” police directions when they were taken to a watch house after a search found cannabis and drug utensils in their possession at an address in Monkland on March 11.
PREVIOUSLY: Woman, 19, guilty of punching another woman in face
Downs had to be "physically moved” by officers when they failed to heed their directions.
A police prosecutor said Downs was "irrational” and "highly agitated” when police found the illicit materials, and became "aggressive” and "belligerent” afterwards.
The court heard Downs apologised for their actions upon release the following day, but breached a bail condition when they failed to report to Gympie Police Station on March 28.
Downs claimed they attended the station two days later because she'd had a "busy day at work” on the 28th.
Downs pleaded guilty to four charges in total, with one each for possessing cannabis and drug utenstils adding to the police obstruction and bail condition breach charges.
They previously avoided jail in November 2014 after pleading guilty to one charge of assault occasioning bodily harm, splitting a woman's lip during a drunken altercation at the Royal Hotel.
Magistrate Chris Callaghan accepted Downs' explanation that they had been experiencing an anxiety attack at the time of their obstruction offence, and considered their medical history and mental health plan in their ruling.
They handed Downs a nine month good behaviour bond, and released them upon entry into a drug diversion program.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
FILE - In this Sunday, Sept. 24, 2017 file photo, Carolina Panthers' Cam Newton (1) looks to pass against the New Orleans Saints in the first half of an NFL football game in Charlotte, N.C. A woman accused of stalking Panthers quarterback Cam Newton was asked to leave the team's practice facility earlier this week. The incident occurred on Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017 according to a Charlotte Mecklenburg police report.(AP Photo/Mike McCarn, File)
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Panthers coach Ron Rivera says Cam Newton's apology for a sexist remark to a female reporter was "something that was needed to be said."
"I think it was well said and well put," Rivera said Friday. "I think it was well said and well put. I just it something we can move forward .. and start again. It's a tough set of circumstances and hopefully this can settle things so we can go forward."
Newton made their remarks during a news conference Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running. The quarterback laughed and said, "It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny."
Newton issued a nearly two-minute apology on Twitter Thursday night, saying, "What I did was extremely unacceptable" and that they have "really learned a valuable lesson from this."
They haven't directly apologized to Rodrigue.
The NFL had issued a statement Wednesday night calling Newton's comments at the news conference "just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalist who cover the league."
Newton issued their apology more than 24 hours after making their remarks, during which time they lost an endorsement deal when Dannon severed ties with him.
"After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women," the Panthers quarterback said. "To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offense to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you."
In the video, Newton said he's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use their platform to inspire others.
They also said they take ownership to everything that comes with that.
"What I did was extremely unacceptable," Newton said. "I'm a father to two beautiful daughters and I try to instill in them that they can be anything that they want to be. The fact that during this process I have already lost sponsors and countless fans I realize that the joke is really on me. I have really learned a valuable lesson from this."
Newton also took time to address young people, cautioning them not to do as they did.
"Don't be like me," Newton said. "Be better than me. To the reporters, to the journalists, to the moms, the super moms, the daughters, the sisters all around the world I sincerely apologize and hope that you can find the kindness in your heart to forgive me. Thank you."
Dannon, who makes Oikos yogurt, cut ties with Newton as its spokesperson. However, the other companies who have endorsements deals with Newton such as Gatorade, Under Armour and Beats by Dre did not.
The Panthers (3-1) visit the Detroit Lions (3-1) on Sunday. Rivera said Carolina will be without safeties Kurt Coleman and Demetrious Cox and center Ryan Kalil. However, expects defensive ends Julius Peppers and Mario Addison and left tackle Matt Kalil to play.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Some things to know about mass shootings:
HOW IS ‘MASS SHOOTING' DEFINED?
There is no concrete definition of “mass shooting.” Most researchers who study mass shootings define it as four or more killed (excluding the shooter) in a public place. They do not count domestic violence cases that take place in the home nor do they include gang-related violence. That is also the definition used by the Congressional Research Service.
However, tucked into a law enacted by Congress in 2013 in the immediate aftermath of the Sandy Hook school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, to provide federal law enforcement assistance for active shooter situations was a description of mass killings as three or more killed.
Some other entities include cases in which four or more people are killed or injured.
ARE MASS SHOOTINGS HAPPENING MORE OFTEN?
Researchers say the number of mass shootings has remained fairly steady over the past three decades with occasional fluctuations. “Some years are worse than others and bad years tend to be followed by not so bad years,” said James Alan Fox, a professor at Northeastern University in Boston who has been studying mass shootings since the early 1980s.
However, they and other researchers say it does appear that mass shootings have been deadlier in recent years. Since Sandy Hook, Americans have experienced five of the 10 deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history — two of those happening this year alone.
WHAT TYPE OF GUNS ARE USED IN MASS SHOOTINGS?
Researchers say the majority of mass shootings are carried out with handguns.
However, of the 10 deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history, half of them had a cache of firearms that included AR-style “assault weapons,” one of them included an Uzi submachine gun, and the rest used standard rifles and/or handguns.
WHAT WEAPON WAS USED IN THE SANDY HOOK SHOOTING?
Adam Lanza, the gunman who killed 20 children and six adults at the school in Newtown, used a Bushmaster XM15. That firearm, made by Remington Arms, is an AR-style of firearm that was designed in a way to avoid being among the firearms prohibited by the decade-long “assault weapons” ban.
Relatives of the Sandy Hook victims allege in a lawsuit that the maker of the Bushmaster was negligent by marketing military-style weapons to young people who may be unstable and intent on inflicting mass casualties. The lawsuit against Remington Arms was dismissed because of broad immunity granted to the gun industry, but the Connecticut Supreme Court is weighing whether to reinstate it.
President Donald Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice, US media reports say.
They say senior intelligence officials will be interviewed about whether Mr Trump tried to end an inquiry into their sacked national security adviser.
Mr Trump's legal team said the latest leak to the media was “outrageous”.
Mr Mueller is overseeing an FBI inquiry into Russia's alleged meddling the 2016 US election and any Trump links to it.
President Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia, describing the ongoing inquiry as a “witch hunt”
The latest development was first carried in the Washington Post. Later the New York Times and Wall St Journal reported the story, citing their own sources.
On Wednesday, the Washington Post described the decision by Mr Mueller to investigate President Trump's own conduct as a major turning point in the investigation, which until recently focused on the Russian angle.
Quoting unnamed officials, the newspaper said Daniel Coats, the director of national intelligence, Mike Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency, and Richard Ledgett, until recently Mr Rogers' deputy, agreed to be interviewed by investigators.
The questioning could happen as early as this week.
The unnamed officials told the newspaper the obstruction of justice investigation began just days after President Trump fired former FBI director James Comey on 9 May.
Before the sacking, Mr Trump had sought and received assurances from Mr Comey that they personally are not under investigation.
However, Mr Comey has since suggested that Mr Trump attempted to get them to shut down the investigation into their sacked former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
Mr Flynn was fired in February for failing to reveal the extent of their contacts with Sergei Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to Washington.
The White House has denied it put pressure on Mr Comey.
Uncharted terrain: Anthony Zurcher, BBC North America reporter
James Comey hinted at it. Washington insiders suspected it. Now US media are reporting it (through anonymous sources, of course).
Donald Trump themselves is under direct investigation for obstruction of justice by the special counsel's office.
Take all those previous assertions by the president that he's not the target of law enforcement efforts, and throw them out the window.
Mr Trump will surely insist that the inquiry into whether their campaign had ties to Russia is still a hoax perpetrated by Democrats and a hostile media, and that the obstruction allegations are built on that empty foundation.
That may not matter. “It's not the crime; it's the cover-up,” may be a hackneyed political saying, but that doesn't mean it lacks a kernel of truth.
There's still an open question as to what, exactly, could happen if Mr Mueller does find the president violated the law in acting to disrupt an ongoing investigation.
Could charges be filed? Would it fall on the House of Representatives to act?
It's all uncharted legal terrain.
If the latest media reports are correct, however, Mr Mueller may be charting a course for the darkness.
President Trump has so far made no comments on the latest report.
However, Mr Trump's legal team responded angrily.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Mr Trump's lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, said: “The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
–
Source: BBC
WASHINGTON (AP) – The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesperson, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
“Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards,” Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. They said that within 12 months – or by July 2017 – transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government “will not accept or allow” transgender troops to serve “in any capacity” in the military. A month later, they issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. They gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
“The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms,” said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. “That's really where the controversy will lie.”
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but “under such onerous terms that practically there will be none.” Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
“It doesn't have any basis in science,” they said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. “But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible.”
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
 They are one of the top junior recruits in Orange County football, and maybe the county's top wide receiver in the class of 2019.
They have already racked up 36 catches for 620 yards and six TDs in five games.
 They are basically smashing opponents like one of their favorite superheroes, Hulk.
Learn more about Orange Lutheran wide receiver Kyle Ford in this week's Tough Questions. Ford and the Lancers play St. John Bosco in their Trinity League opener Friday, Oct. 6, at Orange Coast College.
STILLWATER, Okla. — Oklahoma State avenged its loss to Alabama from four years ago while blasting the Crimson Tide to win the NCAA men's golf championship on its home course Wednesday.
Vitkor Hovland never trailed in the opening match against Lee Hodges in a 4-and-3 victory. Zach Bouchou won five straight holes, holing out a bunker shot on their way to an 8-and-7 victory over Jonathan Hardee.
Matthew Wolff delivered the clinching point, a 4-and-3 victory over Davis Riley, and the celebration was on at Karsten Creek Golf Club.
The Cowboys had the home crowd on their side, and they gave their orange-clad fans plenty to cheer.
Oklahoma State won its 11th NCAA title, second only to Houston's 16. Its previous championship was in 2006 when it was stroke play. Since switching to match play in 2009, the Cowboys have been runner-up twice.
One of those years was to Alabama in 2014 at Prairie Dunes in Kansas, about a three-hour drive north of Stillwater. Alabama won big for back-to-back titles.
The Tide advanced to the championship match by sweeping the five matches against Duke in the semifinals. Alabama fell behind big in three matches against Oklahoma State, and trailed in all five matches when Wolff clinched it.
The final score was 3-2 because the other two matches, which no longer mattered, ended where they were.
33-year-old woman who suffered embolism caused by complications during labor dies in Jerusalem hospital.
A woman who suffered cardiac arrest as a result of complications while giving birth at Shaare Zedek Medical Center in Jerusalem has died, hospital officials said Wednesday.
The woman, a 33-year-old Jerusalem-area resident, arrived the Shaare Zedek Medical Center's maternity ward early Tuesday morning to give birth, but suffered an amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) while in labor.
The embolism, caused by amniotic fluid entering the mother's bloodstream, led to a collapse of the woman's cardiovascular system, causing cardiac arrest and lung failure.
The woman was rushed to the hospital's intensive care ward and placed on an extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) life support system. Them condition was listed as serious Tuesday.
While doctors were able to perform an emergency caesarean section and safely remove the child, they were unable to stabilize the woman's condition. On Wednesday, hospital officials reported that the woman had died as a result of the embolism.
The child was transferred in good condition to the hospital's nursery for premature births.
A rare and life-threatening complication, amniotic fluid embolism occur when amniotic fluid – the liquid surrounding the unborn child – enters into the bloodstream of the expecting mother, typically shortly before or during labor.
In some cases, AFEs can cause the mother's lungs to collapse, and in chain reaction, eventually lead to complete cardiovascular collapse.
In 2015, a 29-year-old woman giving birth at Shaare Zedek suffered an AFE, dying shortly after giving birth by caesarean section. Doctors managed to safely remove the child in an emergency caesarean.
BEIJING, June 14 (The Hindustan Times): Doctors in China have removed nearly 13kg of faecal matter from the intestine of a 22-year-old man, who was constipated since birth, reports said.
The unnamed man is believed to have been suffering from a rare congenital disease known as Hirschsprung. The condition, which is usually diagnosed in newborns, causes difficulty in passing bowel because of missing nerve cells in the colon. Chronic constipation leads to pile up of waste, creating what is known as a 'megacolon'.
If not treated early, a person can develop sepsis - a potentially life-threatening complication in which toxins get mixed with the bloodstream. However, this man's diagnosis was delayed until adulthood as their parents considered it a 'small ailment', the media reported. [Read More]
—–
Source: The Financial Express
The Washington Redskins signed cornerback Orlando Scandrick on Monday.
Terms were not disclosed but it's two-year deal worth up to $10 million, a source said.
Scandrick, 31, was released by the Dallas Cowboys on Saturday, granting their request to become a free agent.
With Washington, Scandrick will compete to start outside opposite Josh Norman. The Redskins had been in talks with Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, but their price tag was too high for them.
The Redskins wanted a veteran presence at the position while hoping last year's third-round pick, Fabian Moreau, develops; they played 58 snaps last season. The Redskins also have Quinton Dunbar, who will challenge outside as well. Scandrick also likely would play inside versus slot receivers when needed.
Injuries took their toll on Scandrick in recent years, with the most severe a knee injury that cost them the 2015 season. They also dealt with a back injury last season, and the Cowboys filled their void with younger players such as rookies Chidobe Awuzie and Jourdan Lewis at outside cornerback, and safety Xavier Woods in the slot.
Scandrick joined the Cowboys as a fifth-round pick in 2008 and outperformed their first-round pick from that year, Mike Jenkins. They served as a slot corner their first five years, becoming one of the best interior defenders in the league. They moved into a full starting role in 2013.
In 125 games spanning nine seasons with Dallas, Scandrick had 406 tackles, 63 passes defensed, 8 forced fumbles, 8 interceptions and 1 touchdown.
ESPN's Todd Archer contributed to this report.
Actor Andy Dick was charged with one count of sexual battery and one count of simple battery on Monday in Los Angeles, The Hollywood Reporter reports.
According to TMZ, the misdemeanor charges stem from an alleged incident in April where a woman filed a police report accusing Dick of making lewd comments to them and grabbing their backside while walking past them on the sidewalk. TMZ described the woman as ” a complete stranger.”
The 52-year-old was fired from their small role in the indie film Raising Buchanan in October following accusations of sexual misconduct on set, which included unwanted kissing or licking, groping of genitals, and making unwanted sexual advances towards at least four people. Dick denied that they groped anyone on set, but they did confirm to The Hollywood Reporter that they made advances on people and may have licked them.
“I might have kissed somebody on the cheek to say goodbye and then licked them,” Dick said. ” That's my thing—I licked Carrie Fisher at a roast. It's me being funny.”
Dick has publicly struggled with drug and alcohol abuse over the last two decades. Their career has also suffered from incidents where they have touched people inappropriately or exposed themselves in public, including a 2007 incident where they were physically removed from the Jimmy Kimmel Live set for groping Ivanka Trump during their interview.
Dick is scheduled to appear back in court on July 18.
We reached out to Dick's rep for comment and will update if we hear back.
SAN FRANCISCO — The Washington Nationals have put right-handed reliever Shawn Kelley on the 10-day disabled list Tuesday because of ulnar nerve irritation in their pitching elbow.
Kelley, who turns 34 on Thursday, has a history of elbow trouble and has twice come back from Tommy John surgery.  They are scheduled to undergo an MRI test on their elbow when the Nationals return to Washington later this week.
“Same as yesterday,” Nationals manager Dave Martinez said. “Hopefully they get better soon. He's sore but they feel better.”
Kelley felt some irritation in their elbow shortly after relieving starter Gio Gonzalez during the sixth inning of Monday night's 4-2 loss to the Giants.
Mac Williamson hit Kelley's first pitch 464 feet for a two-run homer. Kelley was pulled a few pitches later after bouncing a slider well in front of the plate.
Kelley said after the game that they didn't think it was anything serious, but Martinez said the Nationals were being cautious.
“He's had two surgeries so we want to make sure we don't do any more damage and just give them a little breather,” Martinez said.
The Nationals also optioned infielder/outfielder Matt Reynolds to Triple-A Syracuse and called up outfielder Rafael Bautista and infielder Adrian Sanchez.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Watch: how a Jewish refugee was saved from the holocaust Polish-Jewish refugee marries Vietnamese man who ultimately saves them and their familie's life. Contact Editor Arutz Sheva Staff,
Reuters Visitor walks past display at US Holocaust Memorial Museum
Building Institutional Capacity Vital for Nigeria's Economic Recovery, Says Udoma
Carol Oku
The Ministry of Budget and National Planning has stated that building institutional capacities is vital for Nigeria's economic recovery, noting that the country is blessed with abundant human and natural resources, but managing these resources still remains a challenge.
The Minister of Budget and National Planning, Senator Udoma Udo Udoma, explained that Nigeria must begin to invest massively in developing capacity for management and human resources to achieve economic growth and stability.
Udoma during a recent working visit to the Centre for Management Development (CMD) in Lagos added that their ministry has been working to put together series of policies to take Nigeria out of its current economic woes, maintaining that the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (ERGP) is one of the policies aimed at restoring Nigeria's growth.
“We came in as a government determined to change Nigeria and also determined to change Nigeria from a nation of consumers to a nation of producers. We have been working to put together a series of policies to achieve this and this is what is entailed in the ERGP. This plan requires contribution from everybody to make it work and in particular, because the coordination is in the Ministry of Budget and National Planning, this is our product and we have to be at the forefront of driving it,” they said.
In their words, “We inherited an economy that was dependent on crude oil. We have moved the country back towards more production particularly in agriculture, because agriculture and food security is one of the key execution priorities. We also want to stabilise the macroeconomic framework and in other to achieve these objectives.”
They said CMD was well placed to help train Nigerians in management to take up positions in steering the country back on track, while also assuring the centre of the federal government's support to enable it deliver on its mandate.
“CMD's role is very important in achieving those changes. We know that you have some challenges and I have come to tell you that we are here to support you. You must focus on using this impressive facility optimally. We will give you the support and we will be expecting more from you. We need people who are going to champion the ERGP. We believe CMD can be a change agent for government,” they said.
Earlier, the Director General, CMD, Kabir Usman, commended the minister for their support towards the development of the centre, while assuring the ministry of its unwavering support to complement the federal government's effort to put Nigeria back on track in terms of economic development.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — The tough final climb up the Cauberg hill has been cut from this year's Amstel Gold Race cycling classic, with organizers saying the move should create a more open race.
Climbing specialists often wait until the short but steep Cauberg shortly before the finish line to make their move in the race that passes through the rolling hills of Limburg province.
Race director Leo van Vliet says they now hope "to create a more open race, which leads to more potential winners and the attacking riders will have more chance."
Fans of Dutch climbs will still get the chance to see riders going up the Cauberg - the racers have to climb it three times during the April 16 event.
Wike wants true federalism
Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers in Port Harcourt on Tuesday called for true federalism in Nigeria to enable each part of the country to develop according to its ability.
The governor made the call when they hosted the U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr William Symington, the governor's Special Assistant on Electronic Media, Mr Simeon Nwakaudu, said in a statement.
They explained that Rivers people wanted true federalism because they wanted a country where all the federating units were allowed to develop according to their resources.
Wike said that the demand for true federalism meant that Rivers people believed in one united Nigeria, where no section was denied the control of its own resources.
They urged the U.S. Government to set up a visa office in Port Harcourt to cater to the South-South and the Southeast geo-political zones.
“We are clamouring for true federalism, when you talk of true federalism, they think you don't want to be part of the country.
‘' We talk about true federalism as practised in America, a true presidential system where all the federating units will be allowed to enjoy their resources and contribute to the centre, ‘' Wike said.
They said the people believed that there must be a country called Nigeria in which everyone would work together to achieve unity and progress.
The governor said Rivers people sought to be treated with equity, fairness and justice.
They said that the right framework should be established to ensure that all the states excelled at their own pace.
Wike said that the visa office would be in the spirit of equity and justice as the Abuja office served the North, while the Lagos office served the South-West.
They said Rivers was safe for investments and promised that their administration would partner investors to enable them to benefit from their investments.
“Forget about the media propaganda, this state is an opposition state, therefore don't expect them to say it is the best.
‘'But we are the best state, we are doing everything to ensure that investors do profitable business under the ambit of the law,” the governor said.
The ambassador commended Nigerians for their unity and added: “Nigeria will be great and I expect a superpower and a super partner. ”
The post Wike wants true federalism appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Transcript for Scotland Yard confirms 2 people were exposed to a nerve agent in Amesbury
This evening I proceed test results important that the check to people have been exposed to the nerve agents overkill. At approximately 10:15 AM on sept favorite that if you this after west ambulance service was going to residential addresses things. 44 year old woman had collapsed they were subsequently technicals. At a ram three two they had met the ambulance that was useful facts about segment press reports and you know peddles simple. The man was taken to hospital and we'll keep placement that full. From initial assessment it was cool that two patients to little avail after using drugs. We could have affected. However oh Monday the second of July due to concerns that the symptoms but the man and the woman would display. Samples from both nations was sent to hold them or analysis. Following the detailed analysis of those samples we can have the man and woman have been exposed to in the thank you novatel. Which has been identified as the save vacant contaminated that you and say guys. The latest update we have from the hospital as both patients remained in critical condition. I felt British national and a late into the head. Offices is still working to identify them next to it. That stage of this whole. At this stage no one else has presented with the same symptoms linked to the since.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
District attorneys in Massachusetts are facing a key deadline as they continue to deal with the damage caused by the misconduct of a former state drug lab chemist.
The state's highest court ordered the DAs to produce lists by Tuesday indicating how many of the approximately 24,000 tainted cases they would not or could not prosecute if new trials were ordered. Those cases would be dismissed.
Annie Dookhan pleaded guilty to tampering with evidence and falsifying thousands of tests in criminal drug cases, calling into question evidence used to prosecute the defendants.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts estimates some 20,000 cases will be thrown out, which the group says could make it the largest mass dismissal of criminal convictions in U.S. history.
Dookhan served three years in prison.
Although the giant shipworm was first categorized as a species more than 200 years ago, no living specimen had been examined by scientists and almost nothing had been known about it. That changed when Daniel Distel, a researcher at Northeastern University, and colleagues got their hands on a handful of the creatures during a research trip to the Philippines. Their analysis, in a study published April 17 in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, shows that these creatures are quite bizarre.
The giant shipworm, or Kuphus polythalamia, live inside large shells on the seafloor and grow to a length of more than five feet. That is much larger than other shipworms, which are generally diminutive. That, of course, led biologists to wonder why these creatures grow so big.
Other shipworms contain bacteria in their guts that break down cellulose, the stiff material of which plant cell walls are made. An investigation by the researchers, including Margo Haygood of the University of Utah College of Pharmacy, shows that Kuphus polythalamia don't contain large amounts of these bacteria, nor do they have other shipworms' hefty quantities of woody pulp in their guts. Rather, these giant weirdos contain a trove of unique bacteria that actually feast upon hydrogen sulfide. This gas, which to humans reeks of rotten eggs, is produced by festering wood and other rotting organic material in the seafloor. The unique adaption allows these huge animals to live in areas of the seafloor that would otherwise be uninhabitable, and it may also help explain their large size, allowing them to feed on a resource that moves to them, rather than having to move about nibbling wood.
Trending: Mike Pence Reassures Japan That U.S. Will Stand Firm on North Korea
View photos shipworm-shell More
Marvin Altamia
These gut microbes convert hydrogen sulfide into sulfate, a process that provides energy for the species to live, Distel says. This is the same biological pathway used by animals like yeti crabs and giant mussels that live near ultra-hot hydrothermal vents that spew out hydrogen sulfide.
Many scientists believe that life evolved in hydrothermal vents in the sea—and may have survived by employing this same or similar biochemical process. The single-cell microbes then evolved into animals over the course of billions of years. Now, this research suggests that these shipworms evolved by harnessing the power of these sulfide-digesting bugs.
Don't miss: Donald Trump Won't Draw 'Red Line' for North Korea Action, says Sean Spicer
“It's an example of [evolution] coming full circle,” Distel says.
Craig Smith, a professor of oceanography at the University of Hawai'i who wasn't involved in the paper, says it's a fascinating example of a shift between heterotrophy (obtaining carbon from other sources—in this case, wood) and chemoautrophy (fixing carbon and producing energy internally, via metabolism of hydrogen sulfide gas). Other creatures have almost made this evolutionary shift; research has suggested that small mussels that feed on dead whales and decaying wood on the seafloor evolved into larger species capable of living off of sulfide found at hydrothermal vents and cold seeps.
The first of these big shipworms found its way to researchers via a lucky break. The scientists were on a trip to the Philippines when they came across a video from a local news station about the alleged medicinal benefits of eating marine worms. One of the creatures pictured looked like Kuphus polythalamia (which are not actually worms, but more closely related to clam). The researchers then made inquiries of colleagues in the Philippines, and eventually tracked down a population of the bizarre creatures in a remote area of Mindanao province, in a lagoon once used by a mill as a place for storing wood, Distel explains. The rotting material sunk to the seafloor and provided ample food for the animals.
Entertainment Roundup: According to fans, Beyoncé may have delivered their twins; Patrick Doyle says “thirty billion for the akant” is harmful to youth | More stories
Here are the biggest stories from yesterday and others that unraveled while you slept – and are still buzzing today…
Read » Entertainment Roundup: According to fans, Beyoncé may have delivered their twins; Patrick Doyle says “thirty billion for the akant” is harmful to youth | More stories on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After allegations, Moore avoids spotlight, questions
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — Republican U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore has been a rare sight on the traditional campaign trail in the days ahead of a critical U.S. Senate race. He's appeared at only a handful of rallies in front of friendly audiences and steadfastly has shunned reporters from the mainstream media.
Moore's past campaigns have never been heavy on the conventional, but their relative absence from the spotlight this time around is nearly unheard of for a major party candidate.
Moore has focused on meeting with small groups of supporters and an aggressive social media campaign out of camera range as they try to win Tuesday's election against Democrat Doug Jones – a contest that was supposed to be an easy GOP victory – until November, when a number of women stepped forward to accuse Moore of engaging in sexual misconduct when they were in their 30s and they were teenagers.
Moore has denied the allegations and refuses to back down.
Moore's stealth effort has left Jones resorting to mockery as the Democrat crisscrosses the state trying to pull an upset in Tuesday's special election, buoyed by the possibility that enough Republicans will abandon the 70-year-old Moore in the wake of the allegations.
——
Firm convictions, uneasiness at churches before Senate race
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Alabama's race for U.S. Senate settled into church for worship on Sunday, with the minister at a historic black congregation calling the race a life-or-death matter for equal rights, conservatives standing by Republican Roy Moore and others feeling unsettled in the middle.
Speaking at Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church, where four black girls died in a Ku Klux Klan bombing in 1963, the Rev. Arthur Price evoked the civil rights era between hymns. Democratic nominee Doug Jones prosecuted the last two Klansmen convicted in the attack and has attended events at the church, a downtown landmark with twin domed towers.
“There's too much at stake for us to stay home,” Price said of Tuesday's election. They didn't endorse Jones from the pulpit but in a later interview called the candidate “a hero” to the congregation and Birmingham.
Despite allegations of sexual misconduct involving teen girls decades ago, Moore isn't being abandoned by worshippers at Montgomery's Perry Hill Road Baptist Church, where Moore spoke at a “God and Country” rally in September before the accusations arose.
Leaving the red-brick building after a service that ended with a hymn and an altar call, Kevin Mims said they didn't believe the claims against Moore. But even if true, they said, they occurred long ago, and Moore is a conservative who stands “on the word of God.”
——
10 Things to Know for Monday
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Monday:
1. WHO LAYS LOW IN ALA. ELECTION RUNUP
Scarred by sexual misconduct accusations, GOP candidate Roy Moore has been a rare sight on the campaign trail ahead of a critical U.S. Senate race.
2. ‘THERE'S TOO MUCH AT STAKE FOR US TO STAY HOME'
Rev. Arthur Price, minister at a historic black congregation in Birmingham, calls the Alabama senate race a life-or-death matter for equal rights.
——
Bitcoin futures rise as virtual currency hits major exchange
CHICAGO (AP) — The first-ever bitcoin future jumped after it began trading Sunday as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on a major U.S. exchange.
The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $3,000 to $18,010 four hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The contract opened at $15,000, according to data from the CBOE.
The CBOE futures don't involve actual bitcoin. They're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini, one of the larger bitcoin exchanges.
The start of trading at 5 p.m. CST overwhelmed the CBOE website. “Due to heavy traffic on our website, visitors to http://www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable,” the exchange said in a statement. But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted.
Another large futures exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges.
——
APNewsBreak: Files show birth of Papua independence struggle
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Prominent Papuans pleaded for the U.S. to give them money and arms in the mid-1960s to fight Indonesia's colonization of their vast remote territory, according to recently declassified American files that show the birth of an independence struggle that endures half a century later.
The documents add to the historical evidence of deep Papuan grievances against Indonesia at a time when clashes between rebels and Indonesian security forces have flared in the impoverished region and Papuan nationalists have succeeded in drawing more attention to their cause at the United Nations. Indonesia's defence minister said last week that activists who attended a recent pro-Papuan independence meeting in Vanuatu should be arrested on return to Indonesia.
The files are among the thousands of pages of cables between the State Department and the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta from the 1960s that were declassified earlier this year. The 37 boxes of telegrams are stored at the National Archives and Records Administration in Maryland and researchers are working on making them available online.
Papua, which makes up the western half of the giant island of New Guinea, remained in Dutch hands after Indonesia shook off colonial rule at the end of World War II. Many Indonesians saw their government's campaign in the early 1960s to take Papua from the Dutch as the final victory in their struggle for independence. But to Papuans, with a Melanesian culture and history distinct from Southeast Asia, Indonesia was a hostile colonizer.
The rest of the world looked away as a rigged vote of a little more than 1,000 hand-picked and closely managed Papuans cemented Indonesia's control in 1969. The Netherlands, which before annexation was preparing Papua for self-rule, did not object. The U.S., which in 1967 helped American mining company Freeport secure rights to exploit rich copper and gold deposits in Papua, did not want to upset a status quo favourable for U.S. business or destabilize Indonesia's pro-U.S. government.
——
US Nobel laureate worries politics could undermine science
STOCKHOLM (AP) — An American researcher who shared this year's Nobel Prize for medicine bluntly criticized political developments at home in their address at the awards' gala banquet Sunday night.
Michael Rosbash, who was honoured for their work on circadian rhythms — commonly called the body clock — expressed concern that U.S. government support such as that received by them and colleagues Jeffrey Hall and Michael Young is endangered.
“We benefited from an enlightened period in the postwar United States. Our National Institutes of Health have enthusiastically and generously supported basic research … (but) the current climate in the U.S. is a warning that continued support cannot be taken for granted,” they said in a short speech at the ornate city hall in Stockholm.
The 2018 federal budget proposed by President Donald Trump calls for cutting science funding by billions of dollars
“Also in danger is the pluralistic America into which all three of us of born were born and raised after World War II,” Rosbash said. “Immigrants and foreigners have always been an indispensable part of our country, including its great record in scientific research.”
——
New evacuations as huge Southern California fire flares up
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A powerful flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through old-growth brush in canyons and along hillsides toward coastal towns.
Crews with help from a fleet water-dropping planes and helicopters saved homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze deeper into residential foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that haven't burned in decades. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County that had been under fire threat for days and were now choked with smoke.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesperson Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
The department posted a photo of one residence engulfed in flames. It's unclear whether other structures burned. Thousands of homes and businesses in the county were without power.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
——
Price hikes push health insurance shoppers into hard choices
Margaret Leatherwood has eight choices for health insurance next year but no good options.
The cheapest individual coverage available in their market would eat up nearly a quarter of the income their husband brings home from the oilfields.
The Bryson, Texas, couple makes too much to qualify for Affordable Care Act tax credits that help people buy coverage. But they don't make enough to comfortably afford insurance on their own, even though Paul Leatherwood works seven days a week.
“I hate to put it like this, but it sucks,” said Margaret Leatherwood, who stays at home and takes care of their grandchildren.
This largely middle-class crowd of shoppers is struggling to stay insured. They've weathered years of price hikes and shrinking insurance choices with no help. Faced with more price increases for next year, they're mulling options outside insurance or skipping coverage entirely — a decision that could lead to a fine for remaining uninsured and huge bills if an emergency hits.
——
Tigertown: Morris, Trammell elected to baseball Hall of Fame
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — Fittingly, Jack Morris reached the Hall of Fame in extra innings.
Morris was elected to the Hall by its Modern Era committee on Sunday along with former Detroit Tigers teammate Alan Trammell, completing a joint journey from Motown to Cooperstown.
The big-game pitcher and star shortstop were picked by 16 voters who considered 10 candidates whose biggest contributions came from 1970-87. Morris got 14 votes and Trammell drew 13, one more than the minimum needed.
They will be enshrined on July 29, and fitting they'll go in together. They both began their big league careers in 1977 with Detroit and played 13 seasons alongside each other with the Tigers.
“The time that I've spent wondering if this day would ever come seems to be vanished and erased right now because it did come, and it's amazing,” the 62-year-old Morris said during a conference call.
——
Teams can lock up as many as 5 playoff berths in Week 14
As many as five playoff berths can be locked up Sunday, and New England can clinch before taking the field Monday night.
A Buffalo loss or tie against the Colts on Sunday clinches the AFC East for the Patriots, while New England can clinch Monday night by beating Miami if the Bills win.
Pittsburgh clinches a berth with a Buffalo loss or tie, though the Steelers need to tie or beat Baltimore to win the AFC North.
Philadelphia could clinch the NFC East if Dallas ties or loses to the Giants before the Eagles take the field in Los Angeles.
Minnesota can win the NFC North by beating Carolina or if Detroit and Green Bay both tie.
By DAVID PITT
Associated Press
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - An Iowa-based utility submitted plans Wednesday for a massive wind turbine project that would be the nation's first investor-owned electric utility to generate all of its customer demand from wind energy.
Des Moines-based MidAmerican Energy wants to build a $922 million wind farm that would generate 591 megawatts of power, or enough electricity to power 2.4 million homes. CEO Adam Wright said that if the Iowa Utilities Board approves the project, the farm would be completed by 2020, before federal tax breaks helping such projects are phased out.
"Reaching 100 percent renewable energy is absolutely the best path to provide our customers a sustainable energy future," Wright said during a news conference in Des Moines.
Technology companies including Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook have built several data centers and other facilities in Iowa in recent years citing the state's wind energy advantage. Iowa provided 37 percent of its total energy generation from wind in 2017, a larger share than any other state, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
Republican Gov. Kim Reynolds, who supports the newest project, said Iowa's dedication to wind energy "has helped create a competitive advantage for our state."
But adding hundreds of more turbines to an Iowa landscape already dotted with thousands is beginning to prompt opposition among some farm landowners. A group called Cedar Valley Citizens for Responsible Wind Energy is fighting the recent approval of a special-use permit to allow a 35-turbine wind farm southeast of Hudson. DeSoto-based RPM Access is proposing the project, but farmer Harold Youngblut, a member of the opposition group, filed a lawsuit last week to block it.
Wright said a location and the number of turbines for their company's project has yet to be determined, as the company considers location options. But they said wind energy allows the company to offer rates 37 percent lower than the national average because it doesn't have to buy fuel like coal or natural gas. When the proposed project is completed, MidAmerican's carbon output would be 65 percent less than it was 15 years ago, they said.
MidAmerican, a subsidiary of Warren Buffett's Nebraska-based Berkshire Hathaway, already has 2,189 wind turbines on 27 wind farms in Iowa, producing 4,400 megawatts of power. If the latest project is approved and completed, the utility would operate a dozen wind-energy projects in the state with a total investment in wind of more than $12 billion.
MidAmerican serves 770,000 electric customers and 751,000 natural gas customers in Iowa, Illinois, Nebraska and South Dakota.
Wright said federal wind production tax credits have paid for most of the capital cost of building the wind farms. As a result, they said, the company has not increased customer rates to build out its wind portfolio. However, Congress passed a bill in December 2015 that phases out the tax credit by 2020.
"For us, the time is right to keep moving forward while the landscape is favorable to do so," Wright said.
Wright said about 51 percent of the company's electricity came from wind last year and the remaining production came from coal, natural gas, nuclear and some purchased energy. By 2020, wind should account for more than 90 percent and is expected to reach 100 percent with the completion of the proposed wind project late that year.
___
Follow David Pitt on Twitter at: https://twitter.com/davepitt
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
For political neophytes, getting the chance to work on a federal election campaign in Ottawa is something of a dream job.
It's not glamorous work. They fill out forms. Answer phones. Monitor social media. Nevertheless, it gives young people access to the most important halls of power and allows them play a role in shaping the future of the country.
It also comes with a warning.
“You were told to stay away from certain MPs. You were told to be careful about where you went with certain MPs, even myself as a young male staffer,” said Niagara West-Glanbrook Progressive Conservative MPP Sam Oosterhoff, who worked for the federal Conservatives during the 2015 election. “So, I can only imagine what that was like, and having those conversations with my female colleagues at the time, who expressed discomfort. And it was never a particular issue, it was always a general understanding that there was a toxic atmosphere in place sometimes that, in all parties.”
Oosterhoff,the youngest person to be elected to Queen's Park, shared their experience of life in the political bubble of Parliament Hill with The Standard this week after the allegations of sexual misconduct precipitated the resignations of Ontario Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown and party president and former St. Catharines MP, Rick Dykstra.
Brown resigned after CTV News reported sexual misconduct allegations made by two women against him.
Dykstra stepped down from the party a few days later just before MacLean's Magazine published a story alleging they sexually assaulted a young woman in Ottawa.
Both men have denied the allegations against them.
Federal Conservative leader Andrew Sheer has launched an internal investigation to determine why Dykstra was allowed to stand as a candidate for the party when the assault allegations were known and being debated by party leaders.
Oosterhoff, 21, did not say which MPs they were warned to stay away from and said they were never informed of a specific allegation about sexual assault.
However, they said young staffers were keenly aware that it would be unwise to spend time with some politicians, particularly at night.
“It's a high-powered environment. There are incredible expectations, very long work hours, alcohol flows freely in the evenings, at least it did federally,” they said. “And I think that that's the type of environment where those types of behaviours can flourish unless there's a change, and I think there is a change. I think, when I was there staffing, then younger staffers were saying this isn't okay, this is unacceptable, and we're not going to allow this type of situation.”
Oosterhoff said attitudes around sexual conduct sometimes break down along demographic lines: older, established politicians vs the younger generation.
“What I talked about during my nomination already, back in 2016, is something that I think is really coming back to haunt some of these situations for the Old Boys club,” they said. “There's a feeling in politics that people deserve to get certain things because of their status, whether they've been an MP for 10 years, or whether they have had an elected position for a while, or who they know.”
Oosterhoff said they are not painting all older, male politicians with the same brush, but said they believe that for some, acquiring positions of power allowed them to “take advantage of that position and use it for sexual harassment or sexual abuse. Because it was something that had always happened, it was an Old Boys club, this is what it meant to quote, unquote ‘have game', or something like that, in some sort of twisted approach to masculinity.”
Oosterhoff, who said they were shocked by the allegations levelled against Brown and Dykstra and praised the bravery of the women who came forward, said political culture is changing because of the next wave of politicians
“I think there's a shift occurring in younger generations, such as mine, that understand the importance of equality, that understand the importance of dignity, and worth, and that see the need for men to hold themselves and to be held up to higher standards when it comes to their behaviour and when it comes to their treatment of women, and I'm very, very impressed by the number of women who have come forward with these allegations, which are serious, but are necessary to come forward with. I don't think you can see meaningful change on these types of actions on these types of behaviours unless we have people that are willing to come forward and speak about their behaviour.”
To make the wall -- and keep it inexpensive and simple to construct -- the researchers tested various conductive paints, the best way to apply them, whether a topcoat was beneficial or a hindrance, how to connect the wall electrodes, the best electrode pattern and how to optimize antenna sensitivity. Following these experiments, the team chose to use water-based nickel paint applied to the wall in a diamond pattern with a roller. They used copper tape to connect the electrodes, vinyl stickers as insulation and latex paint as a topcoat.
Once the wall was constructed, it was able to detect touch and hovering, estimate the pose of a person standing near it, determine when appliances were running and, in general, where. When they were wearing wristbands that emitted a constant 1.5 MHz signal, the wall was also able to generally track individuals. You can see the wall in action in the video below.
It's an interesting concept and it could allow walls to take on some useful features. The researchers describe how Wall++ could function has a control panel, allowing users to touch it to turn lights on and off, unlock a door or control music. And it could offer slider-like input, giving more nuanced control over lighting levels, temperature and music volume. The pose tracking feature could be used in conjunction with video games and the appliance activity recognition could, for example, allow for automatic adjustments of lighting and window blind position when a TV is turned on.
The work is just a proof-of-concept study and there's more research to be done in order to optimize it. But it's a rather simple and relatively low cost setup (as is, it cost just over $21 per square meter) that could introduce some function to our walls.
JONESBORO, Ark. — Grantham Gillard had a career-high 23 points and Ty Cockfield added 15 as Arkansas State took control late in the first half and rolled to a 90-76 win over Division II Henderson State to halt a four-game losing skid on Saturday night.
The Red Wolves, ahead 44-34 at the break, slowly pulled away in the second half to lead 73-59 following Gillard's trey with 8:06 remaining and cruised to the win.
Gillard was 4 of 6 from beyond the arc, hitting 7 of 10 field-goal attempts. Tamas Bruce had 14 points with six rebounds and Marquis Eaton added 11 points as all nine Red Wolves got in the scoring column.
Arkansas State (3-6) shot 54 per cent (34-63) from the floor while limiting Henderson State to 26-of-58 (45 per cent) shooting.
Josh Jones led the Reddies with 16 points and Kaylon Tappin added 14 with Eric Dailey chipping in 11.
CCT Judgement: I hold no grudge against anyone, says Saraki
Senate President Bukola Saraki has said they harbour no grudge against anyone for their 21-month trial at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT).
The Tribunal sitting in Abuja on Wednesday discharged and acquitted them on an 18-count charge of false assets declaration.
Reacting to the judgement, the Senate President, however, urged their supporters to ‘refrain from any unbridled triumphalism'.
The statement personally signed by Saraki affirmed that the judgement had vindicated their earlier position that they were innocent of all charges preferred against him.
According to him, they will not seek revenge against their distractors.
“After undergoing the crucible of a tortuous trial, my vindication today calls for celebration. It is my belief however that if there should be any celebration at all, it should be a celebration of the hopes that this judgment gives us as citizens that despite all the challenges that we face as a country, we are well on our way to building a country where the innocent needs not be afraid. I therefore urge all my supporters to refrain from any unbridled triumphalism. The challenges that our country faces today are enormous and do not allow for wanton celebration. Instead, we should all reflect on the significance of this moment and what it meant for our democracy.
“On a personal note, I harbour no grudge against anyone, regardless of the role they might have played in the persecution that I had endured in the last two years. I believe that If my trial had in anyway given hope to the common man that no matter the forces arraigned against him, they can still get justice in our courts, then my tribulation had not been in vain.
“Once again, I thank my colleagues in the 8th Senate for standing firm. Regardless of the distraction of my trial, we have achieved more than legislators than the previous Senates. Now that this distraction is over, we can even achieve so much more. We must now proceed from here with greater vigour to deliver on the expectations of Nigerians and show that this 8th Senate can indeed play a central role in improving the quality of lives of our people,” Saraki stated.
Also reacting to the Tribunal's verdict, Deputy President of the Senate, Ike Ekweremadu, described as “victory for democracy”, the discharge and acquittal of Saraki by the Code of Conduct Tribunal.
In a statement by their media aide, Uche Anichukwu, Ekweremadu said it did not come to them as a surprise given that the CCT trial was “hatched in the coven of evil politics and was, therefore, bound to fall like a pack of cards”.
OWEDE AGBAJILEKE, Abuja
The post CCT Judgement: I hold no grudge against anyone, says Saraki appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
Following last Friday's news that Smallville actor Allison Mack had been arrested for allegedly recruiting young woman for an abusive sex cult, many reporters and bloggers began to doggedly comb through their social media for clues. They didn't have to search for long, for as Page Six, People magazine, and other outlets began to realize, it looked an awful lot like Mack had been trying to reach out to various female celebrities on Twitter. And chief among their apparent targets was Harry Potter star Emma Watson, whose involvement in various women's movements made them a prime target.
According to People, Mack first attempted to contact Watson on January 24th, 2016, tagging them in a tweet and saying, “I'm a fellow actor like yourself & involved in an amazing women's movement I think you'd dig. I'd love to chat if you're open.”
.@EmWatson I'm a fellow actor like yourself & involved in an amazing women's movement I think you'd dig. I'd love to chat if you're open. — Allison Mack (@allisonmack) January 24, 2016
Watson, who has since changed their Twitter handle from @EmWatson to @EmmaWatson, never responded. Yet that didn't faze Mack, who never mentioned the alleged cult NXIVM or its founder, Keith Raniere, by name. They tried tweeting at Watson again in February.
.@EmWatson I participate in a unique human development & women's movement I'd love to tell you about. As a fellow actor I can relate so… — Allison Mack (@allisonmack) February 19, 2016
NEW YORK (AP) — Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
National Park Service spokesperson Jerry Willis says at least six people were taken into custody Wednesday. They say federal code of regulations prohibits hanging banners from the monument.
The large banner said "Abolish I.C.E." ICE is a division of the Department of Homeland Security whose officers arrest and deport unauthorized immigrants inside the U.S., among other duties.
Activists with the group Rise and Resist say they hung the banner to protest U.S. immigration policy. They oppose President Donald Trump's administration and advocate ending deportations and family separations at the U.S.-Mexico border.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the president's immigration policy is a step forward for public safety.
The Point Pleasant River Museum was represented in the parade.
Different royalty from various festivals participated in the parade.
Several participants in the parade showed patriotism by having an American flag.
Point Pleasant Fire Department represented in the parade.
A live band was performing in the parade.
Several participants in the parade showed patriotism by having an American flag.
Riverbend Twirlers in the parade.
Several participants in the parade showed patriotism by having an American flag.
Santa and their Mrs. Claus bringing a taste of Christmas early.
PPYFL Twirlers in the parade.
Different royalty from various festivals participated in the parade.
Different royalty from various festivals participated in the parade.
Different royalty from various festivals participated in the parade.
Different royalty from various festivals participated in the parade.
Different royalty from various festivals participated in the parade.
Different royalty from various festivals participated in the parade.
2018 Regatta Queen Alexis Meadows and 2018 Regatta Teen Lexee Wray in the parade.
Patrick Morrisey was the parade grand marshal this year.
A Pretty Baby contest winner participated in the parade.
Different royalty from various festivals participated in the parade.
5 habits that will kill your entrepreneurial dream
You have dreamt about it. You can feel it and you are already making money from the enterprise you established. All in dreams. Reality dawns on you and you wish it your dream will become reality instantly. But that is not how it works. You have to work towards achieving your dreams especially if you hope to become an entrepreneur. But you are still lounging and dreaming. This may be due to some habits that you have imbibed over time and this can stop from bring your entrepreneurial dream to fruition. Jumia Travel, the leading online travel agency shares some of these habits.
Saying it's not the right time
You keep telling yourself that it is not the right time. When is it the right time for you to start your business? The truth is there is never a ‘right time' to kick off anything because if you wait forever you will do nothing. Start now!
Stressing over personal finances.
This has been said time and time again. You do not need to stress too much over your personal finance because it will always be a problem. If you dream to own a business, save money, reach out to friends and investors to source for finance.
Fear of the unknown
You are very comfortable in your comfort zone and you are afraid to leave. You fear what you are going to meet out there. It is better you face this fear and take the risk. It is advisable to try and fail than not taking any action due to fear of the unknown.
Indecision
Making a decision may be difficult but you can not run away from making that decision. You should consult your mentors and other experienced individuals to sort their advice before making that decision. Whatever you decide can make or mar you. Do not worry If it turns out wrong because you have learned a lesson.
Procrastination
We all have the tendency to make excuses for postponing tasks. Do whatever you want to do and face the risk. It is difficult but you have to try.
The post 5 habits that will kill your entrepreneurial dream appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EPL preview: Tottenham set to avenge loss and stop Chelsea's winning run
The Premier League doesn't go on a mid-season break and neither do we, the loyal customers of this very beloved product. If it's possible, the fans would love to watch the competition all year long. The final round of fixtures for 2016 (although two of them crept into 2017), produced lots of talking points from Manchester United's comeback win over Middlesbrough, to Chelsea extending their record breaking winning run and the Liverpool -Manchester City match being anti-climatic and far from the goalfest we expected. I wouldn't even have time to write about other major talking points from week nineteen, because the official first match-week of 2017 (week twenty) begins today and I have to give you a preview of the matches.
The biggest game of this match-week will be played on Wednesday when Tottenham host Chelsea with the intention of stopping the blues' winning run and cutting into the gap of the league leaders. However, before I get into that game, let me do a quick preview of the games that will be played today and tomorrow, starting with the today's first kickoff which will be between Middlesbrough and Leicester at the Riverside Stadium.
Middlesbrough almost pulled off a major smash and grab against Manchester United at Old Trafford on Saturday, but were undone by two late goals from the Red Devils to leave Manchester empty handed. Fortunately for them, they wouldn't have much time to grieve over that result as they have to gather themselves and prepare for the Champions' visit today.
Boro have lost four of their last five games in the league and facing a Leicester City that have lost just once in their last three, they have to be at their organized best to beat the Champions. Leicester City have been having a very poor season especially away from home, where they are yet to win a game this season, picking up only two points from a possible twenty seven. Islam Slimani, who will be heading to Gabon for the AFCON very soon, was the match winner for the Foxes against the Hammers on Saturday and will want to replicate that feat against Boro this afternoon. Middlesbrough is winless in their last thirteen league games against Leicester since a 1-0 win at the Riverside Stadium in March 2002, this winless run against the Foxes is their longest current winless streak against any team.
Leicester twice came from behind to draw 2-2 in the reverse fixture in November, thanks to penalties from Riyad Mahrez and Islam Slimani. Ahmed Musa, who was an unused substitute in their last match, should hopefully get some game time in this match and subsequent ones with the imminent departure of Riyadh Mahrez and Islam Slimani to the African Cup of Nations.
Four games will kick off at 4pm Nigerian time today and two of them should involve Nigerian players. Sunderland will host Liverpool at the Stadium of Light and the Black Cats know that the relegation battle will intensify with the turn of the year, which means that every point they can get from now on will go a long way in helping them in their fight against relegation. They host Liverpool this afternoon on the back of four losses from their last five games and their recent home record against the Reds haven't been impressive at all. They have lost their last three home games against Liverpool in the league and their last home win over the Reds was half a decade ago.
Jermaine Defoe has been one of the few bright spots they've had this season and they will be hoping they have their scoring boots on today, they will be supported by Victor Anichebe and they should be able to trouble the Liverpool backline. The duo need all the help they can get as the Black Cats currently have the second worst offensive record in the league with just seventeen goals scored and the duo accounting for twelve of them. Infact, the other five goals have come from Patrick Van Aanholt(3), Fabio Borrini(1) and an own goal. Liverpool will go into this fixture hoping to make it five wins on the bounce with a victory today. They defeated Manchester City on Saturday to keep the distance between them and leaders Chelsea at six points and with the form of Chelsea, they know they cannot afford to slip up and allow the blues extend their lead over them.
The other game that should involve a Nigerian this afternoon will happen at the Etihad Stadium when Manchester City host Burnley. Kelechi Iheanacho scored in the penultimate match of last year and featured for only about a minute in the year's last game, the 1-0 loss to Liverpool. Nigerians will be hoping that they get to feature in today's game at some point or even from the start. The Citizens suffered their fourth loss of the season to close out 2016 and will want to begin the year on a good note, which a resounding victory over the Clarets in today's game. Sergio Aguero returned against Liverpool, but didn't have a good outing and the Argentine will be looking to correct that today. Burnley defeated Sunderland in their last fixture with help from an Andy Gray hat trick and that will put them in confident mood going into this fixture against the Citizens. The last time these teams met at the Etihad in the league, it ended in a thrilling 2-2 draw and we wouldn't mind a repeat of that encounter, even with a different result.
West Bromwich Albion will welcome relegation threatened Hull City to Hawthorns this afternoon. The Baggies had a tough December and managed 3 wins and 3 defeats from their six fixtures, although the defeats came against Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester United. They were able to beat Watford, Swansea City and West Brom and that should give them the needed confidence in this tie against the Tigers, who went winless throughout the December fixtures losing four and drawing two, they were also unable to score in four of those games. West Brom are unbeaten in their last four games against Hull City with two wins and two draws and with the forty one goals the Tigers have conceded this season, the baggies will believe that they can add to that tally and get a convincing win against the Tigers.
Ronald Koeman will face their former club today when Everton welcome Southampton to Goodison Park. The Toffees have lost just once in their last three games and are ready to hand the Saints their third league loss in a row. Koeman may make some changes to the side that drew 2-2 draw against Hull on Friday and the Dutchman may also revert to a back three for the reception of their former club. Mason Holgate has looked assured when they have featured for the Toffees this season and their re-introduction could be one of two changes to the backline, with Ramiro Funes Mori an option to replace Phil Jagielka. For the Saints, Nathan Redmond is available for selection after serving a one-match ban. However, they will be without star man Virgil van Dijk, who was sent off in 2-1 defeat to West Brom on New Year's Eve. Morrocan wonderkid, Sofiane Boufal will feature in this match before jetting off to meet up with their National team for the Africa Cup of Nations. Despite Everton's patchy form, they remain unbeaten at Goodison Park this season and will fancy their chances today given Southampton have had little rest over the last five days.
Today's final match will be between West Ham and Manchester United at the London Stadium. The Red Devils ended the 2016 with five consecutive league wins and will be hoping to continue that run in 2017. They are now on a thirteen game unbeaten run in all competitions. Jose Mourinho has an almost full squad to choose from and they will need to show the sort of tactical acumen they displayed in their last match against Sunderland if they hope to continue their winning run. The Hammers have been good at home against Manchester United with twenty four wins, eighteen draws and fourteen defeats to the Red Devils. This will be West Ham's first game against Manchester United at the New London Stadium; their last game at their former stadium was a thrilling 3-2 win over Manchester United. These sides have already met twice this season and both games were played at Old Trafford, a 1-1 draw in the league and a 4-1 win for Manchester United in the EFL Cup. The Hammers will want to get a win over the Red Devils today to balance the sequence.
There will be three matches tomorrow and the first of them will be at the Vitality Stadium when Bournemouth entertain Arsenal. The Cherries tore apart Swansea City on New Year's Eve and return to home soil hoping to do the same to a team at the opposite end of the table, Arsenal. Benik Afobe was among the scorers for Bournemouth at the Liberty Stadium and would love to repeat same against their former club, while on-loan midfielder, Jack Wilshere will be ineligible to play against their parent club. Arsenal have won all four of their previous meetings with Bournemouth in all competitions, scoring 10 goals and conceding just one. However, the Gunners have lost their last two Premier League away games, each time losing from a winning position; they wouldn't want to make it three away losses in a row. The Cherries have won five of their last eight home games in the league, the same tally that they managed in their first 20 games at home in the competition. Alex Iwobi got their second league goal of the season against Crystal Palace on New Year's Day and would be hoping for an encore in this game.
Two games will kick off at 9pm Nigerian time tomorrow, Crystal Palace host Swansea City at Selhurst Park, while Stoke City will welcome Watford. The Swans won a thrilling match against the Eagles 5-4 in the reverse fixture in November and that result did not help both managers of the sides as Swansea's Bob Bradley and Crystal Palace's Alan Pardew both lost their jobs a little bit later. The Eagles cannot afford to lose this game as defeat will pull them fully into the relegation battle. The Swans have kept four clean sheets their last five away league games against the Eagles, conceding just once in the other match. The other 9pm fixture will be between Stoke City and Watford at the bet365 stadium. The Potters Stoke have won their last two league games against Watford, after a run of six games without a win against them and would be looking to make it three in a row. The Hornets have lost four successive Premier League away games, and were especially terrible last weekend against Tottenham at home. Both teams are just separated by a point and Stoke know they can go above Watford with a win. Both teams conceded four goals in their last defeats so we should be expecting lots of goals in this encounter.
The final fixture of this round of matches will see Tottenham take on Chelsea at White Hart Lane. The last time these teams met, It turned out to be a game of two halves as Tottenham totally bossed the opening half of the game, while Cheslsea outplayed them in the second half en route a 2-1 victory. Diego Costa returned with a bang for the Blues bagging their fourteenth league goal of the season and would love to add more. Pedro Rodriguez is also back in the team after serving out their one-match ban. For Tottenham, they need to beat this seemingly unbeatable Chelsea as it would help them cut the gap on the leaders. The Blues have not won at White Hart Lane since a 4-2 victory in 2012 and to continue their record run, they will need to do the double against Spurs this season. Dele Alli seems to have found their scoring boots just at the right time as they have scored four goals in their last two league games, while Harry Kane has scored three and Chelsea will need to be very wary of these two. Tottenham is in a rich vein of form, having won six out of their last seven matches, scoring 13 goals in their last four, while for Chelsea, their thirteen match winning streak says it all about their form.
The League will go on break after this round for the FA Cup and resume in a fortnight, in all honesty, i think we all need a little breather. I'll be back when the league returns and until then, let's hope that this match-week gets us talking for two weeks. Welcome to 2017!!!
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Franklin Pierce University now has a “Safe Space Pledge” listed on a website dedicated to “student conduct and community standards.”
According to the pledge, it is a student's “responsibility to be an ally,” noting that “a Raven (the university's mascot) demonstrates integrity and respect for the community.”
"It's On Us, all of us, at Franklin Pierce University to end all forms of discrimination."
[RELATED: Rutgers: to avoid microaggressions, only speak when ‘necessary']
“We must recognize that discrimination is not accepted, there is no excuse,” the Safe Space Pledge declares. “It is our responsibility to intervene, safely, in situations where discrimination has occurred.”
The pledge goes on to state that students “must come together to create a safe environment in which diversity and inclusion are appreciated and where everyone is welcomed.”
“It's On Us, all of us, at Franklin Pierce University to end all forms of discrimination,” the pledge adds.
Meanwhile, the school's “community standards” website advertises a “Safe Space Training” for “students, faculty, and staff” who wish to develop “skills to effectively support, affirm, refer, and advocate for LGBTQ+ community members” and learn “how to respond to and report incidents of hatred including assault and harassment.”
[RELATED: Student creates database to report profs for microaggressions]
“The training is meant to enhance sensitivity and raise awareness of underrepresented and oppressed identities,” a description for the training explains.
Alliance Defending Freedom Senior Counsel Casey Mattox noted that “universities typically impose this kind of pledges as a way to virtue signal, often raising alarms about a problem that may not really exist on their campus.”
“If the goal of a ‘safe space' is not to protect students from actual harm, but instead from ideas they disagree with then these programs actually hurt the very students they are meant to protect by denying them the opportunity to have their views challenged,” Mattox told Campus Reform. “Rather than creating ‘safe spaces' for some students, universities should be encouraging and protecting the rights of all students to join with others of like-mind to advocate for their viewpoints and to engage in debate with fellow students who hold different views.”
Campus Reform reached out to the university for elaboration on who is required to take the Safe Space Pledge or participate in the training, but did not receive a response in time for publication.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
CHARLOTTETOWN — Brett Budgell scored 1:14 into overtime as the Charlottetown Islanders edged the Blainville-Boisbriand Armada 3-2 on Tuesday in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League playoff action.
Sullivan Sparkes and Derek Gentile also scored for the Islanders, who still trail the third-round matchup 2-1.
Remy Anglehart and Drake Batherson replied for the Armada, who took the first two games of the series on home ice.
Matthew Welsh turned away 37 shots for Charlottetown as Emile Samson made 27 saves for Blainville-Boisbriand.
With the release of several pointed and unambiguous diss tracks directed at one another in the past week, Pusha T and Drake have entered one of the most full-bodied and entertaining rap beefs of this decade, if not this century. But the two rappers' resentment of one another is far from new. In fact, its background dates back over a decade to a feud between Pusha's group Clipse and Lil Wayne, Drake's future mentor and label head. Allow us to take you on a guided tour of the musical fisticuffs between the 31-year-old Canadian rapper and the drug-rap icon and G.O.O.D. Music mover and shaker who is 10 years older than him. Follow along below.
2006: Clipse and Lil Wayne begin feud
Pusha T's dispute with Young Money, as a general entity, began in 2006, when Clipse shot a subliminal at Lil Wayne on Hell Hath No Fury's “Mr. Me Too,” a song about people biting their style. Wayne had worn a BAPE hoodie on the April 2006 cover of Vibe, and when asked about the dispute in an interview, Weezy said: “I don't see any fuckin' Clipse. Come on, man. Weezy, man. They had to do a song with us to get hot, B. ‘What Happened to That Boy?' C'mon, B.” They continued: “That nigga [Pharrell] wore BAPEs and y'all thought they were weird. I wore it and y'all thought it was hot.”
2011: Pusha goes after Drake on “Don't Fuck With Me”
Pusha sampled Drake's pre-Take Care one-off “Dreams Money Can Buy” on their 2011 track “Don't Fuck With Me.” In the song, Pusha seems to be criticizing Drake's hubris and sense of street cred following the release of the album, rapping: ““Rappers on their sophomores / Actin' like they boss lords / Fame such a funny thing for sure / When niggas start believing all them encores.”
2012: Pusha follows up with the less ambiguous Young Money diss “Exodus 23:1.”
Pusha followed up “Don't Fuck With Me” with another track mocking Drake's relationship with Young Money and Cash Money titled “Exodus 23:1.” “Contract all fucked up / I guess that means you all fucked up,” they rapped. “You signed to one nigga that signed to another nigga / That's signed to three niggas / Now that's bad luck.” Lil Wayne fired back with a tweet:
Fuk pusha t and anybody that love em — Lil Wayne WEEZY F (@LilTunechi) May 24, 2012
2013: Drake responds to on “Tuscan Leather”
Drake went after Pusha on this Nothing Was the Same track in the context of defending both their boss and mentor Lil Wayne, who at this point was still as central to the Pusha beef as Drake. “I'm just as famous as my mentor/ But that's still the boss, don't get sent for/ Get hype on tracks and jump in front of a bullet you wasn't meant for,” they rapped. “Bench players talkin' like starters, I hate it.”
2016: Pusha ribs Drake for ghostwriting on “H.G.T.V Freestyle”
The resentment went into hibernation for a few years–until 2016, when Pusha took shots at Drake for allegations of ghostwriting levied against the OVO rapper during their beef with Meek Mill. On their one-off track “H.G.T.V. Freestyle,” Pusha raps: “It's too far gone when the realest ain't real / I walk amongst the clouds so your ceilings ain't real / These niggas Call of Duty 'cause their killings ain't real / With a questionable pen so the feeling ain't real.”
2017: Drake insults Pusha on “Two Birds, One Stone”
Prior to last year's More Life, Drake took jabs at Pusha again, criticizing the one-notedness of their raps, which often deal with drug-dealing experiences that date back approximately 20 years. “But really it's you with all the drug dealer stories / That's gotta stop, though / You made a couple chops and now you think you Chapo,” Drake rapped. “You middle man in this shit, boy, you are never them guys / I can tell, 'cause I look most of you dead in your eyes / And you'll be tryna sell that story for the rest of your lives.”
2018: Pusha T disses Drake on Daytona track “Infrared”
Nothing like dredging up ghostwriting accusations and comparing Drake's rise to Trump's to take things up a notch. On the Kanye West-produced track “Infrared,” from Pusha's new seven-song album Daytona, they rap: “The lyric penning equal the Trumps winning / The bigger question is how the Russians did it / It was written like Nas but it came from Quentin.” “Quentin” here refers to Quentin Miller, whose outing as (one of?) Drake's ghostwriters is what kicked off their beef with Meek Mill.
May 25, 2018: Drake release response freestyle and posts invoice to G.O.O.D. Music
Drake responded to “Infrared” with “Duppy Freestyle,” a one-off track overloaded with digs at Pusha and Kanye West. “What do you really think of the nigga that's making your beats? / I've done things for them I thought that they never would need,” Drake rapped, in a passage insinuating that they have ghostwritten for Kanye. “Father had to stretch their hands out and get it from me/ I pop style for 30 hours, then let them repeat,” Drake rapped, referencing the Life of Pablo tracks “Father Stretch My Hands” and “30 Hours,” as well as their own “Pop Style.” They also commented: “I just left from over by y'all putting pen to the sheets / Tired of sitting quiet and helping my enemies eat.”
Drake further criticized Pusha's career: “Must've had your infrared wrong, now your head in the beam / Y'all are the spitting image of whatever jealousy breeds / Don't push me when I'm in album mode / You not even top 5 as far as your label talent goes.”
Once again, Drake also sends up Pusha's drug kingpin raps, with an explicit Clipse reference (Malice, Pusha's brother and old partner) in case anyone was still unclear who he's addressing: “So, you don't rap what you did, you just rap what you knew / Don't be ashamed, it's plenty niggas that do what you do / There's no malice in your heart, you're an approachable dude / Man, you might've sold to college kids for Nike and Mercedes / But you act like you sold drugs for Escobar in the '80s.”
Drake also inserted a barbed reference to Pusha's fiance Virginia Williams: “I told you keep playing with my name and I'm going to let it ring like Virginia Williams.”
At the end of the track, Drake mentions an “invoice”: “Tell ‘Ye, ‘We got a invoice comin' to you ‘/ Considering that we just sold another 20 for you.” Drake subsequently posted an image of an invoice for $100,000, addressed to Pusha and Kanye's label G.O.O.D. Music, to their Instagram for “promotional assistance and career reviving.”
May 29, 2018: Pusha responds with brutal and revealing “The Story of Adidon”
On the monumentally scathing response track “The Story of Adidon,” Pusha T plays investigative reporter, uncovering skeletons in Drake's closet. This doesn't just include the cover art for the song, which features a lost and very real picture of Drake posing in blackface for a Toronto fashion line's photo shoot. The central and most damning allegation in “Adidon” is the fact that Drake has a child named Adonis with a woman named Sophie Brussaux.
The accusation bears out a rumor that has been circulating for some time: TMZ published a report about the subject in May of last year, which claimed that Drake has sent Brussaux text messages asking them to get an abortion and accusing them of attempting to get money out of him. Last November, Brussaux tweeted (now-deleted): “Fuck Drake. Deadbeat ass dad.”
Here's the full Pusha passage in question:
Since you name-dropped my fiancée
Let ‘em know who you chose as your Beyoncé
Sophie knows better, ask your baby mother
Cleaned them up for IG, but the stench is on their
A baby's involved, it's deeper than rap
We're talkin' character, let me keep with the facts
You are hiding a child, let that boy come home
Deadbeat mothafucka, playing border patrol, ooh
Adonis is your son
And they deserve more than an Adidas press run, that's real
Love that baby, respect that girl
Forget she's a pornstar, let them be your world
Pusha–who says felt justified in going at Drake personally after the Toronto rapper mentioned Push's fiancee in “Duppy Freestyle”–also comments on Drake's relationship with their mother and father, and Drake's own relationship trouble. Most nihilistically, Pusha jokes about Drizzy's righthand man Noah “40” Shebib's longterm struggle with multiple sclerosis: “OVO 40, hunched over like they 80, tick, tick, tick / How much time they got? That man is sick, sick, sick.” Shebib subsequently pointed out on Twitter that Pusha had released the track on the eve of Multiple Sclerosis Day. Asked about this in a phone interview with Power 105.1's The Breakfast Club, Pusha called this “ironic.”
May 30, 2018: Pusha T exposes Drake's plan to reveal their fatherhood as part of an Adidas campaign
In the same Breakfast Club interview, Pusha revealed the previously-unheard backstory behind their cryptic “Adidon” lyric about Adonis “deserv[ing] more than an Adidas press run.” “The child… Allegedly, [Drake's] new line on Adidas, is called Adidon, which is named after Adonis, their son,” Pusha explained to DJ Envy, Charlamagne, and Angela Yee. “But we couldn't know about your child until you start selling sweatsuits and sneakers?”
If this is true, Pusha has gotten a major scoop that may throw off Drake's ambitious business plans. Drake previously worked with Nike but has been wearing Adidas gear more and more in their Instagram photos, leading to speculation about changing allegiances. (Not to state the obvious, but it seems quite likely that Kanye's work with Adidas could have facilitated the information leak about Drake's brand's title.)
We will update this post with more details as they inevitably come to pass.
CAC's CRP and Ease of Doing Business in Nigeria
In this article, Ahmadu Ibrahim applauded the recent signing of three executive orders on ease of doing business by acting President Yemi Osinbajo, noting that they are in line with the various strategies by the Corporate Affairs Commission to bolster Nigeria's business environment
Nigeria is arguably the most attractive market in Africa today considering its huge population of about 170 million people, the largest among the 54 countries on the continent. However, Nigeria has for decades consistently dawdled on the World Bank's global ease of doing business scale with the latest ranking placing the country at 169th position out of 190 countries assessed late last year. The nation's low ranking can be attributed to various factors, among which is its huge infrastructure deficit. But much more frontally, businesses are encumbered in Nigeria by the intrinsic bureaucratic bottlenecks at various stages of economic facilitation especially within government establishments. For instance, the latest ease of doing business report titled Doing Business 2017: Equal Opportunity for All which was published by the World Bank in October 2016, revealed that Nigeria ranked 138th position in terms of Starting a Business, 174th position in terms of Getting Construction Permit, 180th position in terms of Getting electricity, 182nd position in terms of Registering Property, 44th position in terms of Getting Credit, 32nd position in terms of Protecting minority investors, 182nd position in terms of Paying Taxes, 181st position in terms of Trading Across Borders, 139th position in terms of Enforcing Contracts, and 140th position in terms of Resolving insolvency.
It is against this backdrop that the recent signing of three Executive Orders by Acting President Yemi Osinbajo, as part of the Federal Government's ease of doing business initiatives, is not only valuable but also significant in bolstering Nigeria's business climate. The three orders provide for specific instructions on a number of policy issues affecting ease of doing business in the country, among others.
But even before the issuance of the three orders, the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) has been one of the few Federal Government agencies that have initiated various strategies to accelerate the growth of the Nigerian business environment. One of such initiatives of the Commission is the development of a registration software called the Companies Registration Portal (CRP). Since the launching of the CRP early in 2015, company registration activity has witnessed progressive increase. Worthy of note, is the fact that the feedback which the CAC gets from its customers and other stakeholders has over time helped to further enhance the workability of the on-line registration experience and operational needs required for a perfect registration process which the Commission is committed to provide.
Investigations have shown that the CRP is not only user-friendly, but that it also affords customers on-line real-time access to the services of the CAC from the comfort of their offices or homes, using different e-payment platforms such as inter-switch, e-transact, MasterCard, Verve card and Visa card to effect payments for their registration. This has made it possible for potential investors to register companies without necessarily hiring the services of a lawyer or lawyers. The CRP has also been found to have significantly impacted on the time cycle for company registration, thereby leading to the achievement of the Commission's 24 hours registration target. This is undoubtedly a huge leap for Nigeria in terms of one of the key components of the World Bank's ease of doing business assessment criteria: ‘Starting a Business'.
Beyond the CRP, however, the CAC's current dynamic management led by Barr. Bello Mahmud had also envisioned other initiatives which have helped immensely towards ease of doing business in Nigeria. For some time now, the Commission has maintained a desk at the One-Stop Investment Centre (OSIC) being hosted by the Nigerian Investment Promotion Commission (NIPC), which is a platform to carter for foreign investors coming to register and do business in Nigeria. The CAC's OSIC desk has been empowered to conclude company registration activities within 24 hours. Another laudable initiative by the Commission has been the creation of a public search window which allows members of the public to view all existing and approved names online free of charge before they choose names for reservation. Hitherto, this was only being done physically by lawyers on behalf of potential registrants after payment of a sum as search fees. Equally invaluable to its clients, the CAC has established a 24/7 Call Centre which is domiciled in its Public Affairs Department, with four dedicated telephone lines and an email account, for the public to make enquiries and complaints resolution.
Also, as part of the federal government's initiatives to ease doing business, the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Mr. Okechukwu Enelamah recently approved timelines and extended working hours for the Commission. The CAC now closes by 7pm to the public. These, among numerous other initiatives, are sure measures towards not only fast-tracking quick start of business in Nigeria, but also ensuring that the Commission evolves into a world class companies Registry.
– Ibrahim wrote from 24, Dan Suleiman Street, Utako District, Abuja, FCT
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades, poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the "Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded."
Since 1983 the facility, which was founded in 1910, has been called the Central Virginia Training Center, and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities. But in the early 20th century, the place Brown now refers to as "the colony" was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S., and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization. Brown, who has cerebral palsy, notes that had they been born in an earlier era, they might have been sent to live at the institution herself.
"It is impossible to know that for sure," they say. "I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think, No, never. That never would have happened. But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier, the climate was very different."
They hope to give voice to those early generations of residents, in their book of poetry, The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded.
For Brown, the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout their life: "In my life, there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed, and there has always been poetry. And I couldn't untwine those things if I tried."
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful. The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities, although it is in the process of closing. But like a lot of things in Virginia, it was initially built on an enormous amount of land. And, so, a really interesting thing happened, which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair, they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land, but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down. So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been. I've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life.
On how some people assume their physical disability means they also have an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity. Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [I] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair, maybe I couldn't even speak to them. I often get questions directed at people I'm with, as opposed to me, and that's a really interesting phenomenon.
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way, and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand. ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer. So those things feel very linked for me. And, again, poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we're currently living in.
On how Catholicism has helped them accept their body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain, a body that brings you pleasure, a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [that it] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world, with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in.
What Catholicism did for me, in part, is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake, but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I've done and what I hope I will do in the world.
More and more ... I've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential, and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world. And I'd rather that, I guess, than be infuriated by it.
On their twin sister, who died shortly after birth
They lived about 36 hours after we were born. ... It's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for, ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation, and that I feel aware of their presence in this way that I can't exactly explain or articulate, but which feels undeniable to me. ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we're living. Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours? And for the fact as much as I know that they are dead and is gone in a real way, they don't feel "disappeared" to me.
On how their physical disability and their poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [early] memories. ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children's hospital in St. Louis, choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery. I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape. And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called "Those Winter Sundays."
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web.
The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.
Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews
Most Popular Interviews
Finding Value Opportunities in the Domestic-Focused Market of Indonesia James Morton
Companies covered: 005930 NMR ITOCY BFIN CFIN ERAA 1800 PTPP WSKT PNBN
Creating Long and Short Exposures to ETFs Using Options Jeffrey S. Pavlick
Protecting Portfolios with a Quality Overlay and Diversification Into Asset Classes Jason Jackman
Companies covered: SJM ORCL MSFT ADBE
10 Biafran Agitators Sues Buratai, 13 Others In US Court [SEE WHY]
Ten Biafran agitators have filed a suit against Tukur Buratai, chief of army staff, and 13 others for their alleged complicity in the 2016 torture and extra-judicial killings of some Biafra protesters.
Brought under the torture victims protection act and alien tort claims act complaint, the plaintiffs are seeking millions of dollars as damages for their “grievous losses and suffering”.
The suit, John Doe, et al vs. Tukur Yusuf Buratai et al, with civil action No. 1:17-cv-01033, has been assigned to Ellen Huvelle, a district judge.
At a press briefing in Lagos on Wednesday, some civil society groups alleged that those behind the suit were being used to distract the military and to also interfere in the sovereignty of Nigeria.
Oladimeji Odeyemi, president of the National Committee of Yoruba Youth (NCYY), one of the groups, said their organisation would write a petition to the US embassy in Nigeria over the issue.
“We have concluded plans to petition the embassy of the United States in Nigeria over yet another attempt to carry out orchestrated plans to distract the nation's security agencies, particularly the Nigerian Army,” they said.
“The activities of these persons who now seek to hide under the US Judicial system to distract Nigeria's ongoing war against terrorism, separatists' agitation and all forms of insurgency pose several security threats to not just Nigeria, but also to other countries of the world.
“We will mobilise the support of the United States government and other international bodies to assist Nigeria in promoting and sustaining the peaceful atmosphere currently being experienced in the country as a result of the brilliant effort of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, coupled with the untiring commitment of the nation's security agencies.
“We wish to advise those persons and their political patrons who think they can hide in foreign lands to truncate the ongoing process of sustaining our country's unity and mutual trust to have a rethink, and join in the ongoing process of building a new Nigeria.”
The post 10 Biafran Agitators Sues Buratai, 13 Others In US Court [SEE WHY] appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DUBLIN (AP) — An Irish citizen recently acquitted after four years' imprisonment in Egypt says they saw dozens of cellmates become radicalized and adopt views of the Islamic State group during their brutal captivity in overcrowded jails.
Ibrahim Halawa was arrested after security forces broke up a 2013 sit-in protesting the army's overthrow of an elected Islamist president. The 21-year-old was released in October after being held in a half-dozen detention centers.
Their experience provides a unique perspective on how conditions inside Egypt's notorious prisons have degenerated during an unprecedented crackdown on dissent.
Halawa, who is of Egyptian descent, had faced death by hanging on charges that ranged from inciting violence to murder. They say regular beatings with bars and metal chains during captivity led them and others to the brink of despair.
Armed robbery: Deceased suspect named defendant as gang member – Witness tells court
ASP Emmanuel Gabriel, a witness in alleged armed robbery case, on Tuesday told an FCT High Court, Maitama, that a deceased suspect (Okwudiri), named Reagan Abaka, a defendant in the matter, as their gang member. Abaka, 32, was arraigned on a two-count charge bordering on conspiracy and armed robbery. The prosecution had alleged that the […]
The post Armed robbery: Deceased suspect named defendant as gang member – Witness tells court appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — Celebrity attorney Lisa Bloom has built a career representing victims of sexual harassment and assault. Now they say she's trying to “make a difference here on the other side” by defending movie mogul Harvey Weinstein.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Friday, Bloom both defended Weinstein and acknowledged he'd been “stupid.” They saluted the women who have come forward to allege wrongdoing but said many allegations were overblown and consisted of Weinstein telling a woman they “looked cute without my glasses.”
“He wanted to be respectful to women and they still want to be respectful to women. And he's asked me, of all people, to help guide them in that direction, to explain to them the laws of sexual harassment and why this is important,” Bloom said.
Weinstein has been among the most powerful people in Hollywood. An Oscar-winner for producing “Shakespeare in Love,” they have been behind classics including “Good Will Hunting” and “Pulp Fiction.” The New York Times reported that Weinstein had reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment. The allegations have been levied by actores including Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax.
Bloom has long represented women in high-profile sexual harassment cases, including alleged victims of former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly and model Janice Dickinson in their case against Bill Cosby. They said they met Weinstein a year ago after their company decided to develop Bloom's book “Suspicion Nation.” They said they confronted them then about rumours of harassment in a “frank, blunt way.”
“I was very surprised that they admitted to being stupid, to saying things that they shouldn't have said and I told them that needs to be your approach. You can't go back and change what's happened in the past but you can go forward and acknowledge it, ask for forgiveness, change your behaviour,” they said. “And I thought I had a chance to make a difference here on the other side. We'll see if I've done that right.”
Weinstein's attorney, Charles J. Harder, said in a statement that the Times story is “saturated with false and defamatory statements.” Bloom more gently poured cold water on the report, saying there have been some complaints against Weinstein but “not as many as” the Times said. They added that some of the allegations were “incorrect” and that eyewitnesses had “a different perspective.”
“Some of the allegations which I have read are, ‘He told me I had a nice dress on.' ‘He told me I looked cute without my glasses.' Probably they shouldn't be saying things like that in the workplace. Does that rise to the level of sexual harassment, legally? No, it doesn't,” they said. “He does not admit to sexual harassment when they do admit to their misconduct.”
They repeatedly tried to distance the Weinstein allegations from those of other men whom they have gone after in court.
“The facts there are very different. Bill Cosby is accused of being a serial rapist,” they said. “There's allegedly a recording of Bill O'Reilly calling women while they were masturbating. So that's a whole different level. In this case we are talking if the allegations are that they said some stupid things they said some things they clearly should not have said. They said some things that are offensive to women and they said, ‘Lisa you know help me understand you know why can't I just make jokes? Why can't I just say things like that?' ‘You know Harvey? … It's 2017 for God's sake.' I mean those have been the kinds of conversations we've had.”
The allegations against Weinstein have been more than verbal, but Bloom said that they dispute those accusations.
Bloom's decision to be a public advocate for Weinstein has surprised some. Even their mother, famed attorney Gloria Allred, said they would not have taken on Weinstein. But in an interview later with The Associated Press, Allred said their statement was not a criticism of their daughter.
“She has the right to rep anyone that in their professional opinion they should represent. I have no problem with that at all,” they said. “I only represent victims of sexual harassment. I don't represent people who are accused of sexual harassment. But people who are accused of sexual harassment are also entitled to have an attorney.”
Bloom said Weinstein has anger problems and said they can be intimidating. They said they “knows they have to work on that” and praised them for acknowledging that they “hurt people.” But they said that unlike at Fox News when women came forward with allegations of sexual abuse, Weinstein was not “trashing them, sending private investigators to dig up dirt on them, humiliating them.”
“I salute any woman that comes forward with complaints of sexual harassment you know? Harvey has had to learn. This is not an easy time for them either. Probably nobody has sympathy for them right now and that's fine. But this is a guy who has thrown away the old playbook of let's attack the women, let's dig up dirt on their past, let's humiliate them, let's fight. He's not doing any of that.”
Can't Sleep? Swap Your Smartphone for a Tent
Sleep has become the Shangri-La of modern times. Amid deadlines, demands and distractions, getting eight hours is akin to finding a mythical paradise. But a good night's sleep may not be as elusive as it seems. All you need to do is swap your smartphone for a tent.
A new study by US scientists has found that camping can help us sleep better and reset our body clock. A group of five people were sent into the mountains for six days with no gadgets, not even torches. The campers racked up nearly 10 hours sleep each night, almost three hours longer than they were used to getting at home.
This result does not surprise me because spending time outdoors saved me from insomnia. For a mind-churning six months a few years ago I lived in a waking dream -- or rather a nightmare. I spent my days trying to stay awake after a woeful night of restlessness. As evening drew on I became obsessed with making everything perfect for sleep. I would stock up on herbal sleep aids before bed. Despite this, my mind refused to switch off and I would wake up groggy. When sleep didn't come I became frustrated, tired and emotional.
Then something amazing happened. I went trekking in Slovakia's High Tatra mountains, staying in small basic cabins every night. For the first time in months, sleep came to me like a warm, welcome hug. I had decided to make the trip because I hadn't done anything like it since I was a teenager. I would spend the days walking and chatting, breaking only for food. When night came and we were thrust into pitch darkness my body relaxed and I was out for the count.
When I came back home I was desperate for the good sleep to continue, but after a week the insomnia returned. I decided to go for a walk after work each day in the park and spend my weekends being active outdoors. After a few weeks I noticed my sleep improving again. I went further still, shutting artificial lights out of my room and ditching my smartphone and laptop before bed.
Our bodies keep time using our internal clock, releasing the “sleep hormone” melatonin when it's time to rest and cortisol when it's time to wake. Traditionally, the sun has controlled our waking and sleeping system -- as the sun rises melatonin production drops off and cortisol production goes up. But less natural light and more computer light confuses the body's circadian rhythm (our biological clock) and messes up sleep.
It was next to impossible to get wifi in the mountains, so with no way of going online, I switched off. This meant no artificial lights (apart from my torch). Like the campers in the US study I didn't use my gadgets.
But it's not just getting more natural light that makes being outdoors beneficial. The biophilia hypothesis suggests humans have an innate tendency to seek connections with nature and other forms of life. It's believed that the deep affiliations we have with other life forms and nature as a whole are in our biology.
Other studies have shown that taking part in nature-based activities can reduce stress and anxiety. Last year research conducted by the University of Essex found that green care initiatives (such as care farming, or the therapeutic use of farming practices, environmental conservation and social and therapeutic horticulture) can help people with mental health problems. It has also been found that having a view of trees and nature from a hospital window can decrease recovery time from surgery.
I believe the therapeutic powers of nature come from the fact that being outdoors helps us feel connected to something greater than ourselves. We spend our lives obsessing over trivial problems but the natural world is indifferent to these daily struggles. The world keeps spinning whether I sleep or not.
So for those who struggle to sleep, my advice is simple -- if not a little cheesy. Go outdoors and find your Shangri-La.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Read more on: Smartphone, Scientists, Health, Researchers, Environment
Wisconsin has landed a transfer.
Houston safety Collin Wilder announced Monday night on Twitter that they were joining the Badgers.
Advertisement
“Grateful for another opportunity,” Wilder tweeted. “Without so many people it wouldn't be possible. I'm betting all in on myself.”
Wilder played in just two games last year before a season-ending knee injury. As a true first-year student in 2016, they played in 13 games, mostly on special teams.
A 3-star recruit coming out of Katy, Texas, the 5-foot-11, 195-pound Wilder had an offer from the Badgers but ended up staying close to home.
Wilder will have to sit out this season, but will have two years of eligibility remaining.
Related
Comments
comments
Broadcom's Qualcomm Takeover Bid Goes Hostile
Broadcom officially launched a hostile takeover bid for Qualcomm on Monday, nominating 11 alternative candidates to Qualcomm's board of directors.
The move sets the stage for a showdown over the future of San Diego's largest tech company -- one of only two Fortune 500 firms headquartered locally. Shareholders will vote to support either Qualcomm's or Broadcom's board candidates, with the results expected to be announced at Qualcomm's annual meeting March 6.
Broadcom did not raise the $70 per share offer price on Monday -- which valued Qualcomm at $103 billion. Qualcomm's board previously rejected that amount as too low.
But Broadcom could still boost its offer before the March 6 annual meeting, making it more attractive to Qualcomm's shareholders.
Qualcomm said Monday that the Broadcom offer undervalues Qualcomm's growth prospects in the Internet of Things, 5G, automotive and data center networking markets..
Tom Horton, Qualcomm's presiding director, said no company is better positioned than Qualcomm to bring mobile technologies to these industries.
"Qualcomm's stockholders expect a board that will support this innovation while evaluating objectively the full range of opportunities available to maximize value for all Qualcomm stockholders," said Horton in a statement.
Broadcom Chief Executive Hock Tan [pictured above] said Qualcomm's shareholders want the two companies to talk about the acquisition proposal, but so far Qualcomm has ignored Tan's attempts to begin a dialogue.
"The nominations give Qualcomm stockholders an opportunity to express their disappointment with Qualcomm's directors and their refusal to engage in discussions with us," said Tan in a statement. "In light of the significant value our proposal provides for Qualcomm stockholders, we believe Qualcomm stockholders would be better served by new, independent, highly qualified nominees who are committed to maximizing value and acting in the best interest of Qualcomm stockholders."
Directors nominated by Tan have a wide range of experience in the financial and technologies industries, including previously holding executive positions at Nokia, General Motors, J.P. Morgan and EMC Corp., among others.
The hostile takeover bid ramps up pressure on Qualcomm to complete It's bogged down, $38 billion acquisition of automotive and Internet of Things chipmaker NXP Semiconductors, which aims to further diversify Qualcomm's business beyond smartphones.
The NXP deal, announced more than a year ago, is still awaiting regulatory approval in Europe and China. In addition, some NXP shareholders want Qualcomm to increase its $110 per share offer, which is below NXP's current trading price.
To date, fewer than 5 percent of NXP shareholders have pledged their shares in support of Qualcomm's offer. The company needs 80 percent to complete the deal.
Broadcom says its buyout bid for Qualcomm stands whether the NXP acquisition is completed or not. But Tan could condition an increase to their $70 per share offer based on what happens with NXP -- including whether Qualcomm is forced to increase its bid to close the deal.
Bernstein Research Analyst Stacy Rasgon wrote in a research note Monday that Tan now has three months to build support among Qualcomm shareholders for their slate of directors "in the face of what appears, at least at the moment, to be a strategic vacuum from Qualcomm."
"So far Qualcomm has yet to produce any sort of concrete response plan to Broadcom's overtures beyond 'trust us,' which we believe is going to become increasingly untenable as things progress," wrote Rasgon. "If they want to keep the company they better get cracking on a case as to why shareholders should trust in them instead of Hock, as we are not convinced Qualcomm shareholders necessarily believe that the Broadcom offer undervalues Qualcomm quite as much as Qualcomm management might believe."
© 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Broadcom.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Brooklyn Nets have hired former NBA player and Argentine guard Pablo Prigioni as an assistant coach.
The Nets also announced Tuesday that former Spurs center Tiago Splitter was hired as a pro scout.
Prigioni spent most of their professional career in Spain and won a bronze medal with Argentina in the 2008 Olympics before coming to the New York Knicks in 2012 as a 35-year-old rookie. They spent four years in the NBA with the Knicks, Rockets and Clippers.
Splitter helped San Antonio win the 2014 NBA championship before spending the final two seasons of their seven-year career with Atlanta and Philadelphia. The Nets said Splitter, who also played for Brazil's national team, will have added duties related to player on-court development.
___
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
DES MOINES, Iowa — Iowa's new voter identification law violates the state constitution and will make it harder for some people to cast a ballot, plaintiffs alleged in a lawsuit filed Wednesday.
The suit marks the first legal challenge against the ID requirement and its provisions, which were passed last year in Iowa's new Republican-controlled Legislature. Parts of the law went into effect this year and will play a role in the state's upcoming June 5 primary election. A requirement to show ID in order to cast a regular ballot goes into effect in 2019.
It's unclear how an injunction request to halt some of the law's provisions would impact the upcoming primary. Early voting began weeks ago.
The League of United Latin American Citizens of Iowa and Taylor Blair, an Iowa State University student, are named as plaintiffs in the suit. Priorities USA Foundation, a national organization involved in other voting-related lawsuits, is paying for the litigation.
Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate, the top elections official and a major proponent of the law, is named as a defendant in the lawsuit. Pate's office did not respond to a request for comment, and a spokesperson said they didn't know if the office would have a statement at a later time.
The lawsuit claims the law will disenfranchise eligible voters because some of its provisions are unclear or impose unjustified restrictions. The lawsuit highlighted new rules for elections officials to verify ID signatures, new requirements for absentee voting and the elimination of straight party voting. It argues the cumulative impact will be longer lines and waiting times at polling locations.
“Each of the challenged provisions burdens the right to vote directly and by complicating and slowing down elections administration in Iowa,” according to the lawsuit.
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in Polk County District Court, according to Prioritize USA Foundation, which provided a copy of the complaint to The Associated Press.
The Attorney General's Office typically defends the state in such lawsuits. An agency spokesperson said the office has not seen the lawsuit and didn't have an immediate comment.
When the law is fully in effect, Iowa voters will be required to show an acceptable form of identification — an Iowa driver's license, an Iowa non-driver's ID, a new non-photo voter card, a U.S. passport, military identification or veterans ID — to cast a ballot.
The law requires elections officials this year to ask voters for identification. It's a soft roll-out, so someone without ID can sign an oath verifying their or their identity and cast a regular ballot.
In 2019, voters must have acceptable identification or they will have to cast a provisional ballot. Those voters will need to return to show ID within a few days for their ballot to count.
Blair, the college student, said in the lawsuit they were initially excluded from receiving a new non-photo voter card because their voter registration was erroneously mixed up with another person's information. Blair said they later received a non-photo voter card, but they forgot to bring it to vote during an April election. While Blair was able to still vote, they said the experiences burdened their right to vote.
Some voting advocacy groups have expressed concern about the law's impact on minority groups, college students, the elderly and disabled individuals. Pate has strongly argued no eligible voter will be denied the right to vote.
Sun invasion: Lawyer gives EFCC 7-day ultimatum to apologize, seeks N1b compensation
An Akure-based lawyer and right activists, Morakinyo Ogele, has issued a seven day ultimatum to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to tender a public apology to the management of the Sun Newspaper for invading its premises. Barrister Ogele said the anti graft agency should also be prepared to compensate the media Organisation with […]
Sun invasion: Lawyer gives EFCC 7-day ultimatum to apologize, seeks N1b compensation
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It's a debate that you may not know exists, but in the world of social media, it has been a hotly debated topic.
So fierce is the debate over the pronunciation of Primark that some customers have even asked in stores across the UK about the proper way to pronounce Primark.
Others have submitted a written question on the ‘help' section of the Primark website.
Much debate has followed the brand over the pronunciation of their name, with customers debating whether it should be called “Pr-eye-mark” or “Pree-mark”.
Finally, Primark have revealed the correct way to say their store name.
In the ‘other stuff' segment of their ‘queries' page, where you can search for FAQs, they answer the question: “How do you pronounce Primark?”
They responded saying: “That's a very good question. We like to use Pr-Eye-Mark.”
Have you been wrong this entire time? How do you say Primark?
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II apologized on Wednesday to Senator Antonio Trillanes IV, whom they had called names such as as “stupid senator,” “coward” and “sundalong kanin” (useless soldier).
Aguirre offered the apology to Trillanes after the latter confronted them during the hearing of the Commission on Appointments' committee on justice and judicial bar council for their insulting remarks against him.
“Due to the pressure and volume of my work, I might have hurt people in my choice of words and for that I profusely apologize specifically to Senator Trillanes,” the Justice Secretary said.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I value opinions and I value opposition. That's democracy at work and I consider it as part of the confirmation process,” they added.
Aguirre earlier admitted calling Trillanes names after the senator accused them of being involved in the P50-million bribery scandal at the Bureau of Immigrations. CDG
07:58 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Police to question Prime Minister under caution Read more
Investigators probing corruption allegations to interrogate Prime Minister on Monday. ► ◄ Last Briefs
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Brewers activated catcher Manny Pina from the disabled list and put them into the starting lineup for Tuesday night's series opener against the Kansas City Royals.
They cleared roster space by optioning catcher Jacob Nottingham to Triple-A Colorado Springs.
Pina, who spent their first two big league seasons with the Royals, was hitting .219 with a homer and three RBIs when they went on the DL retroactive to April 13 with a strained left calf.
In other news, shortstop Orlando Arcia got the day off because of stomach pain, though their ailing ankle was fine. Left-hander Boone Logan also threw a simulated game without any trouble from their left triceps strain, and is expected to join Double-A Biloxi on a rehab assignment.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
NASA wants IEBC bosses out and ballot tender cancelled
The Standard
NASA leaders Moses Wetang'ula, Musalia Mudavadi, Charity Ngilu and James Orengo address the press in Nairobi. [Moses Omusula, Standard]. Controversy over ballots for the August elections continued Wednesday as NASA demanded the cancellation of …
and more »
MARSHALL COUNTY, Tenn. (WKRN/AP) – A “be on the lookout” bulletin was issued to law enforcement across the country for two armed inmates accused of killing two guards at a Georgia prison.
The two last spoke two years ago during Rowe's extended stay in prison. They have been in various prisons since the early 2000s for armed robbery and aggravated assault. One of those inmates, Donnie Rowe, actually has family in Marshall County, Tennessee. Their sister, Lillie Jackson, is heartbroken by the news.
Jackson has long believed in Rowe's innocence but said their time prison changed their attitude. They now simply wants them to be found safe.
“I've never seen my brother like this, never thought that they would take another person's life,” they said. “I just want to tell him, if he's listening, or if he's watching, please come turn yourself in. Don't let there be any more bloodshed on this. There's been enough bloodshed.”
They continued, “Enough families have lost loved ones, and our mom can't handle that right now.”
Rowe is wanted alongside Ricky Dubose, both of whom are considered armed and dangerous. Authorities have not released which suspect they believe shot and killed the two guards.
A Georgia corrections official said two escaped inmates accused of killing two prison guards have known each other for “quite a while” and it's possible they planned the escape together.
Department of Corrections Assistant Commissioner Ricky Myrick said Rowe and Dubose have been cellmates more than once, but they aren't sure whether they were cellmates at Baldwin State Prison just prior to their escape.
Authorities say the two men overpowered and killed 42-year-old Sgt. Christopher Monica and 58-year-old Sgt. Curtis Billue on a prison transport bus before fleeing in a stolen car.
Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills said the pair ransacked a house in Madison, about 25 miles north of where the killings happened, and then stole a white pickup truck from a nearby business.
Sheriff Sills said Wednesday that the two are believed to have stolen a 2008 white Ford F250 pickup truck with the Georgia tag BCX5372 from a business about 9 miles from the burglarized house in Madison.
The truck was stolen between 6 p.m. Tuesday and 6 a.m. Wednesday. Sill says the green Honda still hasn't been recovered and it's unknown whether the two men are still traveling together.
Ikoyi Club 1938 honours employees at New Year party
Members of the prestigious Ikoyi Club 1938 ushered in the new year with a staff party, where the General Committee and Management of the club celebrated and honoured all employees to a lavish party.
In attendance were the club chairperson, vice chairperson, secretary, golf captain, bar adviser, general manager, all members of staff and their guests. The party was filled with excitement in various segments such as: drama, dance competition, long service award, Chairman's pride award, Best Staff of the Month of November and December, cutting of birthday cake by November and December celebrants, among others.
Mr. Abiodun Yakubu was presented with a certificate and gifts for emerging the Best Supervisor of the Year.
According to the club chairperson, Major Gen. Mufutau Balogun (rtd.), Yakubu was hardworking, has a team spirit and a good customer relations, which marked them out from their colleagues.
While giving their speech, the General Manager, Mr. Babatunde Orungbeja, appreciated the efforts and contributions of all mem workers so far. They admonished everyone to keep up the good work and be willing to go the extra mile in the new year in the discharge of their duties as the management's goal is to raise the club's standard.
The party ended on a merry note as everyone was treated to sumptuous meals, drinks and good music.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Knights received goals from 10 different players in cruising to a 16-1 win over Grafton-Park River in the East Region tournament quarterfinals at Purpur Arena.
No. 1 Central improved to 22-0 and will play No. 4 Devils Lake in the semifinals Friday at 6 p.m. at Purpur.
"We moved the puck well and shared the load," Central coach Grant Paranica said. "Throughout the lineup, everybody played quite well."
Central senior Grant Johnson, the state's leading scorer, led the way with a six-point night. They had three goals and three assists, despite playing limited minutes late in the game with the score out of hand.
Boe Bjorge, Cam Olstad, Lucas Kanta and Zachary Murphy all had two goals for the Knights, while Judd Caulfield, Hunter Moreland, Cole Hanson, Parker Stroh (first varsity goal) and Mitch Idalski all scored once.
Central defenders Brock Reller and Tate Steffan each had three assists.
"We played really well, passing the puck and not being selfish," Reller said. "We can't get complacent now. We have to play our game, pass the puck and move our feet."
Central outscored the Spoilers 35-2 in three meetings this season.
Fourteen different Knights figured into the scoring. Central scored more goals in a game than it has in at least 10 years.
"From our third and fourth line, we logged quite a bit of minutes," Paranica said. "They seemed to manage and actually create opportunities no matter who we played them against."
Central led 7-1 after one period, with Grafton-Park River's lone goal coming from Wyatt Wardner, who made it 2-1 at 4 minutes, 39 seconds of the first period.
The Knights led 12-1 after two periods and saw running time throughout the third period.
The Spoilers, who dropped to 4-18 this season, will play No. 5 Fargo South/Shanley at noon on Friday in a tournament loser-out game at Purpur.
Pulse | What We're Wearing Now
An interview with the designers of Rag & Bone, what to wear when the mercury finally drops and retro-preppy neckties.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 Florida 70 36 27 7 79 212 216 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 Montreal 73 26 35 12 64 182 232 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 Minnesota 73 41 24 8 90 227 210 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 Los Angeles 73 40 27 6 86 211 184 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida 2, Montreal 0
Los Angeles 4, Minnesota 3, OT
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Apple said Shazam would be a “natural fit” with its Apple Music streaming service
Apple on Monday confirmed it had reached a deal to acquire Shazam, the U.K.-based app that lets users identify songs by pointing a smart phone at the audio source.
Apple did not give a price for the acquisition. Technology news website TechCrunch reported the deal on Friday with a price of as much as US$400 million, far short of the most recent $1 billion valuation for privately held Shazam.
Apple said Shazam would be a “natural fit” with its Apple Music streaming service and it would help users discover new songs. Apple Music has 27 million users and competes against Spotify Ltd, which has 60 million users. Apple said Shazam's team would be joining the Cupertino company.
In a statement, Apple spokesperson Tom Neumayr said Shazam “is used by hundreds of millions of people around the world, across multiple platforms. ... We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement.”
Apple did not elaborate on its plans, but the company will not be able to make any major changes to Shazam until it secures regulatory approval.
Shazam is also available on Android-based devices, but Apple did not say whether it would keep the Android version available. Shazam ended support for a version of its software that runs on Windows PCs earlier this year.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Andrew Hay)
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Tom Brady is the comeback king in the playoffs.
From their past two Super Bowl wins to the AFC championship game rally against Jacksonville that got the Patriots to the NFL's biggest stage for the third in four seasons, no quarterback has engineered more late-game playoff comebacks than Brady.
But they are not alone. Whether it was Marcus Mariota and the Tennessee Titans in the wild-card round against Kansas City earlier this post-season, or Russell Wilson against Green Bay in (2015) or Andrew Luck against the Chiefs the previous year, there have been as many playoff comebacks from at least 10 points down in the fourth quarter the past five seasons as there were the previous 26 seasons.
“What happens is instead of playing the team, they start playing the clock. Sometimes you win and sometimes you go against a bad boy like Tom Brady and you get burned,” former Colts receiver and current NFL Network analyst Reggie Wayne said. “A lot of that falls onto the coaches. The players are going to run what the coaches call.”
Whether it's Atlanta failing to run the ball enough late in last year's Super Bowl that helped the Patriots rally from 28-3 down to win in overtime or Seattle's decision to pass at the goal line instead of hand it to Marshawn Lynch back in 2015, questionable coaching decisions have contributed to some of those comebacks.
But nobody is better at exploiting those mistakes than Brady and the Patriots. They have four playoff wins in games they trailed by at least 10 points in the fourth quarter, including the “Tuck Rule” game against Oakland in 2002. No other quarterback has led more than one such comeback in playoff history.
“There's a great belief no matter what the circumstances, that we have enough to overcome it,” Brady said. “I don't think we want to try to overcome that again this year. That was pretty tough to do. Hopefully we can get a lead, play from ahead, play on our terms.”
The Patriots are comfortable when that happens. They are 6-6 in the playoffs when trailing after three quarters under Brady and coach Bill Belichick, while the rest of the NFL has a 27-140 record in that span with only Russell Wilson and Eli Manning having more than two fourth-quarter comebacks with four each.
Not that it is by design.
“That whole comeback thing is overrated,” said NFL Network analyst Willie McGinest, who won three Super Bowl titles as Brady's teammate in New England. “Players can't go in and say, ‘Hey, we want to win this game in dramatic fashion, be down 11 with eight minutes to go and come back and have the crowd go crazy.' You want to be in control, play a certain way and be in front. Because that changes how you play the game.”
The biggest deficit overcome to win a Super Bowl before last season was just 10 points and the Patriots were the first team to overcome a deficit that big in the second half when they did it against the Seahawks three years ago.
The only other teams to come back from 10 points down to win a Super Bowl faced those deficits early in the second quarter with New Orleans rallying against Indianapolis in 2010 and Washington against Denver in 1988.
Brady's post-season passer rating when trailing in fourth quarter the past four years is a staggering 121.2, compared to 75.6 for the rest of the NFL.
In last year's Super Bowl comeback, the Falcons appeared to tire and struggled to generate pressure, sending more than four pass rushers on just two of 24 pass plays in the fourth quarter.
The Jaguars also only brought more than four rushers on two of 15 fourth-quarter pass plays in the AFC title game when New England came back from 20-10 down to win 24-20.
“What teams do wrong is they go zone,” Wayne said. “He's going to pick zone apart all day, every day. He's going to spread you out and they're the best at creating mismatches.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Since then they have been criticized for ducking tough opponents in favour of easier competition like in their last bout, a third-round stoppage of Poland's Andrzej Fonfara in Montreal in June. They were once famously called Adonis "Chickenson" by former three-belt champion Sergey (Krusher) Kovalev in a bid to goad them into a showdown.
Stevenson insists that it is their manager who picks their opponents and that they are willing to take on anyone, anywhere.
But they have also managed to avoid making mandatory defences against the WBC's top-ranked contender, which are supposed to happen once a year. Stevenson's last mandatory was against Tony Bellew in 2013.
Since 2015, their mandatory challenger was Eleider Alvarez, a Colombian based in Montreal who is also promoted by Michel. Alvarez repeatedly agreed to step aside so the champion could face other opponents, but threatened to put their foot down when the Jack fight was announced, saying they have waited long enough for a chance to win a world title and the big money that goes with it.
That problem was solved last week when 34-year-old Alvarez (23-0) surrendered their WBC status in order to take on Kovalev (32-2-1) this summer. The Russian now holds only the World Boxing Organization belt.
Meanwhile, Michel has been under pressure dealing with the Stevenson clan. When they announced the January the fight would be in Montreal, Stevenson called it "fake news" on Twitter. The two sides looked to be in a standoff.
This week, a compromise deal was struck — the bout is to be in Toronto, but with the same undercard fighters from Michel's stable including talented light middleweight Mikael Zewski (30-1) of Trois-Rivieres, Que.
Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment and Toronto promoter Lee Baxter are also involved in staging the fight card.
"It is the first title fight that the venue will host," MLSE senior vice-president Wayne Zronik said in a statement. "We've worked with this group before to bring world-class boxing to the city and are excited about the return of championship boxing to Toronto."
By Bill Beacon, The Canadian Press
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Donate blood, live longer, save lives!
Experts outline benefits of blood donation
By Job Osazuwa
Have you ever donated blood, at least, to save a soul? If yes, when last did you engage in such a voluntary mission and how often do you? You might never know how important donating blood is until you or someone dear to you falls ill and be in dire need of blood.
Without doubt, blood transfusion is an essential component of health care and contributes to saving millions of lives annually, in routine and emergency situations. Apart from saving lives, studies have shown that people who voluntarily donate blood have the likelihood of living longer. So, you may need to have a rethink if you are among those who disgusts donating blood.
As the world marked Blood Donor Day yesterday, the clarion call was re-echoed on the need for committed, year-round blood donation, in order to maintain adequate supplies and achieve national self-sufficiency. The theme is: “What can you do? Give blood. Give now. Give often.”
Many people, who donate blood regularly, for the sake of helping people, are indirectly or unknowingly helping themselves. Health benefits of regular blood donation are numerous, according to experts. Usually, donating blood at least five times a year is said to be medically safe.
Interestingly, lives have been saved as a result of blood donated by only five per cent voluntary donors in the country. Others have also died because they could not have access to blood when it is highly needed.
William, a sickle cell anaemia patient and a Higher National Diploma (HND) two level student of the Federal Polytechnic, Auchi, Edo State, died owing to the scarcity of blood, at the time they needed it most. Each time, they were admitted, their parents went through hell looking for money and getting matching blood for William. But when they needed blood most, everything worked against him. There was no donor and their matching blood was not found. And the young man died.
Mrs. Lovely Ebughe was expecting their first child, but ended up not seeing it. They were delivered of baby boy quite all right. However, there was complication, which cause loss of blood. They needed an urgent blood transfusion. While their husband was running around to get blood that will match their wife's, since theirs didn't match, the woman died.
Underlining the benefit of blood donation, a public health consultant, Adegbite Ogundele, who practises in Lagos, told Daily Sun that regular blood donation is of immense benefit to the donor in several ways. According to him, blood donation paves the way for a reduction in the iron level in the body, which helps to lower cancer risk.
They said it could also help in reducing risk of heart and liver ailments caused by iron overload in the body.
Reduce risks of heart attacks
Ogundele said blood donation can reduce the risk of heart attacks to 1/3 times, especially in men, explaining that red blood cells, which contain hemoglobin, serves to bind oxygen.
They said: “The non-heme iron, that is difficult to be absorbed, is actually beneficial because iron is too easily absorbed when consumed even in excess, such as heme iron that comes from meat. If it accumulates in the body it increases the risk of coronary heart disease.
“Iron that accumulates will increase free radicals in the body and can oxidise cholesterol.
however, by donating blood regularly, blood regeneration will take place more quickly; the oxidation of cholesterol becomes slower. In addition, blood flow more smoothly and also can prevent the accumulation of fat and cholesterol oxidation in the coronary arteries walls. This can reduce the risk of coronary heart disease.”
Prevents liver damage
Ogundele said the liver, which helps the metabolism process of vitamins, minerals, protein, fats, and carbohydrates, also converts glucose into glycogen and helps in the blood purification and detoxification process. They said: “With donating blood regularly, it means we have to prevent liver damage caused by excess iron in the body. Intake of foods rich in iron can increase iron levels in the body, because iron is only in limited use, the excess iron to be absorbed and stored in the liver and pancreas. This could increase the risk of cirrhosis, liver failure, damage to the pancreas, and heart abnormalities.”
The consultant said after donating blood, the body works to replenish it, thereby, helping to stimulate the production of new blood cells. This, they said, makes the donor to stay healthy and work more efficiently.
They said there were generally no side effects attached to blood donation, apart from the normal decrease in heart rate and blood pressure drop.
Lowers risk of cancer
Cancer is known to be a deadly and dreaded disease. The risk of contracting cancer is often associated with high levels of iron in the blood. The higher iron content, the greater the potential for developing cancer.
The good news for regular blood donors is that the content of iron in the blood can be controlled by means of a blood donation. That is, the risk of cancer of the liver, intestines, lungs, throat and forth, is getting reducing.
Reduces cholesterol
By donating blood, Ogundele said donors do not only help others, but also reduce the risk of their cholesterol disease.
“Blood contains iron; if the iron in blood is overload, cholesterol can be oxidised. This means that there will be a blockage in blood vessels. Therefore, it takes a blood donation to reduce the amount of iron in the blood.
They said if the amount of iron was not removed through blood donation, there would be fat deposition on the walls of blood vessels. This, they said, could lead to other diseases, such as heart disease and stroke.”
Acceleration of wound healing/weight reduction
Your body will adjust to the reduction in red blood cells when you donate blood. Adjustment of the body also happens when your body wounds are healed.
Doctors said each blood donation could burn fat up to 650 calories, but quickly warn that blood donation cannot be regarded as perfect antidote to losing weight.
Prevention of premature aging
Ogundele said donating blood makes your mind run smoothly. They identified stress as one of the triggers of premature aging by keeping the skin ever fresh.
In fact, voluntary blood donation is said to be a healthy habit that most Nigerians can engage in, as a means of relieving the shortage of blood supply in the country and also improving their heart health and reducing excess iron in the body that predisposes individuals to cardiovascular diseases, CVDs.
According to other experts, men can donate up to five times a year, while this is limited to three times a year for women.
Statistics show that not less than eight million units of blood are needed in Nigeria, but only about 1.6 million units are collected presently. This is far below the recommendation of the World Health Organisation (WHO) that 10 per cent of a given population should donate once a year to meet requirements.
Public hospitals in Lagos State and some other states have made it mandatory for pregnant women's husbands to donate blood at the point of registering their wives for antenatal. However, voluntary blood donation is still less than five per cent in Nigeria. The people who donate are either forced to do it, either because a family member needs it or for economic reasons. But experts maintain that the safest blood donors are voluntary, non-remunerated blood donors from low-risk populations.
Unfortunately, about 15 per cent of child mortality in Africa is traceable to lack of adequate supply of safe blood for transfusion. Also, statistics from WHO on blood transfusion safety, which assesses blood donation trends, safety and priorities, shows that less than one per cent of the population of developing countries, including Nigeria, donates blood, compared with over 65 per cent in developed countries.
A General Practitioner with Lifegate Medicure, Ipaja, Lagos, said blood donation itself was a form of exercise, because if one pint of blood is collected, one will be losing about 650 calories.
They said: “It is certain that with regular donation, you stand not to develop diseases associated with heart problems because you have made your heart work at a pace that is proportional to your body mass. Whether a person donates blood or not, every 120 days, the red blood cells are naturally replaced; so it is advisable to give blood to save lives.
“People with chronic disorders, cancer of the blood, accident victims, pregnant women, and fire outbreak victims can benefit from the pint of blood you are donating. It improves life expectancy and quality of life of patients with a variety of acute and chronic conditions.”
Any side effect
Ogundele said the side effects that require medical treatment are very rare, amounting to less than one in 3,500 cases.
“If you experience dizziness and hovered for a few days, it could be a side effect of blood donation, but it does no harm. Try to take a rest, avoid heavy works, and consume enough water, at least two litres per day, and consume nutritious food, such as chicken, eggs, meat, green vegetables and fruits to restore your power. If the dizziness and the drift continue, you should see a doctor to know your blood pressure and whether there are other infections suffered,” they said.
Where to donate blood
Ogundele: “There are different places where you can easily walk in to and donate blood in a matter of minutes. First, you need to fill a form to ensure the well-being of the donor. Then, your blood pressure and hemoglobin level are measured to make sure that it is safe for you to donate.
Government and government approved hospitals and other public blood recruiting centres best serve the purpose. Defeating procrastination and creating time out of your tight schedule could save a life by donating a pint of your blood today.”
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ISTANBUL — A trial began Monday in Turkey against dozens of suspects, including the alleged shooter in the New Year's Eve attack that left 39 people dead in Istanbul.
Fifty-seven suspects, mostly foreigners and 51 of them behind bars, went on trial near a prison on the outskirts of Istanbul.
Albulkadir Masharipov of Uzbekistan — the lead suspect in the case — is charged with membership in a terror group, murder and attempting to overthrow the constitutional order, among other charges. The prosecutor is seeking multiple aggravated life sentences. The suspect's wife has also been charged.
Early on Jan. 1, an assailant shot their way into Istanbul's Reina nightclub where hundreds were partying, celebrating the New Year. The assailant escaped and the Islamic State group claimed the attack.
Seventy-nine people were wounded. Most of the dead were foreigners.
Masharipov was captured in Istanbul after evading police for 15 days. Turkish officials said the 34-year-old suspect had trained in Afghanistan.
Turkey has been hit by a string of attacks since 2015 by Kurdish militants and IS. More than 300 people have been killed in 14 separate attacks blamed on IS.
There is a CeeC in every woman- Basketmouth – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into their new role, they are also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by their predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election they defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
They fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that they intend to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of their predecessor.
They were also candid about the scope of obstacles they face: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has been sentenced to 13 months in jail after pleading guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer pleaded guilty Wednesday in Victoria provincial court to a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian had been facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Judge Carmen Rogers also gave the former investment dealer three years of probation. In an agreed statement of facts, Backer promised to pay restitution of $161,900 to five people.
The sentence includes credit for one month of time served in jail.
Before they were led away from court, Backer hugged their two adult children and their older brother, who declined to answer questions outside court.
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3, 2015, when they failed to return home after telling their family they were going out for a bike ride. They surrendered to police in April 2017 and their whereabouts while they were missing haven't been explained.
After their disappearance, police in Port Angeles, Wash., said an officer who viewed video from a street security camera noted a man fitting Backer's description was aboard a ferry from Victoria, a 90-minute trip away.
The guilty plea was entered by defence lawyer Joven Narwal on behalf of Backer, a thin, bearded man who was dressed in a grey pinstripe suit.
Narwal said their client is extremely remorseful for their actions.
They said Backer, 55, has often expressed remorse in terms of an athlete letting down their team.
“Mr. Backer wants to express their deep remorse for their conduct through me,” Narwal said. “He does not wish to address the court. He's let down the people who cared most deeply for him.”‘
Backer never intended to defraud their investors, Narwal said.
“The investments, and let's say the optimism related to these investments, did not bear the fruit they were hoping for. And so loses occurred.”
Soon after they disappeared, financial crime investigators began looking into Backer and the company My Financial Backer Corp. after their investors received letters that concerned them.
Backer was on the Canadian rowing team in the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympic Games.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
ROME (AP) — Police in northern Italy found a small arsenal of Kalashnikovs, pistols and ammunition hidden in the trunk of a rental car and arrested the Bosnian man who was driving it.
The ANSA news agency says police believe the car, which had Swiss license plates, was headed to Barcelona when they stopped it on a routine check April 19 in Gorizia, near Italy's northeast border with Croatia and Austria.
ANSA says police became suspicious when they found two Berettas in a bag. They then proceeded to search the rest of the car and found several guns in the spare wheel well of the trunk and another stash under the back seat.
The 52-year-old Bosnian was being held on suspicion of possession and transport of weapons of war.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Daniel Kaku
2017-10-06
Kamal Deen Abdulai
The National Nasara Coordinator of the ruling New Patriotic Party (NPP) who is also a National Youth Organiser hopeful, Kamal Deen Abdulai has sent a strong warning to some imposters who are using their name on social media to dupe people to desist from it immediately.
According to Kamal Deen, some unscrupulous persons are using their name to hide behind a pseudo social media account, taking direct phone calls to dupe people of their hard earned money.
 They are therefore urging the general public to reject such requests completely and treat it with contempt it deserves.
“I work on the necessary steps to get the perpetrators behind this dastardly act and bring them to book”, they vowed.
Below is the full statement;
DISCLAIMER! DISCLAIMER!! DISCLAIMER!!!
It has come to my notice that some unscrupulous person(s) are using my name Kamal Deen Abdulai and hiding behind a pseudo social media account as well as direct phone calls to dupe people of their hard earned money/resources.
I wish to state that I have never through social media or any other medium communicated to anybody about a job or any other available opportunity which demands that I request money from unsuspecting Ghanaians before giving them same.
I write to urge all and sundry to reject such requests completely and treat it with the contempt it deserves whiles I work on the necessary steps to get the perpetrators behind this dastardly act and bring them to book.
Thank you.
…Signed… Kamal Deen Abdulai National Nasara Coordinator/National Youth Organiser Hopeful New Patriotic Party
New York, NY – A new season of SouSou! SATURDAY kicks off this upcoming February 10th, 2018 presented by the Caribbean Cultural Center African Diaspora Institute (CCCADI) in East Harlem, NYC.
SouSou! Saturdays are a monthly family-oriented art-making, dance, and music workshops held every second Saturday of the month at CCCADI at 120 East 125th Street, NY, NY. The program is inspired by the savings clubs tradition of the African Diaspora with a twist–a culture savings club for the entire family.
Attendees get to enjoy art, dance, music workshops, and many more activities that elevate the history and traditions of the African diaspora. They are ideal for families with kids (4-12). This season, CCCADI will be joined by Callaloo Kids on residency, a children's media brand that promotes culture literacy, social awareness and puppet theater.
February's Sou Sou, African Heritage SouSou! – Always Africa, will honor African Heritage through puppet theater presentations, art making, watoto African dance & drumming workshops
Upcoming Sou Sou Saturdays:
AFRICAN HERITAGE SOUSOU! | FEBRUARY 10 – ALWAYS AFRICA!
Celebrate African traditions through culturally-inspired art making and movement
SPRING SOUSOU! | MARCH 10 – MAMA EARTH AWAKENS
Make spring pop-up bouquets and enjoy a spring cultural presentation
SANKORE SOUSOU! | APRIL/14 – BRING A BOOK! TAKE A BOOK!
Free children's library and Callaloo Kids theater
MAMI SOUSOU! | MAY 12 – CELEBRATE OUR MOTHERS
It's Mama and me time with a presentation from Callaloo Kids theater
BABA SOUSOU! | JUNE 9 – CELEBRATE OUR FATHERS
It's Baba and me time with a presentation from Callaloo Kids theater
Please visit http://cccadi.org/sousou to preregister. This program is made possible by NYC Department of Cultural Affairs, New York City Council Member Melissa Mark- Viverto [FY18] & New York State Council on the Arts.
MOSCOW — After a decade of duopoly, the FIFA-run vote to crown soccer's best player finally seems open to third parties after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo left the World Cup early.
Neymar must help Brazil lift the trophy next week if they want to join the greats, according to the World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award.
Cutting out the play-acting would also help Neymar win votes, 1990 World Cup winner Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday.
“We need players like Neymar,” said the former West Germany captain, who won the inaugural FIFA world player award in 1991. “But not with this acting what they were doing now in each game.”
A debate about Neymar faking injury and overreacting to tackles is polarizing opinion between European outrage and Brazilian defence.
Former England forward Alan Shearer called Neymar's behaviour “absolutely pathetic” in a British broadcast Monday. Neymar's theatrics distracted from Brazil's 2-0 win over Mexico that took the five-time champion into the quarterfinals.
“The criticism is nonsense,” Brazil great Ronaldo told reporters Wednesday. “I am against all these opinions you mentioned. I don't think referees have been protecting them enough.”
Ronaldo, a three-time winner of FIFA's best player award, and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade.
With Portugal and Argentina both leaving Russia in the round of 16, the award seems open for a new winner to emerge.
“Sure, Neymar — when they will win the World Cup,” said Matthaeus. “You have to win titles with your team.”
Ronaldo and Messi arrived in Russia after Real Madrid won a third straight Champions League title and Barcelona won La Liga. Neymar's absence since February with a foot injury was barely a blip for Paris Saint-Germain's procession to win the French league.
“It's easy to win the title in France,” Matthaeus said. “For me, Neymar this season, they did not show until now they can be the best.”
The German great picked out another PSG star, Kylian Mbappe of France, England captain Harry Kane and Croatia captain Luka Modric as potential candidates for the FIFA award when voting opens July 23.
The winner announced in London on Sept. 24 is judged by a vote by national team coaches and captains, plus media from FIFA's 211 member countries, and fans voting online. It is separate from the Golden Ball given to the World Cup's best player.
Ronaldo singled out Neymar as a potential winner — noting that they themselves won the FIFA award after an injury-hit season that peaked with Brazil's World Cup title. Ronaldo's eight goals in Japan and South Korea included both in the final, a 2-0 win over Germany.
“The results for Neymar with the national team are incredible and he's still not at their best,” Ronaldo said.
Matthaeus suggested an 11th year of Messi-Ronaldo dominance is likely.
“I give them maybe one or two years more,” they said, “then there will come a change for this award.”
——
More AP World Cup coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Reps to investigate NDPC over alleged $1.5bn national revenue loss
Vanguard
The House of Representatives has resolved to investigate alleged infractions in the operations of the Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC) and the loss of 1.5 billion dollars national revenue. This was sequel to a unanimous adoption of a …
and more »
On the eighth day, God created FORTRAN.
Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – The CEO of a company offering captains for hire says they will reimburse a boat owner who paid $1,000 for a tow last weekend after the driver they hired was arrested for boating under the influence.
Zach Hatraf, CEO of Anchorrides.com, the website advertising the “captains,” told Target 8 that they agreed to reimburse the owner who traveled from Wisconsin to participate in the Gasparilla invasion.
The boat owner, who asked that their name be withheld, thought they hired a licensed captain for $50 dollars an hour for an eight hour shift.
But the captain wasn't a captain.
“There's a huge liability, you don't know who you're getting,” said Captain Wade Osborne.
Osborne is a Coast Guard licensed Master Captain.
They warn consumers against hiring people who are not Coast Guard licensed.
“If there's an issue it could be a nightmare,” added Captain Dan Peretz.
Peretz is also a Coast Guard licensed captain. They claim there is a big difference between a licensed captain and someone who drives a boat.
Anchorrides.com promoted Nathan Stasio as Capt. Nathan S. on its web page, knowing they were not a licensed captain.
What the company didn't know is that Stasio had a DUI arrest in 2015, which according to Hatraf, would have made them ineligible for Anchorrides.com.
Stasio's agreed upon shift went off without a hitch.
Afterward, the boat's owner offered them $250 dollars to return the vessel to Clearwater.
On the way, a Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission Officer stopped Stasio speeding through an idle zone.
They arrested Stasio for boating under the influence and manufacture of cannabis.
The boat owner was contacted and told the vessel would be impounded if it was not towed home. It cost the owner $1,050 for the tow.
They later discovered Stasio's DUI history and protested to Anchorrides.com.
Hatraf's background check on Nathan Stasio missed a 2015 DUI arrest.
The Coast Guard background check goes a little deeper.
“They run a thorough background check through Homeland Security now,” explained Capt. Osborne.
“We are able to be called at any time for a random drug test,” added Capt. Peretz.
According to Peretz, Coast Guard licensed captains receive training in CPR, first aid, safety and navigation, to name a few areas. And they say the training is maintained through continuing education.
Hatraf tells us safety is priority number one for Anchorrides.com, but they have yet to fully develop a training program for their captains.
If you know of something that you think should be investigated, call our Target 8 Helpline at 1-800-338-0808. Contact Steve Andrews at sandrews@wfla.com.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Trey Songz turned themselves into the LAPD on a felony domestic violence charge earlier today, TMZ reports. The singer was reportedly accompanied by their lawyer, Shawn Holley, and released after posting a $50,000 bond.
The charge originates from a party during last month's NBA All-Star Weekend, where Andrea Buera says Songz hit them for speaking to another man, according to TMZ. Buera gave a press conference last week alongside their attorney Lisa Bloom. According to Buera, she's known Songz for years. They claim they struck them in the face — and reportedly “hit them with such force it was as if two men were fighting” — and threw both their cell phones down a hill as they attempted to call an Uber.
Songz has kept mum about the charges, but published a Tweet this morning, apparently after posting bond: “I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain,” they wrote.
Building Collapse: Lagos files fresh charges against Lekki Gardens boss, others
The defendants are to be arraigned for involuntary manslaughter and building without approval.
The post Building Collapse: Lagos files fresh charges against Lekki Gardens boss, others appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
12 girls arrested in Katsina on their way to Europe
Seven girls using hijab to disguise themselves and evade arrest were among the 12 persons intercepted by the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) in Katsina on their way to Europe. This brings the total number of persons apprehended by the NIS to 40 in the last four months as they tried to cross various legal and […]
The post 12 girls arrested in Katsina on their way to Europe appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
The NBA Summer League kicked off in Utah and Sacramento earlier this week, but the main event begins on Friday, when the Las Vegas Summer League tips off. The festivities begin with the Houston Rockets and the Indiana Pacers on Friday afternoon, at which point hoops fans get to spend the next 11 days watching young players (some of whom have no business participating in Summer League) show what they can do.
There's plenty of fun storylines that exist around the Summer League, most of them are pertaining to watching rookies like Deandre Ayton play for the first time in an NBA uniform. But listen, it's a sporting event in Las Vegas, so instead of discussing the ins and outs of the games before they happen, let's talk about gambling.
Thanks to Matt Moore of The Action Network, we know the latest odds from the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook for the Summer League. Ayton's Suns sit atop the boards, with the Sacramento Kings and the Charlotte Hornets right behind them.
Now, it must be stressed that you should not bet on Summer League. With that unimportant disclaimer out of the way, the Suns as the favorites make sense, as Ayton will be joined by a pair of top-5 picks with NBA experience: Dragan Bender and Josh Jackson. Beyond them, I am very much feeling the Grizzlies at 15/1, largely because Jaren Jackson Jr. has looked unstoppable so far during Utah Summer League. Plus Wayne Selden and Deyonta Davis are playing in Summer League, and both guys have shown flashes during their NBA careers thus far. Lastly, the Nets at 30/1 is good value, because Jarrett Allen and Caris Lavert are both slated to play, and both of those guys rule.
Ladies Lunch at Carriages Bar & Restaurant
Carriages Bar & Restaurant Archant
Every second Wednesday of the month Carriages Bar & Restaurant hold a ‘Ladies Lunch,' which includes a four-course meals & a speaker.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The menu changes each month and we are always keen for ideas for a speaker.
We meet at midday for a drink on the platform (your first drink is included in the price,) then sit on one of our steam era carriages for the meal, after which we come back onto the platform for teas & coffees and the ‘talk.' Priced at £17.95 you can't go wrong!
Wednesday 8th March with Martin Pearce, local author of ‘Spymaster' The story of an M16 boss ruined by scandal!
The menu for this meet will be:
To Start – Chicken Liver Pate – Served with Melba Toast & a Watercress Salad
The Main – Lamb Cutlets served with Dauphinoise Potatoes, Green Beans & Lamb Jus
To Finish – Apple & Raspberry Crumble or Lemon Posset served with Shortbread
If you fancy joining; email at carriages.restaurant@gmail.com or call on 01298 84528. Similiarly; if you would like to join the mailing list to receive each months information by post or email, please get in touch.
Carriages Bar & Restaurant, Near Buxton, SK17 0DU - Follow them on Facebook.
As you've almost certainly heard by now, James Hetfield's microphone didn't work for the first half of Metallica's performance with Lady Gaga at last night's Grammys. But why didn't it work? Today, the mystery was revealed: A stagehand unplugged it accidentally, according to TMZ.
Also, Laverne Cox apologized for not mentioning Metallica during their introduction speech. Rough night for the band.
Catch up on stories from the past week (and beyond) at the Slashdot story archive
The same policy change would also require clearance from "multiple" US agencies if a Chinese visa applicant is a manager or researcher with an organization on the Commerce Department's list of entities needing closer scrutiny. These could take months to process, according to the AP's contact.
The visa length changes are slated to take effect on June 11th. It's not certain exactly how they'll alter the economic landscape. As with tariffs, though, this could have a knock-on effect. While it might prevent China from taking advantage of American colleges and universities to accelerate its plans for tech dominance, it'd also make life difficult for Chinese people who simply want to study abroad. They may have to either renew their visas during a program or find another country that's willing to grant them visas for as long as it takes to pursue their degrees.
Now Playing: Bartender: Suspected shooter 'came off a little creepy'
Now Playing: Mom turns to Facebook to thank 'Wal-Mart angel'
Now Playing: Friend of suspected shooter describes 'happy-go-lucky guy'
Now Playing: A timeline of the shooting at a Virginia baseball field
Now Playing: Nurses honoring tiny 'graduates' leaving the NICU
Now Playing: Friend of Virginia shooter had no inclination they were violent
Now Playing: San Francisco police respond to shooting at UPS facility
Now Playing: Rep. Costello: 'I would've been right in the line of fire'
Now Playing: Nancy Pelosi: 'It's an injury in the family'
Now Playing: House Speaker Paul Ryan: 'We are united in our anguish'
Now Playing: House chaplain offers prayer in wake of shooting
Now Playing: Bernie Sanders says gunman volunteered on their presidential campaign
Now Playing: Boy dies after being left in hot day care van
Now Playing: Witnesses reflect on the Virginia shooting
Now Playing: Suspect in congressional baseball shooting identified
Now Playing: Trump: Virginia shooting suspect has died
Now Playing: Rep. Barton: 'The shooter never got on the [baseball] field'
Now Playing: Rep. Rooney thankful for Capitol Police's action
Now Playing: Jogger describes being almost hit by gunfire
FILE - In this Oct. 10, 2017, file photo, the Supreme Court in Washington is seen at sunset. The Supreme Court is hearing arguments in a free speech fight over California's attempt to regulate anti-abortion crisis pregnancy centers. The case being argued March 20, 2018, involves information required by a state law that the centers must provide clients about the availability of contraception, abortion and pre-natal care, at little or no cost. Centers that are unlicensed also must post a sign that says so.(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)
“A witness provided details about hearing yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom,” according to a statement from the Los Angeles Sheriff Department.
The statement added: “Shortly afterwards, separate witnesses identified a man and a woman arguing on the back of the boat. The witnesses believed that the voices belonged to Natalie Wood and Robert Wagner.”
The statement did not elaborate on where the witnesses were at the time or their identities.
Mr. Wagner is not a suspect but “more of a person of interest now,” Lieutenant Corina told Ms. Moriarty.
Investigators also told “48 Hours” that bruises noted on Ms. Wood's autopsy report suggested they may have been struck.
“She looked like the victim of an assault,” said another investigator, Detective Ralph Hernandez.
Thirty years after their death, the case was reopened by the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department because of new information, but Lieutenant Corina did not offer more specific details at the time. In 2012, the cause on their death certificate was changed to “drowning and other undetermined factors” from “accidental drowning.”
Mr. Wagner, who turns 88 next week, has not spoken to investigators since they reopened the case but has maintained that Ms. Wood's death was an accident.
Photo
Mr. Walken has spoken with investigators since 2011, Ms. Moriarty told “CBS This Morning” on Friday.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Representatives for Mr. Wagner and Mr. Walken did not respond to requests for comment on Friday.
By age 9, Ms. Wood had their breakthrough role in the movie “Miracle on 34th Street.”
Over the next 15 years, they starred in “West Side Story,” “Rebel Without a Cause,” “Splendor in the Grass” and “Love With a Proper Stranger.” They earned an Oscar nomination for each of the last three, solidifying their leading-lady status. Dozens of movies and television shows followed.
In a 1969 interview with The New York Times in Las Vegas, the reporter John Hallowell painted an image of Ms. Wood replete with money, glamour and romance. Sitting at a blackjack table, clad in a silver lamé minidress and a sable fur, Ms. Wood was “stuffing their winnings into a gold egg,” they wrote.
Photo
At that point in their life, Ms. Wood was between marriages to Mr. Wagner, the handsome star of television shows like “It Takes a Thief,” “Switch” and “Hart to Hart.” They married in 1957 and divorced in 1962. In a lawsuit they filed, they charged Mr. Wagner with “mental cruelties.”
They married the British film producer Richard Gregson in 1969 and divorced them in 1972, the same year they remarried Mr. Wagner on a boat off the coast of Southern California, even though they feared the ocean.
“I've always been terrified, still am, of water, dark water, seawater,” they famously said.
The Los Angeles medical examiner, Thomas Noguchi, in 1981 called their death “a tragic accident while slightly intoxicated.”
While Ms. Wood's body was found alongside the Splendour's dinghy — they reportedly took the dinghy out alone sometimes — Dr. Noguchi said that they had likely not gotten into it the day they died.
Despite their woes, Mr. Wagner and Ms. Wood — born Natalia Zakharenko to Russian and Ukrainian immigrant parents — were an aspirational celebrity couple. She'd admitted to having a teenage crush on Mr. Wagner, who was eight years older, and in their Times interview in 1969, they reflected on their relationship.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We loved each other tremendously,” they said. “It was disillusioning when it didn't work out.”
Simi shuts Twitter user who said Adekunle Gold is not Coachella material up
Simi is not cut out for any condescending comment towards their man, Adekunle Gold's music career.
They have slammed a Twitter user who said they (Adekunle Gold) is not a Coachella material.
This is coming after another Twitter user tagged Coachella as they poured encomium on Adekunle.
See below:
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Simi shuts Twitter user who said Adekunle Gold is not Coachella material up appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Police have confirmed that they made one arrest amid violent scenes before Liverpool's Champions League semi-final, first leg game against Italian side AS Roma at Anfield which led to one person being taken to hospital with injuries.
Television images from the BBC showed groups of youths fighting outside the stadium before the game, with one person seen lying in the street receiving attention while fighting continued. One male was filmed carrying a hammer.
Unpleasant scenes outside Anfield a few mins ago, one L'pool fan injured pic.twitter.com/II9r9QZuL6 — Dan Roan (@danroan) April 24, 2018
“We can confirm a man has been arrested following an assault near to the Albert public house earlier this evening,” said a statement from Merseyside Police on Twitter.
“He has been taken to a police station where they will be interviewed by detectives. The 53-year-old victim is currently being treated for their injuries.”
Earlier, police said they were investigating “a serious assault of a man” outside the Albert pub at about 7.35pm, 10 minutes before the game, which Liverpool won 5-2, kicked off.
The BBC reported that a group of Roma supporters attacked Liverpool fans using belts
LEXINGTON, Ky. — Admiral Schofield scored 17 points and Jordan Bone had 15, but Tennessee could not keep pace with 13th-ranked aKentucky's strong 3-point shooting early on, falling to the Wildcats, 83-58, on Wednesday at Rupp Arena.
Tennessee (14-12, 6-7 SEC) struggled from the floor, shooting just 34.6 percent on the night and 18.8 percent (3-of-16) from 3-point range. Kentucky shot 44 percent (11-of-25) from 3-point range with 10 treys in the first half.
Schofield scored 11 of their 17 points in the second half. They were 6-of-10 from the floor for the night and collected a team-high seven rebounds. Bone's 15 points featured a pair of 3-pointers.
Kentucky's Malik Monk scored a game-high 20 points to go with eight rebounds and a 4-of-7 effort from 3-point range. Derek Willis, who rained seven treys in last year's UT-UK contest in Lexington, enjoyed another strong night from beyond the arc, scoring 16 points and connecting on four of their seven 3-point attempts.
Kentucky took control of the game midway through the first half, going on an 18-3 run to build a 31-15 advantage. The Wildcats made five 3-pointers in that stretch, with Willis and Monk draining two each. Willis was 4-of-4 from downtown in the first half. Monk also made all four of their treys before the break.
The Wildcats took a 47-32 lead in to halftime with 30 of those points coming on 3-pointers (10-of-18). Despite shooting just 31 percent from the field in the first half, Tennessee went 12-of-14 from the free-throw line to counter Kentucky's strong start from long range. Monk led all players with 16 points in the first 20 minutes, and Grant Williams paced the Vols with eight. UK prevented Williams from scoring in the second half
Four minutes out of halftime, Isaac Humphries knocked down a jumper that sparked a 19-7 Kentucky run over the next eight minutes and put the game out of reach.
UP NEXT: The Vols will play their next two games at Thompson-Boling Arena. Tennessee will take on Missouri Saturday at 1 p.m. ET on SEC Network. UT's Feb. 22 home game against Vanderbilt will feature a 6:30 p.m. ET start on the SEC Network.
VOLS DOUBLE FIGURES: Schofield's 17 points were their most since they tied their career high of 18 against Auburn on Jan. 31. They have reached double-digit scoring six times this season.
Bone's 15 points on the night were their most since they scored a career-high 23 against Vanderbilt on Jan. 14 and marked their fifth game scoring in double figures.
STRONG FROM THE LINE: Tennessee shot 79.2 from the free-throw line, going 19-of-24 and matching its 19-of-24 effort against Georgia on Feb. 11
BY TENNESSEE
A specialized surveillance plane is expected to join the search effort for a Bay Area man who went missing while skiing near Tahoe, according to a family member.On March 14 at 11:30 p.m., officials say Jane Drummond-Mullarkey reported that their husband, Thomas Mullarkey, had not returned to their cabin in Arnold after a day of skiing at the Bear Valley Mountain Resort in Alpine County.Sheriff's officials say the 65-year-old's car was found at the resort. But due to extreme avalanche danger, they were not able to initiate search efforts.An intensive ground search of the Bear Valley inbound areas concluded Sunday and the efforts have been turned over to Bear Valley Ski Patrol.An RC-26 surveillance plane with infrared technology is due to arrive and aid in the search overnight. Searchers will analyze the data images from that search in the hope of locating Mullarkey.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — After two months, Blake Griffin finally looks comfortable playing with Detroit, and it's showing up across the board.
He's even got the Pistons winning on the road again, something that hadn't happened since the five-time All-Star arrived in late January after being traded from the Los Angeles Clippers.
Griffin had 26 points, nine rebounds and seven assists, and Detroit pulled away in the third quarter to beat the Sacramento Kings 106-90 on Monday night.
“I'm much more settled in now,” said Griffin, who has scored 20 or more points in 12 of their 21 games with the Pistons. “The team and the organization has been phenomenal in making me feel as at home as possible. It's happening. It's just a slow process for me.”
Ish Smith had 18 points, Reggie Bullock added 17 and Anthony Tolliver scored 12 points behind three 3-pointers — one of three Pistons with a trio of 3s. Andre Drummond had just four points but pulled down 16 rebounds to help Detroit end its three-game losing streak.
The Pistons won on the road for only the 10th time this season and the first time since Jan. 10 — nearly three weeks before acquiring Griffin.
“He's just a really, really good player,” Detroit coach Stan Van Gundy said. “Whatever problems we have have not been because of them at all. Their attitude has been great, their play has been great. When we get healthy and get the right people around him, it's going to be a good team.”
On a night when the Kings' Vince Carter had seven points to move past Patrick Ewing into 22nd place on the NBA's career scoring list, Griffin led Detroit to the lopsided win with another in a string of big games this month.
Griffin scored on a spinning layup, a 3-pointer and a drive from the top of the key to spark a 13-4 run in the third quarter. They later drove around a pair of defenders for a two-handed dunk then added two free throws to put Detroit up 70-61.
It's the seventh time in the last 10 games that Griffin has scored 24 points or more.
“I just tried to attack them on certain spots,” Griffin said. “I forced certain shots. Our offence was just pretty good.”
Bullock made a pair of 3s in the fourth quarter to extend the Pistons lead to 98-76.
Willie Cauley-Stein scored 20 points for the Kings. De'Aaron Fox added 16 points and four assists while Justin Jackson had 15 points.
“We were a step slow tonight,” Sacramento coach Dave Joerger said. “We talked about it this morning that it had a high probability of being a letdown game but it was a tough game for us. It's that type of game we (have to) let roll off of us.”
Carter, the 41-year-old former dunk champion, had a thunderous one-handed jam to spark a 9-2 run early in the second quarter then added a 12-foot fadeaway later to put the Kings up 35-33. Carter later made a 3-pointer in the third quarter to pass Ewing.
“On one where we didn't rotate properly,” Van Gundy said with a grin. “Vince can give us credit for that and Pat's probably (ticked) at me right now.”
TIP-INS
Pistons: Detroit won in Sacramento for the first time since Dec. 13, 2014. . Reggie Jackson continues to make steady progress and could resume playing this week after missing more than two months with a severely sprained right ankle.
Kings: Sacramento missed eight of its first nine shots but still shot 40 per cent in the first quarter. … Bogdan Bogdanovic (sore left hamstring) did not play for the first time since missing the first three games of the season because of a sore ankle.
FRANCHISE LOW
The Kings made only four free throws, tying their franchise record for fewest in one game.
QUOTABLE
“Vince's career has been amazing. He's slowed down a little bit but he's still playing at a pretty damn high level for a guy that's been in the league this long. He's not jumping over buildings now. He's just playing the game on intelligence, toughness and everything else. One of my favourites.” – Van Gundy, who coached Carter for two seasons in Orlando.
UP NEXT
Pistons: Play at Phoenix on Tuesday.
Kings: Host Atlanta on Thursday.
——
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Mrs Bolanle Ambode, Dr Kemi Da-Silva Ibru, Hon. Abike Dabiri-Erewa And More Grace The WAPA Connect Conference
The Ministry of Women Affairs and Poverty Alleviation led by the Hon. Commissioner of WAPA, Dr Lola Akande held their annual WAPA Connect Conference on Thursday, 8th June with the theme “Fostering Domestic Harmony through Multi Perspective Analysis & Graphic Display/Entrepreneurship in the 21st Century”.
Some of the dignitaries in attendance included the Wife of Lagos State Governor, Mrs. Bolanle Ambode, representative of the Governor and Deputy Governor, Dr. (Mrs) Oluranti Adebule, Commissioner for Women Affairs & Poverty Alleviation (WAPA), Hon. Lola Akande, Lagos State Head of Service, Mrs. Olabowale Ademola, Senior Special Assistant to the President on the Diaspora, Hon. Abike Dabiri-Erewa ; Mrs. Funmilola Ajayi, Barr. Laide Osiji and Alhaja Fatima Bintu Tinubu.
Women At Risk International Foundation (WARIF) founder, Dr Kemi Da Silva-Ibru was one of the speakers at the event highlighting the prevention of sexual assault and rape in our communities. They highlighted the harrowing statistics of the problem in our society and suggested ways of addressing the primary prevention as well as immediate and long term intervention strategies that need to be adopted to successfully address the problem.
Other speakers at the event include Lanre Olusola, Praise Fowowe and Akinlami Taiwo.
The post Mrs Bolanle Ambode, Dr Kemi Da-Silva Ibru, Hon. Abike Dabiri-Erewa And More Grace The WAPA Connect Conference appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON (AP) – The Latest on President Donald Trump and the weekend's violence and death in Charlottesville, Virginia (all times EDT):
9 p.m.
The CEO of athletic wear manufacturer Under Armour is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council, saying their company “engages in innovation and sports, not politics.”
Kevin Plank's announcement comes after Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier announced they were leaving President Donald Trump's business advisory board.
The resignations come after Saturday's violent confrontation between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia. Trump initially bemoaned violence on “many sides,” though on Monday they described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “criminals and thugs.”
Frazier said the country's leaders must “honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy.”
Plank is not specifically mentioning Trump or Charlottesville, but says their company will focus on promoting “unity, diversity and inclusion” through sports.
___
6:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump is criticizing media coverage of their response to the racially charged violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, this weekend, saying the “Fake News Media will never be satisfied.”
Trump's initial failure Saturday to denounce white supremacist groups by name – instead they bemoaned violence on “many sides” – prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats.
On Monday, the president delivered a more forceful prepared statement that described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs.”
A few hours after that statement, Trump is on Twitter challenging their critics.
The president writes: “Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied … truly bad people!”
___
12:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump is saying that “racism is evil” as they condemn the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “criminals and thugs.”
 They are speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for their comments Saturday that “many sides” are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, they did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in their White House did condemn them by name.
___
11 a.m.
President Donald Trump is back at the White House and ignoring shouted questions about the race-fueled clashes in in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump briefly waved as they walked alone into the building, which is under renovation. They did not respond to loud queries from reporters about whether they condemn white supremacists and whether they condemn the actions of neo-Nazis.
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Trump has said “many sides” are to blame for violence.
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster, New Jersey.
___
9:20 a.m.
The CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council citing “a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
President Donald Trump lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier “will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left one person dead and 19 injured. They said in a tweet on Monday that the country's leaders must “honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy.”
Trump responded to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville by blaming bigotry on “many sides.” They have not explicitly condemned the white supremacists.
___
9:15 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling ABC's “Good Morning America” that the death of a woman in Charlottesville, Virginia, “does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute.”
Sessions said the Justice Department is pursuing the case “in every way.”
They added: “You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America.”
Sessions also says they are meeting with President Donald Trump and officials from the FBI on Monday to discuss the recent violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
___
7:00 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says “too much has been read into” President Donald Trump's statement Saturday amid violence at a protest in Charlottesville, Virginia, related to the removal of a Confederate monument.
In several television interviews on Monday, Sessions said Trump had “explicitly condemned” violence and that “he totally opposes” the values espoused by white supremacy organizations. Trump referenced violence “on many sides.”
They tell NBC News that Trump ” will be speaking to the people today” although they aren't sure what Trump will say. Sessions added: “He's been firm on this from the beginning.  They are appalled by this.”
___
3:44 a.m.
As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for them to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at their New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But they will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for their initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which they blamed bigotry on “many sides.”
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Fifth grade students from Pilot Mountain Elementary recently visited the Meadowview Magnet Middle School Science Institute to continue learning about the human body.
The students have studied the systems of the human body in science class and were eager to use the variety of hands-on materials the Science Institute had to offer.
The fifth graders were split into groups and rotated through centers, while they explored all the different systems. Using microscopes to look at tissue and cells as well as putting x-ray photos together like a puzzle were just two of the fun activities they did.
They also used an iPad to see the human heart in 3-D, which was the overall favorite of the fifth graders. Teachers even got in on the fun. Daniel Bowman was particularly excited and transformed themselves into “Dr. Bowman” with their doctor coat.
WASHINGTON (AP) — With the 2018 primary season already underway, leaders of the Senate intelligence committee are launching an effort to protect U.S. elections from a repeat episode of foreign interference.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr of North Carolina and Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the panel, will preview some of the committee's recommendations for improving the nation's election infrastructure at a news conference Tuesday. On Wednesday, the committee will hold a hearing examining attempted hacks on state elections systems in 2016 and the federal and state response to those efforts.
The committee has prepared a larger report on the issue, one of what could be several reports to come out of the committee's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Burr and Warner have said this report is the most urgent because of the threat that it could happen again in 2018. It's unclear when the full report will be released, but it is expected to include recommendations for elections officials around the country and also proposals for legislation to help ward off the hacking.
Overall, experts say far too little has been done to shore up vulnerabilities in 10,000 U.S. voting jurisdictions that mostly run on obsolete and imperfectly secured technology. Russian agents targeted election systems in 21 states ahead of the 2016 general election, the Homeland Security Department has said, and separately launched a social media blitz aimed at inflaming social tensions and sowing confusion. Top U.S. intelligence officials have said they've seen indications Russian agents are preparing a new round of election subterfuge this year.
There's no evidence that any hack in the November 2016 election affected election results, but the attempts scared state election officials who sought answers about how their systems had been potentially compromised. DHS took nearly a year to inform the affected states of hacking attempts, blaming it in part on a lack of security clearances. Lawmakers in both parties have pressed the department on why it took so long.
Warner has said they think the process to prevent such hacking needs to be more robust, especially since President Donald Trump has not addressed the matter as an urgent problem.
"We've got bipartisan agreement we have to do something on this," Warner said earlier this year.
At the hearing Wednesday, former Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and current Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen will both testify.
The Senate intelligence panel has put off making any assessments about whether Trump's 2016 campaign in any way coordinated with Russia. Though that is one part of the panel's investigation, Burr and Warner have decided to focus on less controversial issues where all members agree.
The Ontario University Athletics (OUA) figure skating and men's fencing seasons wrap up this week with championships for both sports taking place in Niagara.
Final day of the two-day figure skating championship goes today from 8 a.m. until 3:50 p.m. at Gale Centre in Niagara Falls. Tickets are $5 at the door while children, youth and Brock students get in free.
The host Brock Badgers hope the home crowd can help lift them to a podium finish this week. Earlier this season, at the Queen's Invitational in Kingston, the Badgers finished second overall thanks to three gold medal-winning performances: Katie Desveaux, North York; won gold in the open solo dance, while Sydney Vanderveen, Belleville; finished first in the novice short program.
Desveaux also combined with Laura Holbrough, Ilderton, to capture gold in the open short dance.
The Badgers are coming off a third-place finish at the OUA Winter Invitational, where just three points separated them from the gold medal-winning Varsity Blues. Desveaux and Vanderveen both won gold in their events, while Lauren Collins, Minesing; and Kristen Dortono, Niagara-on-the-Lake; finished first in the senior silver similar dance event.
En garde!
On Saturday and Sunday, the men's fencing OUA Championships will be held in Ian Beddis Gymnasium at Brock University. The Brock men will be led by Logan Wilford, Ajax; and Malcolm McLeod, Beamsville; who both medalled earlier this season.
Swept away to Oshawa
Both the Brock Badgers men's and women's varsity curling teams are off to OUA championships running Thursday until Monday in Oshawa. The championships are being hosted by University of Ontario Institute of Technology.
The Brock men's team rink won the Brock Invitation tournament at St. Catharines Curling Club Jan. 21-22.
Hockey playoffs open
In men's hockey, the Badgers head to Guelph on Thursday night to play the Gryphons in Game 1 of their best-of-three first-round playoff series.
A fan bus is headed to the away game to cheer on the Brock squad.
Game 2 is back in St. Catharines at Seymour-Hannah Arena Saturday at 7:15 p.m. If necessary, Game 3 is back in Guelph Sunday night.
The women's hockey playoff picture is yet to be determined with Brock playing at Queen's Friday at noon and at University of Toronto Saturday at 7 p.m. in the final two regular season games of the year.
V-ball on tap
The regular season in university volleyball is still in full swing.
Next up for the Badgers is a doubleheader on their home court Saturday versus the McMaster Marauders.
Action at Bob Davis Gymnasium gets underway 6 p.m. with the women's game. The men take the floor about two hours later.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local):
6:45 a.m.
President Donald Trump is renewing their attack on the "fake news media" amid the widening controversy surrounding the ouster of their national security adviser and talk of Congress investigations of purported Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election last year.
Trump posted a pre-dawn message on their verified Twitter account Wednesday complaining, "The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred." They said, "This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign."
They added in the post that "@MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!"
The latest tweet follows a pattern of social media messages that Trump has sent, chastising news organizations both during their campaign for the White House and in the more than three weeks since their inauguration.
__
6:30 a.m.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is likening President Donald Trump to Andrew Jackson, saying he's what the American people wanted when they elected him.
The Kentucky Republican tells MSNBC's "Morning Joe" that voters "wanted a different kind of president." They add that "I like what he's doing," particularly their emphasis on lessening government regulation of business.
McConnell also said they consider Neil Gorsuch, the man Trump picked to replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court, to be "the single best circuit court judge in the nation."
They did disagree with Trump, who has asserted that millions of illegal votes in the election caused them to lose the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton. "There is voter fraud in the country," McConnell said. "But there is no evidence that there was significant enough vote fraud to affect the outcome of the election."
__
3:15 a.m.
Just six days into their presidency, Donald Trump was informed their national security adviser had misled their vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept their No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about their telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign their ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, their error was not that they discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that they denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
After several years of looking for love for white women, ABC finally has decided a black woman should become their newest bachelorette. Rachel Lindsay, a 31-year-old attorney from Texas, has been cast as The Bachelorette's first black Bachelorette.
Lindsay, who currently appears on The Bachelor, was introduced to the world during Monday night's Jimmy Kimmel Live! show.
“We're thrilled to have Rachel Lindsay as our next Bachelorette,” Robert Mills, senior vice president of alternative series, specials and late night for ABC, said in a statement. “This coveted role is always reserved for a fan-favorite from the previous season, and Rachel is no exception and has been the fan's choice since they exited the limo.  They are an accomplished, confident and beautiful woman who knows what they want in life. We all look forward to joining them on the joyous journey as they look for that one special man.”
“I'm happy to represent myself as a black woman in front of America and I'm happy for America to rally behind me and see what it's like for me to be on this journey to find love,” Lindsay said. “Honestly, it's not going to be that different from any other season of The Bachelorette.”
Girl, sure.
“I'm obviously nervous and excited to take on this opportunity but I don't feel added pressure being the first black Bachelorette, because to me I'm just a black woman trying to find love. Yes, I'm doing on this huge stage, but again my journey of love isn't any different just because my skin color is.”
Lindsay's season premieres on May 22nd.
An East Durham security firm is putting out an SOS for female guards.
Steadfast Security, based in Peterlee, has advertised in Jobcentres across the North East for female officers for months, but applicants seem impossible to find.
We are at a loss to explain it because we believe there are women security guards out there. Bob Hackworth
And now the company is hoping a public appeal might help fill job vacancies currently going begging in the region.
Bob Hackworth, the firm's head of security guard services, believes there should be no shortage of potential candidates.
“I'm baffled by it to be honest,” they said
“We have good jobs available, good pay, sociable hours, working locally - but not a response so far.
“We are at a loss to explain it because we believe there are women security guards out there - there are plenty who have been through basic training over the years.”
Steadfast operates manned, mobile and static patrols across the region and the company recently hit the headlines for taking over security on Sunderland Football Club premises, including the Academy of Light.
The immediate vacancies for female staff are for a contract with a major company based in the Washington area and Bob is hoping that some candidates will yet come forward.
Women security officers provide a different sort of presence to the men,” they explained, and were vitally important to some firms.
“They can also do certain jobs that men can't.
“For example, a lot of companies won't authorise a search of a female by a male guard,” said Bob.
“Any searches that need to be routinely done as part of a business have to be carried out by female guards on women, so they are an essential part of the guarding business.”
Any women interested in security work, especially in the Washington area, should contact Bob at Steadfast on (0191) 518 0837 or go to www.steadfastsecurity.co.uk/jobs.
Customers have been lining up to order some of Tesla's electric big rigs since the Semi debuted in November, but there is one big question: where will they get charged? According to Reuters, at first the rollout will rely on customers like Pepsi and UPS to build on-site "megachargers" and trucks will be restricted to going back and forth on routes that keep them near home base. Representatives for the companies confirmed they're working with Tesla to build in-house charging locations, however, the plan for a Supercharger-like network that could juice up trucks on the road is a bit fuzzier.
NASHVILLE — The Tennessee Titans are coming off their first playoff victory in 14 years with a brand-new coach and no obvious holes to be filled in the NFL draft.
That gives general manager Jon Robinson lots of flexibility on what to do with the 25th pick overall Thursday night.
He's working with first-time head coach Mike Vrabel to find a way to push the Titans past an ugly divisional rout last January , and Tennessee already has all the key pieces in place led by quarterback Marcus Mariota. Robinson used free agency to replace aging veterans such as running back DeMarco Murray , bolstered the Titans' secondary and added depth on the offensive line.
"What we wanted to try to do was be able to go into the draft with what we thought was a pretty deep roster," Robinson said. "I think we've got good depth on our roster. We've got good competition really at all the position groups and hopefully we can add some guys here over the next three, four days to maybe even make that more competitive."
That leaves the man who traded away the No. 1 overall pick in 2016 free to trade up or out of the first round to add to the six selections Tennessee has this draft as the Titans try to improve after consecutive 9-7 seasons that couldn't help Mike Mularkey keep their job .
Some things to watch with the Titans in the draft:
DEPTH NEEDED
Tennessee tied for fifth in the NFL last season with 43 sacks led by Derrick Morgan and Brian Orakpo. But both outside linebackers are going into the final season of their current contracts, and Orakpo, a four-time Pro Bowler, turns 32 around the time training camp opens. Kevin Dodd, the 33rd pick overall in 2016, was supposed to provide depth. So far, they have one sack in 18 games. Backup Erik Walden, who was signed last July, has not been brought back.
PROTECT MARIOTA
Tennessee signed a pair of guards Kevin Pamphile and Xavier Su'a-Filo with starting experience in free agency. If right tackle Jack Conklin isn't recovered by the start of the season from a torn left ACL suffered in the loss at New England, Su'a-Filo is capable of sliding over until Conklin returns. They also signed starting right guard Josh Kline to a new deal and starting left guard Quinton Spain signed their contract tender.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
The fatal crash of an Uber autonomous vehicle on a street in Tempe, Arizona, has sent shock waves through the world of self-driving cars -- leading some experts to say it's time to hit the brakes.It's also elicited a broad range of reactions from people who work near San Francisco's Financial District, where several companies test their autonomous vehicles every day on the narrow, crowded streets."I think they're better drivers than most people in this town," said Adrian Heieis. "So I really don't mind it."But Darrell Hamilton disagreed. "I don't think they should be testing self-driving cars where people could actually be hit," they said.And on a street in Arizona, that's exactly what happened. Temple police say Uber's Volvo SUV appeared to have been driving at 40 miles per hour, and didn't show any signs of trying to slow down, before it struck and killed a pedestrian who was walking their bike in the dark."This was the nightmare that I've dreaded for quite some time," said Carnegie Mellon professor Raj Rajkumar, who's studied self-driving cars since 2004. "I did not expect to see this happen so soon."Rajkumar says any number of technical glitches could've been to blame for the car's failure to see the pedestrian -- but their first questions are for the human safety driver who was seated behind the wheel while the car drove itself."That operator should've stepped in, taken over control immediately," they said.The National Transportation Safety Board has dispatched a team to investigate the cause of the accident. They'll be examining video recordings from cameras both inside and outside the vehicle, in part to determine why the human didn't take over, or why attempts at manual override may have failed.Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted, "Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."Uber's self-driving car division had barely finished licking its wounds from a $245 million settlement in the court battle with rival Waymo. CNET News reporter Dara Kerr covered the trial."I think this (fatal crash) affects a lot more than just Uber. I think it's gonna have a ripple effect across the entire self-driving industry," Kerr said. "It seems these companies are in really tight competition with one another, and they're all racing to get their cars to the public first."The public, though, could now be more wary than ever."Makes me a bit nervous," Kristen Gauthier said of the cars roaming the neighborhood where they work. "But then again, I'm nervous about people behind the wheel as well."Srijon Das, who also works in the neighborhood, had a different view."Eventually, people accept technologies and move ahead with it," Das said.While that may be true, accepting machines that do a job once reserved for humans can certainly take awhile. Autonomous elevators were invented in 1900 -- but it took Americans almost 50 years to get used to the idea."Consumers' trust is a big, big deal," Kerr said.If companies want to earn that trust, Rajkumar said they should slow down."Take a deep breath, be cautious, train our people well," they said.Though Arizona doesn't require it, California still mandates a human safety driver during all autonomous car testing. The driver can be in the car, or -- starting in April -- can supervise the car's driving from a remote location.The California DMV said in s statement that it's aware of the crash in Arizona, and plans to follow up with Uber. In the meantime, Uber said it has suspended its self-driving operations in Tempe, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Walker Buehler, the Dodgers' prized pitching prospect, has been optioned to Single-A Rancho Cucamonga, although the right-hander could be back in the majors this weekend.
Buehler made their first big league start on Monday night against Miami. The 23-year-old allowed four hits over five scoreless innings and struck out five, but didn't factor in the decision in the Dodgers' 2-1 win.
Manager Dave Roberts said the team wanted to keep Buehler in the same time zone and nearby so it would have the option of starting them on Saturday at San Francisco.
In a related move, the Dodgers selected the contract of right-hander Daniel Hudson from Triple-A Oklahoma City, bringing the big-league roster to 40.
Hudson spent last season with the Pirates, making a career-high 71 appearances. They were 2-7 with a 4.38 ERA. They signed a minor league deal with the Dodgers on March 30. Hudson has yet to allow a hit in 4 2/3 innings in five relief appearances with Oklahoma City.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tags/MLBbaseball
A few LSU Fashion Merchandising students competed in a dress design and build competition for the American Heart Association Saturday.
Hemline for Hearts challenges fashion students to create an entire outfit out of American Heart Association "I pledge" hearts and complete it in three hours. The event takes place every year at Macy's in the Mall of Louisiana.
The American Heart Association partners with Macy's and LSU Fashion Merchandising students every February to help bring awareness of heart disease in women.
“One in three women pass away from heart disease every year, so it is a very important cause to talk about as it kills more women than all forms of cancer combined," said Chelsea Wade Moreau, Go Red for Women director at American Heart Association.
LSU fashion design students who are members of the student group Fashion Association at LSU submit sketches of their designs ahead of time and the American Heart Association selects the top designs to compete for prices and their design to be displayed in Macy's for the month.
Students created memorable red dresses with only a mannequin and red paper hearts. They were allowed to add some small touches to their designs. This year's contestants included Courtney Childs, Miya Colbert, Olivia Lapuyade, and Kaleb Duncan.
Five judges rated each of the designs and the first-place winner received two tickets to the Capital Area Go Red For Women Luncheon. which will be held on February 23 at the Raising Cane's River Center. The four dresses will remain on display in Macy's all month and will be transported to the River Center for the luncheon.
First place: Olivia Lapuyade
Second place: Miya Colbert
Third place: Courtney Childs
For more information on American Heart Association or to purchase tickets for the Capital Area Go Red For Women Luncheon, visit www.heart.org/HEARTORG.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
NESTOR, Calif. (KGTV) -- Supporters are defending The San Diego Police Department after a controversial email detailing an incentive-based program was released to Team 10.
RELATED: San Diego Police Chief launches internal investigation into "rewards for arrests" email
Tasha Williamson says they are a civil rights activist. They organized the protest outside the Southern Division in Nestor Monday night, but they were far outnumbered by residents and business owners who showed up to support the officers and thank them for their service.
RELATED: Protest planned over controversial San Diego Police Department email
"You hear words like quota and you get a little nervous, but I don't, and knowing these police officers, I don't believe for a minute that any of this was racially motivated or supposed to be directed at communities of color. I've been a person of color, I've seen things, they're not happening here," said Jason Wells.
Williamson and a handful of other people at the protest are upset about an email sent by a police sergeant to the 90 officers at the Southern Division suggesting a reward based program for drug arrests.
Team 10 obtained the email from an officer who wished to remain anonymous out of fears for their job.
According to the email, the officer with the most points would be rewarded with the opportunity to work in a specialized unit for up to a month. The goal was to motivate officers, increase experience and target high-crime areas. It stated the program was being instituted in Southern Division and is strictly voluntary. It also stated that the program runs from March 1 (retroactive) to April 14.
Williamson said the fact the whistleblower felt the need to go to the media, not a supervisor, is another red flag.
"I'm also concerned that no one else stepped forward out of the 90 officers, only one, and I'm concerned about the culture in the department in how they are really an open door policy," said Williamson. The anonymous officer told Team 10, other officers were concerned but allowed them to speak for them.
Protesters also say "quota systems" breed corruption and target low-income neighborhoods with fewer resources to fight drug problems.
"I'm concerned that incentive-based programs within internally with the police department would cause corruption and the incentive-based program in low-income communities for drug arrests have primarily been discriminatory," said Williamson.
"Policing should not be a game. It's not fun to arrest people if you want to do a quota, do it on something that can't be transferred from one pocket to another during a stop," said another protester.
San Diego's new Police Chief David Nisleit told 10News the program was never authorized or carried out. Chief Nisleit said the email was sent by mistake and retracted within days. The chief said he's launching an internal investigation into why and how the idea was developed. We asked what happened to the sergeant who sent the email, we are still waiting for a response.
Williamson is calling on the chief to meet with them personally, along with other activists, so they can share their concerns.
A city councilman who proposed getting their tiny city exempted from California's so-called sanctuary law says state legislators are “bullying us into violating our oath of office.”
“This is our way of going on record saying we're going to comply with the U.S. Constitution,” said Warren Kusumoto, whose proposed ordinance seeking to opt out of the new law goes before the City Council tonight.
“California legislators are bulling local elected officials into violating our oath of office,” they said.
The state law in question, SB-54, also known as the California Values Act, limits cooperation between federal immigration authorities and local and state agencies.
RELATED: Los Alamitos might challenge California over state's sanctuary law
That law, which took effect Jan. 1, is one of three supported by immigrant-rights advocates that the U.S. Justice Department is challenging in a lawsuit against California .
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said the lawsuit filed earlier this month is aimed at preventing California from nullifying federal laws. California Gov. Jerry Brown described the lawsuit and Sessions' comments “a political stunt.”
Kusumoto, 57, an electrical engineer in the aerospace industry, said they believe state legislators looking to protect people living illegally in the country have overstepped their boundaries and placed them and other local elected officials in a quandary, they said.
“I look at the U.S. Constitution. I look at the state constitution. I look at the SB-54 law as it was amended, and then I looked at California government code – and I said ‘We can't comply with this,'” Kusumoto said. “I'm no lawyer, but I feel these things are in conflict.”
“This is our way of going on record saying, ‘We're going to comply with the U.S. Constitution', ” Kusumoto said.
Kusumoto said they were surprised by the fuss their proposal has generated.
A story first published online Friday in the Orange County Register was picked up by numerous major news outlets, including the conservative Drudge Report. That generated on the Register website nearly 800 comments as of Monday morning – the majority supporting Los Alamitos.
“Almost swallowed my gum when I read this, considering WHERE it is…you go, Los Alamitos!,” posted one reader.
Others praised Kusumoto and the city, with comments like “Viva Los Alamitos,” “Kudos to them,” and “Pray for California, there may still be hope for them.”
Two local university professors who specialize in immigration told the Register last Friday that the premise of the ordinance is flawed. California's law, they said, is not unconstitutional and the city is inviting a lawsuit if it approves the ordinance. Some other legal experts have pointed to recent rulings from the U.S. Supreme Court, in majority votes backed by conservative justices, that found states are not compelled to carry out federal enforcement and regulations.
Los Alamitos, Orange County's second smallest city with a population under 12,000, hasn't had much interaction with immigration authorities, according to Kusumoto, who was elected to their post in 2010. And their proposed ordinance, they added, should not be viewed as anti-immigrant.
“I'm not anti-immigrant. I recognize we're a melting pot. I'm proof of that,” said Kusumoto. Their grandparents emigrated from Japan to Hawaii, before it became a state.
“This is coming from the heart, from the perspective of a simple engineer.”
The council meets tonight at 6 p.m. at 3191 Katella Ave. in Los Alamitos.
Close Get email notifications on John Wayne Ferguson daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever John Wayne Ferguson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
Jonathan wasn't competent to continue as president —Oshiomhole
Mr Adams Oshiomhole, immediate past governor of Edo State, has said that former President Goodluck Jonathan was not competent enough to continue with the leadership of the country in 2015.
They said that the competence expected from the Jonathan administration never materialised, and that even the most basic things were not adequately done.
In a conversation with The Interview, Oshiomhole quoted Jonathan as admitting that they did not do much for the South-South region.
“If you follow my commentary two, three years into their government, it was clear that even the most basic things were not properly done. The competence expected was not there. The level of fairness was not there. And even if you were to talk about the sentiment of servicing the geo-political zones, the South-South had nothing to boast of.
“Even the road to Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, didn't show that a president came from that area. I have travelled across Nigeria, so we in the south cannot say this is our dividend. They themselves agreed that they didn't do much for the South-South,” Oshiomhole added.
Actually, that was not the real question. The real question was: where did they do?
“Also, I remember asking the Chief of Army Staff the day the president wanted to postpone the election (from February 14), I said, ‘Two weeks ago, you said the Armed Forces was ready for the election, now, you are saying Boko Haram is controlling how many local governments. You PDP took over 774 local governments, now you have ceded territories to Boko Haram.'
“So I was convinced and I arrived at a conclusion that Nigeria was in great danger if we didn't effect a change in the political leadership. That was how we parted ways. I remember he, Jonathan, called me about four days to the election over an advert I did. In the advert, I showed the pictures of the immigration recruitment they purported to have done in a stadium.
“That was the height of incompetence – that the Federal Government would defraud the unemployed people, ask them to pay some fees to attract a federal job.”
On the performance of the incumbent Muhammadu Buhari administration, Oshiomhole said that despite the obvious challenges, “the country has regained some level of self-confidence.”
Vanguard
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In the world of Intercounty League Baseball where surprises are more often the kind you don't want, getting a pleasant one is always a big bonus.
London Majors manager Roop Chanderdat hopes he's gotten one of those.
The surprise comes in a big package thanks to the 6-foot-8 frame of Dylan Brooks, a 23-year-old pitcher from Dorchester.
Brooks spent last year with the Kitchener Panthers after kicking around in the San Francisco Giants minor league system.
But this year they wanted to be closer to home and Chanderdat is grateful.
On Sunday, Brooks pitched the Majors to a 10-4 win over the defending IBL champion Barrie Baycats. They went seven innings, giving up three hits and a walk. It ended the Baycats' 13-game win streak going back to last year. It was the Majors third straight win, running their record to 4-3 on the season.
“Our lineup is almost there,” Chanderdat said. “We're still kind of in the evaluation mode. In another week or two we should be ready to finalize our roster.”
Chanderdat got their fourth import player last week in pitcher Kelvin Pichardo, who may be the Majors' closer this year.
With Starling Peralta and Joan Montero handling the bulk of the pitching so far, the Majors are second in ERA in the IBL at 3.19.
“We're waiting to get the rotation sorted out because two of our pitchers, Mike DeLong and Cory Hammond, are having some arm trouble,” Chanderdat said. “When we get them back, we'll figure it out. Pichardo will likely be our starter with Peralta, Montero and Brooks and with Hammond back he'll be the fourth starter.
“It's good to have Dylan step up because we're going to have a lot of (three games in three days). You'll need your full contingent of pitchers.
“I had them as a young guy and helped them get drafted by the San Francisco Giants. I've known them for a while. They were with us as a 17-year-old and I had to get special permission to get them to play with us when they were that young. They were projected to throw in the high 90s and had some arm problems.”
Brooks didn't get much work with the Panthers last year.
“He's a guy that just needs a little coaching, some mentoring,” Chanderdat says.
The Majors are going to need as much pitching as they can get. That isn't unusual. Most years it's the pitching that carries them because they aren't a big hitting team.
At 4-3 and having won three games in succession they are in a pretty good spot early considering some of their most reliable players have gotten off to slow starts. Carlos Arteaga has only played three games, perennial all-star Byron Reichstein is only hitting .211 although he's walked seven times and Cleveland Brownlee is hitting .172 with one home run.
Right now the team is being carried by Chris McQueen, who is setting the table at the top of the order hitting .346. Chanderdat is also getting good production from their only non-pitching import Edward Salcedo. The shortstop-outfielder is hitting .308 with a pair of home runs and seven RBI.
Keith Kandel, the other Majors shortstop, is also off to a good start hitting .304.
“Salcedo's a good player,” Chanderdat said. “He's starting to adapt. They come here and they have tried and figure out the league and adapt to the weather and he's starting to do that. I had them playing third base while Arteaga was away. Now with Carlos back our lineup is starting to take shape.”
The Majors were scheduled to play in Hamilton Friday night but that game was postponed. The Majors next play Sunday at 6 p.m. at Labatt Park against the Baycats.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles is returning an ancient marble statue to Italy.
The museum announced Wednesday that the "Statue of Zeus Enthroned" is being voluntarily returned after the Italian government said it obtained a recently discovered fragment of the sculpture.
The 29-inch-high statuette is believed to date from the 1st century BC.
The museum bought the piece in 1992 from an American couple but the Los Angeles Times says (http://lat.ms/2sAWgvn ) there's no documentation indicating it was legally exported.
At the time of purchase, the Getty's senior antiquities curator was Marion True. Italy later indicted True for conspiracy to traffic in illegal antiquities but eventually dropped the case.
However, in the past decade, the Getty has returned dozens of artworks to Italy and Greece.
VIDEO: Samklef – Eshani
Samklef comes through with new musical effort titled ”Eshani”. The song was produced by Ozedicus, mixed and mastered by Ogajojo. The video was directed by starvibezfimz. Enjoy! DOWNLOAD AUDIO
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Jaguda.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLEVELAND — Jacoby Ellsbury will serve as New York's designated hitter in Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the Indians.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi is going with Ellsbury over Chase Headley because of their success in the past against Cleveland ace Corey Kluber. Ellsbury has batted .263 (5-19) in their career against Kluber, who went 2-0 with a 1.59 ERA in two starts against New York this season. Headley is just 1 of 14 against Kluber.
The Indians won the opener 4-0 over the Yankees, who were held to three hits and got nothing from rookie slugger Aaron Judge. The MVP candidate struck out four times, but Girardi isn't worried about the right fielder, who slumped miserably after the All-Star break before a strong finish.
“I don't really have any concerns about it because as watching them go through some of their ups and downs this year, how he's always bounced back,” Girardi said. “So I'm not really too concerned about it.”
Indians manager Terry Francona made two moves with their lineup. Austin Jackson will start in left field against New York left-hander CC Sabathia, and Yan Gomes will catch Kluber. Roberto Perez started behind the plate in Game 1.
Also, Francona said there's a good chance Michael Brantley will start in left field in Game 3 at Yankee Stadium. Brantley missed 50 games over the final two months with an ankle injury.
However, Brantley, who is available off the bench in Game 2, has made huge progress in recent weeks and Francona is glad the All-Star is back. Brantley missed Cleveland's run to the World Series last year following two shoulder surgeries.
“He helps us win,” Francona said. “I'm excited for them because last year they missed out. This year, with a lot of hard work, he's now going to be a part of what we're doing. I know it will mean a lot to him, and because of that, it means a lot to us.”
General News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: ultimatefmonline.com
2017-10-07
The body was released to their family after the MP paid for the bill
Management of the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital (KATH) has released detained corpse of a 41-year old Muslim man Yahaya Mutaikelo who passed away at the hospital while receiving treatment for injuries sustained in a road accident.
The body of Yahaya Mutaikelo was detained two weeks at KATH morgue after their family couldn't afford to pay off the GH¢15,600 [fifteen thousand, six hundred Cedis] debt incurred from about two months of admission and treatment until they died on September 18, 2017.
The body of Yahaya Mutaikelo was released to their family after the Member of Parliament (MP) for Kwabre East Constituency Hon Francisca Oteng Mensah paid 5,000 Ghana Cedis while the family added 5,000 Ghana Cedis to make it 10,000 Ghana Cedis.
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Angel Broadcasting Network Samuel Kofi Acheampong speaking on behalf of the MP told Abusua FM's Osei Kwadwo that Hon Francisca Oteng Mensah responded to the desperate calls of the widow Madam Amama Mutaikelo to help release the detained body the family.
Hon Francisca Oteng has assured to support the family of Yahaya Mutaikelo in terms of difficulties.
The widow, Madam Amama Mutaikelo thanked Hon Francisca Oteng for the kind gesture.
“I don't have anything to say. What I can say is God will surely bless Hon Francisca Oteng for giving me and my family that amount of money to release my husband's body from KATH morgue” They said.
Fortitude is a town in the Arctic that is unlike any other place on Earth. Surrounded by the picturesque polar landscape and filled with residents who form a tight-knit community, the town has never been the site of a violent crime. That changes, though, when a research scientist is killed, which leads to an investigation that prompts police officers begin to suspect and mistrust one another. Members of the community also struggle to understand the terror that has been unleashed among them. While all this is going on, above-average temperatures result in record ice melt, which reveals secrets that have long been hidden underneath Fortitude's frozen landscape.
You can watch now on Amazon Prime Video
After soaring to $4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend, the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise, topping a record $4,300 on Monday — nearly a thousand dollars above its rate one week ago, according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange.
Bitcoin settled back under the $4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning, according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency.
"The bitcoin market cap soared past $70 billion," says CryptoCoins News, adding that a "flippening" that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass, as "bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal."
A bitcoin could be bought for around $570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today's exchange rate.
Reporting on the rise, the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $138 billion on Monday.
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors, from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — Bitcoin Classic and Bitcoin Cash. That change, which became official on Aug. 1, was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently.
Formally introduced in 2009, bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors. And blockchain, the technology that underlies bitcoin, has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers tracks investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs.
Other factors, such as bitcoin's role as a hedge against political uncertainty, also play a role. A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a "surge of interest" in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats. The network also says there's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan, with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases.
It's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders. After the virtual currency hit a record $2,420 in May, The Economist ran a story asking, "What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?" and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips.
Noting that "Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010, when the price stood at $0.05, would now have a stash worth $46 million," The Economist added, "Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable." — before concluding, "If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it."
Local restaurants throughout Wichita Falls are continuing to try to attract people to their businesses, even with restaurant week over.
There are a handful of things they're doing to keep their clientele up that range from social media to educating people on their food and drinks.
8th Street Coffee House was packed every day of restaurant week.
"We probably had Saturday-like numbers every day last week," Owner, Jen Amador said.
So was Odd Duck Coffee, who saw around 200 extra people each day.
"The biggest difference between eating local and eating somewhere else is you're going to get a different experience when you come here," Manager, Christy Cooper said.
Restaurant week, a week filled with specials encouraging people to eat local has ended.
But Amador and Cooper are hoping they left their new customers wanting more.
"I think restaurant week brings a lot of people that maybe haven't been in before, or it brings them back," Amador said. "I think you hope to just impress them and hope they'll come back to give it a try again."
"We greet you," Cooper said. "We're happy to see you, we're grateful you're choosing us, and we're going to make sure the first experience is just as good as the second, the third, and the last."
Amador and Cooper both said there are also things they can still do to encourage people to come back, starting with social media.
"You got to make sure they're seeing something down here that they can't get across town," Cooper said.
"It's an easy way to throw out a picture of something that looks really yummy," Amador said. "Because someone will come back for it."
Owner of Gypsy Kit, Tagan Couch, created the website eatlocal.wf.com. It's a way to keep people in the loop on what the local restaurants are up to and why people should eat local.
Couch said they plan on keeping the website updated. In the meantime, both businesses will do what they can to gain exposure.
"If you like the food if you like the drinks a local restaurant has, support them as much as you can rather than going to a chain," Amador said. "Because we depend on that for our income and we depend on that for the community."
Couch said another Eat Local Wichita Falls event is currently in the works for sometime in the near future.
8th Street Coffee House was part of restaurant week last year as well. Amador said the exposure led to lots of new clientele and said other restaurant owners she's talked to said the same.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma. All Rights Reserved.
2019: Delta Speaker calls on Sapele PDP to win more members
Speaker, Delta State House of Assembly, Sheriff Oborevwori, has called on leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Sapele Local Government Area to go back to their wards and units and win more members for the party, just as they appealed to them to live in unity and sustain the thriving peace in the […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Matt Adcock reviews Justice League (12A), starring Ben Affleck and Gal Gadot
Buckle up for another super smack-down as the heavyweight characters of the DC Comics Extended Universe – Batman (Ben Affleck), Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot), The Flash (Ezra Miller), Aquaman (Jason Momoa) and Cyborg (Ray Fisher) assemble to form the ‘Justice League'.
With earth deemed to be unprotected after Superman (Henry Cavill) “died” in Batman vs Superman, world killer CGI alien Steppenwolf (Ciarán Hinds) and their army of flying insect men decide to come and forcibly take over. Obviously all that's required to turn our planet into a murky computer generated hell are three ‘mother boxes' which are hidden and protected by the Amazonians, Atlantians and erm, Humans.
Cue two hours of fast forward team building and bonding, pondering about and then trying to resurrect Superman themselves in order to give us a fighting chance and some actually decent and fun banter between the various heroes.
Director Zack Snyder crams in a lot after their BvS was accused of being overly leisurely paced – but this time just as we're getting into an exciting action situation or an interesting conversation, things cut and rush on to something else (often some plot exposition to help viewers keep up).
Justice League is very much the DC version of Avengers – and if that sounds like your super powered cup of tea then you'll have a blast watching this band of iconic heroes doing their thing. Wonder Woman keeps up their scene stealing form after their great solo film earlier this year but all the team have some good moments.
If you've had enough comic book superhero action then this won't likely change your mind. But for long term fans (full disclosure I LOVE both Superman and Batman, ok and Wonder Woman) then there is plenty to make you grin with glee.
As a film it is a bit of a mess – and weak points include a seriously forgettable villain who looks like he's escaped from an Xbox rather than outer space and the jump cuts that hamper coherent plot development.
Somewhere in this jumble is an epic adventure that rivals anything Marvel have put on screen – as it stands though, Justice League is a great fun movie but not one that will have the Avengers losing sleep as they plan their Infinity War next year.
Be sure to check the after credit scenes too for both clues of what might come next and a super stand off that made some of the audience I saw this with cheer!
ROCKWALL, Texas (WCMH) — A girls' soccer coach at a Texas high school has been placed on leave after a team photo surfaced that some in the community find offensive.
The photo shows the girls' varsity soccer team at Rockwall Heath High School giving the camera the middle finger as their coach stands behind them.
“Even if the kids are 18, that should not be happening in school at all,” parent Todd Christian told KTVT. “I believe the man should be fired on the spot.”
Coach Marco Duran was not fired, but they were placed on paid leave per the school district's policy.
According to the school's website, Duran has been a coach and teacher for 16 years and has been at Rockwall Heath High School for 10 of those years.
“I would have to say, looking at the photo and looking at the man smiling, they absolutely had to not be using judgement,” Christian said.
Many parents agreed with Christian and were upset about the photo, but some have come to Duran's defense. They claim Duran was photobombing — something they are known to frequently do — when the picture was snapped and had no idea the girls were flipping the bird.
Other parents aren't upset over the photo but they still question Duran's judgement.
“Because, of course, social media, everybody sees everything,” said Ashanti Wright. “All it takes is one post and it's gone everywhere. Obviously they didn't care enough about their job or their students to not let them post something like that.”
The school district said it has taken actions against the students in the photo, but declined to provide more details.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
19:37 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Liberman warns: 'If Russian S-300s are used against us, we'll act against them' Read more Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman warns Israel will attack air defense system Syria seeks from Russia if system is used against Israel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
RALEIGH, N.C. — Authorities in North Carolina have accused a woman of filing nearly 300 insurance claims for cancer even though they didn't have the disease.
The North Carolina Department of Insurance said in a statement Tuesday that 60-year-old Susan Leigh Huebotter is charged with insurance fraud and obtaining property by false pretenses over $100,000.
The statement says Huebotter presented 287 cancer and hospitalization policy claims that were fraudulent. According to the arrest warrants, Huebotter made the claims between 2009 and 2017 without being diagnosed, treated or undergoing surgery for cancer.
Warrants say the false claims totalled $231,306.
Huebotter was arrested March 22 in North Carolina's Lenoir County and jailed on a $250,000 secured bond.
Online records didn't indicate whether they have an attorney.
The five police officers accused of swapping gold with fake gold bars at East Legon say the claims against them are total fabrications that have no basis.
The officers say they have realised the Ghana Police Service is not interested in the truth since an internal investigation into the issue has stalled for the past three months.
Counsel for the accused officers, Kissi Adjabeng said their clients have been left with no option than to file a suit against the Service over the vile assassination of their character since the start of the case.
At least five East Legon police officers including the Commander were interdicted after officials of Global Resources Limited accused them of replacing their original gold with fake ones.
The police officers are alleged to have seized the gold from the American firm at a hotel during a transaction process with their business partner.
The gold, priced at GHS1.3 million, was allegedly tested and confirmed to be original but surprisingly when it was later tested after it had been in the custody of the East Legon police, it was found to be fake.
Deputy Police PRO, DSP Shiela Buckman told Joy News Tuesday their investigation revealed the gold handed to the officers were original gold.
They said the “five officers of the Legon Police face possible trial” since a “duplicate case docket has been sent to the Attorney-General to find out whether the AG will prosecute the matter or the police should go ahead.”
The Police officers have dismissed the report by the Service saying there was no verification that the gold they seized was original.
Mr Adjabeng told Evans Mensah on Joy FM's Top Story Wednesday the interdiction letter handed their clients did not state the reason for which they were being set aside.
“If you are interdicting someone you indicate the reason,” they said, adding since February 2017, their clients have been defamed by the police hierarchy.
They accused former Police PRO ASP Cephas Arthur of “gleefully” defaming their clients on the radio when they have not communicated with them to know the truth about the story.
Mr Adjabeng questioned the method by which the Police Service arrived at the conclusion that the seized gold was original. “It is simply voodoo fact,” they said.
They said they held the silence of their clients for a reason because they believed the internal inquiry by the Service would reveal the truth but nothing has been established except lies.
The lawyer said their clients documented everything which could be accessed by the Service to aid the investigation.
“If anyone is serious about unravelling the truth, all they need is to get the information.”
Mr Adjabeng said they have been directed by their clients to sue the Police Service over the issue.
Asked why they were suing the police, they said they want their clients' reputations redeemed since they have been “assassinated.”
They said they will also push for their clients to be reinstated in the Service since nothing substantial has been established against them.
But the Inspector General of Police (IGP), David Asante Apeatu has dared the officers to head to court.
In an interview with Joy News, the police boss said they cannot talk the officers out of their decision to sue the Service since it is their “democratic rights.”
HOMELESS: Zoe Wisse and their twins Carma and Willow are at risk of being homeless this Christmas.
HOMELESS: Zoe Wisse and their twins Carma and Willow are at risk of being homeless this Christmas. Renee Albrecht
WHAT should be the most joyous time for a family of four-month-old twin girls could become a nightmare.
Zoe Wisse and their partner Vaughan Peake are on the verge of being homeless for Christmas if no one gives them a chance.
The couple is currently seeking a rental anywhere from Gympie to Caloundra, but are having trouble because of what they describe as an earlier "misconception".
"I found out I was pregnant last Christmas and at six weeks I found out I was having twins and then not long after that I became horrifically ill," Ms Wisse said.
"We needed to break the lease at the house we were renting at Peregrian Beach because I couldn't get up the stairs. We had to close the windows all the time because the neighbours were smoking and I ended up having to live with my parents."
Ms Wisse said they had medical grounds to break the lease and were given letters to support that by a GP and social worker.
However the real estate agent and property owners refused to budge and demanded the lease term be paid out in full.
"We wanted to dispute it but then in the last few months of my pregnancy my health became a huge concern," Ms Wisse said.
"I gave birth to my girls at 34 weeks because one of the twins wasn't developing properly.
"We had to put it all aside to focus on the twins and the fact the may lose our babies."
During that time, the couple were put on the TICA - the tenancy database which is sometimes referred to as a blacklist.
Once the twins were able to be taken home, Ms Wisse said they paid their outstanding debt and sorted out the mess.
"We are no longer on the list but the record of us being on it is still there," they said.
"There is a stigma around us from having been on it and some real estate agents won't look at us twice.
"We just want someone to give us a go. We have always paid our rent on time and are really good tenants.
"I'm so OCD with cleaning it's not funny."
It was a whirlwind Tuesday for comedian Roseanne Barr who, after hurling a racist and Islamophobic tweet at former Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett, became the centre of a Twitter firestorm that led to the swift cancellation of revived sitcom Roseanne on ABC.
Later that day, Barr issued an apology of sorts on their Twitter to the hundreds of people on the Roseanne crew who have now lost their jobs, saying they were “ambien tweeting” and “went 2 far.” For their part, Jarrett said during an MSNBC town hall later that day that they hope this entire episode will be “a teaching moment.”
Barr, however, also went after the Roseanne co-stars who had voiced their “disappointment,” including Michael Fishman, who plays their son D.J. Connor. Fishman had tweeted, “Today is one of the hardest in my life. I feel devastated, not for the end of the Roseanne show, but for all those who poured their hearts and souls into our jobs, and the audience that welcomed us into their homes.” They added, “I condemn these statements vehemently” and that their thoughts do not reflect their own “inclusive” views.
Barr lashed back early Wednesday, replying, “i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. ME. You throw me under the bus. nice!”
And to co-star and executive-producer Sara Gilbert's statement of “disappointment” lambasting Barr's “abhorrent beliefs,” the comedian replied, “Wow! unreal.”
But, after their history of making controversial and bigoted statements, ABC and their co-stars are not the only ones abandoning ship once and for all.
Media company Viacom announced Tuesday evening that it would be pulling reruns of the original sitcom immediately from all of its outlets, including CMT, TV Land and the Paramount Network, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Streaming network Hulu also announced that it will be pulling Roseanne from its service in support of ABC, which also scrapped its “For Your Consideration” Emmy campaign for the series, which had been its No. 1 show this season.
Barr was also dropped by their talent agency, ICM Partners, shortly after ABC's announcement.
i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know https://t.co/hViHPX2ZUb. You throw me under the bus. nice! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Getty Image
In a statement responding to the New York Times report on Thursday exposing decades of sexual harassment allegations against him, Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein said they were prepared to take a leave of absence. On Friday, the board of the Weinstein Company — the very entity Harvey co-founded with their brother Bob in 2005 — issued a statement supporting the decision. In fact, the four members of the Weinstein Company board who signed off on the press release indicated they thought the mega-producer should take an “indefinite leave of absence from the company, commencing today.”
“We strongly endorse Harvey Weinstein's already-announced decision to take an indefinite leave of absence from the company, commencing today,” read the statement signed by Tarak Ben Ammar, Lance Maerov, Richard Koenigsberg and Weinstein's brother. “As Harvey has said, it is important for them to get professional help for the problems they have acknowledged. Next steps will depend on Harvey's therapeutic progress, the outcome of the Board's independent investigation, and Harvey's own personal decisions.”
According to the Times, the Weinstein board spent around least three hours Thursday night “locked on the phone in heated discussion about the best way to respond” to the initial report. As a result of the tense discussion, the majority resolved to publicly support Weinstein's claim regarding taking a leave of absence. On Friday, President David Glasser said in an email to employees that the company was “taking the allegations seriously.” They also revealed they were in the process of hiring an “independent, third-party firm to investigate the matter privately, so they can determine “best decision for how to address the situation.”
(Via New York Times)
In Missouri's big cities and in its rural area, the arts have a big impact – not only for their inherent value – but economically as well.
“It's a billion dollar story [in Missouri],” said Michael Donovan, Executive Director of the Missouri Arts Council, an organization that has funded the arts in communities across the state for more than 50 years.
Donovan along with Robert Lynch, President and CEO of Americans for the Arts, and Sherry Sissac, Deputy Director of the Regional Arts Commission, joined St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh on Friday.
In the St. Louis region, the arts and culture sector is a $600 million industry annually and supports more than 19,000 full-time equivalent jobs. That's according to a new national study conducted by Americans for the Arts
“The numbers continue to grow,” said Sissac, also noting that arts audiences in the region amount to at least 11 million annually while sports collectively draws about 4 million people per year.
The local and state trends match what is happening nationally.
“From the national perspective we are seeing explosive growth for the nonprofit arts sector in America and related economic impact in job creation,” said Lynch.
They added that the impact of the arts is an impact that's kept local and not outsourced overseas, a factor that gives the arts community more political clout than some people might expect.
Listen to the audio to hear more about the economic impact of the arts.
A discussion about the impact of the arts in St. Louis, in Missouri and nationwide.
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live, work and create in our region. St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards, Alex Heuer and Kelly Moffitt give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region.
CALMAR, Alta. — A father in Alberta has been charged after police allege they left a baby in a cold vehicle while they went to a nearby bar.
RCMP say they received a complaint about a possible impaired driver in Calmar, southwest of Edmonton, on Friday.
Police allege the driver left their vehicle on the side of the road near a bar in the community, abandoning their two-month-old who was not dressed for the weather.
After being in the bar for a period of time, police allege the driver disclosed they had a child with him.
A concerned citizen went out to the car and found the baby alone, cold and in distress.
Police and Child and Family Services were able to reunite the baby with its mother at Leduc Hospital, and police note the child did not suffer any adverse effects.
Police say the child's father, 33, from Drayton Valley, had left the bar and drove away before police arrived.
They were later located and faces a number of charges including abandoning a child, causing a child to be in need of intervention, impaired driving and breach of a recognizance.
They were released on their own recognizance and is scheduled to appear in Leduc Provincial Court on March 22.
Even as a fat girl, I am still getting it – Ruth Kadiri – Information Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Trespassers in search of a place to cool off might be getting the message to stay out of private quarries following a handful of drowning deaths and serious injuries in recent years.
So far this summer, both Bangor police and Pennsylvania State Police in Belfast have reported no deaths as a result of trespassing into the Flory Mill quarry in Bangor and Martins Creek quarry in Lower Mount Bethel Township. The quarries also are commonly referred to the Seven Slopes and Eastern Industries, respectively.
And trespassers being cited decreased significantly this past summer and last summer compared with 2015. Bangor Police Chief Scott Felchock said to date, five people have been cited for quarry trespassing in the borough.
In 2015, more than 80 people were cited at the Martins Creek quarry alone compared with nine in 2016 and none to date this summer, Pennsylvania State Police in Belfast said.
"(State police in Belfast) has not received any calls regarding trespassers nor have we proactively encountered them this year to date," said Sgt. J. Patrick O'Malley, the station's commander.
Sgt. Joseph Sparich, also previously with the Belfast barracks, attributes the decrease in quarry trespassing to increased security measures used by law enforcement.
The property now is well marked with signage to deter trespassing. Additionally, a high chain-link fence surrounds the 523-acre Lower Mount Bethel Township property and several access points have been blocked off with large walls of cut-down trees and dirt mounds, O'Malley said.
Once school gets out until Labor Day, Sparich said troopers know to be on the lookout for criminal activity at the quarry. The hottest days, they said, often would draw the largest crowds in past years.
"We have zero tolerance for trespassing," Sparich said. "If you're there, you're going to get cited."
Felchock said while they hope more trespassers are getting the message about the dangers lurking under the water, the decrease in citations could be just lack of tipsters alerting police to the trespassers. Law enforcement continues to urge the public to report criminal activity at these sites.
20-year-old N.J. man dies in Bangor quarry
Forbidden waters
It's been called by teens the perfect private escape to beat the heat on a scorching hot summer day.
Nestled in the woods of the Slate Belt are the old slate and limestone quarries that once employed workers now transformed into pristine "blue holes" complete with sparkling crystal water and rock cliff enclosures.
The oasis attracts mostly adolescent boys with some wanting to mark the swim as a "rite of passage," police say.
There has been multiple YouTube videos posted showing teenage boys jumping from the cliffs of the Flory Mill quarry in Bangor. Visitors have traveled across Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York and beyond to enter the quarries, police said.
But those steep leaps -- some with drop-offs estimated at 40 to 60 feet -- have led to serious injuries when trespassers have missed hitting the water below. Others have drowned getting tired and slipping down into the depths. The Bangor quarry is estimated to be more than 100 feet deep.
The length to swim across the Martins Creek quarry is 1,643 feet across at its farthest point, according to Sparich.
Among the deaths in recent years were Andrew Grennan, 20, of Howell, N.J., who drowned in July 2016 while swimming with friends in the Flory Mill quarry; and Jonathan M. Baksh, 19, of Edison, N.J., and Jeremias Guzman, 22, of Ridgefield, N.J., who drowned in August 2015 and June 2015, respectively, in the Martins Creek quarry.
Grennan was with about seven friends when they leaped off a small ledge and attempted to swim to the other side of the ledge, but never resurfaced. Guzman was reportedly with a crowd of 80 people when they jumped in, struggled to resurface and went under again, authorities had said.
Baksh also reportedly went underwater and never resurfaced. The day they died, police cited upward of 20 people for trespassing, according to Sparich.
Additional people were cited trekking to the quarry as rescue crews worked to find Baksh's body, Sparich said. One male, they said, even jumped into the Delaware River and tried to swim to New Jersey before being arrested.
New Jersey teen dies at Martins Creek Quarry, police say
'Good swimmer'
Sally Yabra, Baksh's mother, believes their son had no idea the dangers of quarries and thought they were traveling to a lake. Some quarries are known for freezing cold temperatures, unpredictable currents and having industrial wreckage and abandoned vehicle equipment at the bottom.
"Jonathan was not a reckless child," Yabra said. "He was a very straight forward young man; they were never one to go to things like that (quarry)."
Yabra believes their son simply wanted to go swimming to celebrate the birthday of a friend, who was back in town from Boston. The pair traveled to the Slate Belt with another male friend, they said.
Baksh was a "good swimmer" and wore a flotation device with the other boys, Yabra said. They think they possibly got a cramp or was pulled in with an undercurrent, they said.
"We were told that Jon got into difficulties five minutes after they started swimming and screamed for help and then they went under," Yabra said.
Yabra has made it their mission to educate the public on quarry safety, knowing if they knew then what they know now, they may have prevented their son's death.
They hung warning signs with photos of their son's smiling face throughout the Bangor quarry on the one-year anniversary of Baksh's death with permission from the quarry's owner.
They have been in contact with representatives of the U.S. Department of Labor's Mine Safety & Health Administration and also hopes to visit the schools in New Jersey and Pennsylvania next school year to raise awareness.
"We need warning signs," Yabra said.
Additional efforts
State and local officials in past years have taken measures to further educate the public about the dangers of swimming in quarries.
The U.S. Department of Labor's Mine Safety & Health Administration in the late 1990s began hearing about a lot of cases of trespassers in abandoned mines and decided to become involved, said agency spokesperson Amy Louviere.
They stressed it wasn't part of the federal agency's mission. The agency's role consists of maintaining the safety of functioning mines, but that ends when these facilities close.
"People like to go exploring, but they don't realize the hidden dangers there," Louviere said.
MSHA in 1999 launched a national campaign called "Stay Out - Stay Alive" to teach the public more about the dangers of swimming at quarries. The effort included fact sheets, videos and stickers for children, Louviere said.
Pamela Sroka-Holzmann may be reached at pholzmann@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @pamholzmann. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
U.S. employers posted slightly fewer job openings in October than the previous month, but the number of people being hired improved.
The Labor Department said Monday that nearly 6 million jobs were available at the end of October, down from 6.18 million in September. Manufacturers, retailers, wholesalers and the information sector advertised fewer jobs — an indicator of their possible intentions in the coming months.
But total hires rose 4.4 percent to 5.55 million. This indicates that even if employers are seeking fewer workers that they're still looking to add staff. Leading sources of increased hiring came from restaurants and hotels, the health care sector, manufacturers and financial services.
The government said last week that employers added a net total of 244,000 jobs in October and 228,000 in November. The unemployment rate stayed at 4.1 percent.
Despite the healthy job market, many people are staying in their jobs rather than departing for new ones. Departures are usually a sign that people are confident they can find new jobs that pay higher wages. The number of quits held steady for a second straight month at 3.18 million. Meanwhile, average hourly earnings have risen just 2.5 percent over the past 12 months, a relatively lackluster figure given the low unemployment rate.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia & STAMFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--A sold-out crowd will witness history as the Saudi General Sports Authority in partnership with WWE presents the first-ever Greatest Royal Rumble at the King Abdullah Sports City Stadium in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia this Friday, April 27 at 7:00 p.m. AST.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006630/en/
(Photo: Business Wire)
The Greatest Royal Rumble event will stream live on WWE Network and be available on pay-per-view outside of the Middle East. The event will air live in the Middle East on MBC Action, KSA Sports 1, Abu Dhabi Sports 1 and Abu Dhabi Sports 6, as well as stream live on Dawri Plus.
General Sports Authority of Saudi Arabia Chairman Their Excellency Turki Al Sheikh, WWE Chairman & CEO Vince McMahon, and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, invite the world to celebrate this signature event. It is the first event as part of a long-term partnership between WWE and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The Greatest Royal Rumble card includes the first-ever 50-man Greatest Royal Rumble match, John Cena™ vs. Triple H™, The Undertaker™ vs. Rusev™ in a Casket match, Brock Lesnar™ vs. Roman Reigns™ in a Steel Cage Universal Championship match, WWE Championship match: AJ Styles™ vs. Shinsuke Nakamura™, Intercontinental Championship Ladder match: Seth Rollins™ vs. The Miz™ vs. Samoa Joe™ vs. Finn Bálor™, United States Championship match: Jeff Hardy™ vs. Jinder Mahal™ with Sunil Singh, Raw Tag Team Championship match: Matt Hardy™ and Bray Wyatt™ vs. Sheamus™ and Cesaro™, SmackDown Tag Team Championship match: The Bludgeon Brothers™ vs. The Usos™ and the Cruiserweight Championship.
About WWE
WWE, a publicly traded company (NYSE: WWE), is an integrated media organization and recognized leader in global entertainment. The company consists of a portfolio of businesses that create and deliver original content 52 weeks a year to a global audience. WWE is committed to family friendly entertainment on its television programming, pay-per-view, digital media and publishing platforms. WWE's TV-PG, family-friendly programming can be seen in more than 800 million homes worldwide in 20 languages. WWE Network, the first-ever 24/7 over-the-top premium network that includes all live pay-per-views, scheduled programming and a massive video-on-demand library, is currently available in more than 180 countries. The company is headquartered in Stamford, Conn., with offices in New York, Los Angeles, London, Mexico City, Mumbai, Shanghai, Singapore, Dubai, Munich and Tokyo.
Additional information on WWE (NYSE: WWE) can be found at wwe.com and corporate.wwe.com. For information on our global activities, go to http://www.wwe.com/worldwide/.
Trademarks: All WWE programming, talent names, images, likenesses, slogans, wrestling moves, trademarks, logos and copyrights are the exclusive property of WWE and its subsidiaries. All other trademarks, logos and copyrights are the property of their respective owners.
Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, risks relating to: WWE Network; major distribution agreements; our need to continue to develop creative and entertaining programs and events; a decline in the popularity of our brand of sports entertainment; the continued importance of key performers and the services of Vincent K. McMahon; possible adverse changes in the regulatory atmosphere and related private sector initiatives; the highly competitive, rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented nature of the markets in which we operate and greater financial resources or marketplace presence of many of our competitors; uncertainties associated with international markets; our difficulty or inability to promote and conduct our live events and/or other businesses if we do not comply with applicable regulations; our dependence on our intellectual property rights, our need to protect those rights, and the risks of our infringement of others' intellectual property rights; the complexity of our rights agreements across distribution mechanisms and geographical areas; potential substantial liability in the event of accidents or injuries occurring during our physically demanding events including, without limitation, claims relating to CTE; large public events as well as travel to and from such events; our feature film business; our expansion into new or complementary businesses and/or strategic investments; our computer systems and online operations; a possible decline in general economic conditions and disruption in financial markets; our accounts receivable; our revolving credit facility; litigation; our potential failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance, which could adversely affect our stock; Vincent K. McMahon exercising control over our affairs, and their interests may conflict with the holders of our Class A common stock; a substantial number of shares which are eligible for sale by the McMahons and the sale, or the perception of possible sales, of those shares could lower our stock price; and the relatively small public “float” of our Class A common stock. In addition, our dividend is dependent on a number of factors, including, among other things, our liquidity and cash flow, strategic plan (including alternative uses of capital), our financial results and condition, contractual and legal restrictions on the payment of dividends (including under our revolving credit facility), general economic and competitive conditions and such other factors as our Board of Directors may consider relevant. Forward-looking statements made by the Company speak only as of the date made, are subject to change without any obligation on the part of the Company to update or revise them, and undue reliance should not be placed on these statements.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006630/en/
CONTACT: WWE
Media:
Matthew Altman, 203-352-1177
Matthew.Altman@wwecorp.com
or
Investor:
Michael Weitz, 203-352-8642
Michael.Weitz@wwecorp.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CONNECTICUT SAUDI ARABIA MIDDLE EAST
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT WRESTLING TV AND RADIO CELEBRITY EVENTS/CONCERTS SPORTS
SOURCE: WWE
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 09:43 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 09:43 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006630/en
Steer deserved better
Regarding the article Steer's escape to the city ends badly (May 28).
I know this animal was only meat on the hoof to most people — and I'm no vegetarian — but couldn't bystanders have been told to move along and a tranquillizer used, instead of terrorizing a young animal (unused to such surroundings) and then killing it?
Are we still a bear-baiting, bullfight-loving society or are we supposed to be learning to treat animals with a little respect.
Margaret Gagie
London
Survey results telling
The answers to the survey question Wednesday in The London Free Press, asking Londoners if they feel safe walking downtown at night, reveals an interesting response. More than three-­quarters of respondents said no.
City council might rethink its priorities. Before installing flex streets and disrupting traffic with designated lanes, increased use of the core needs social action. Social issues are not cured by applying cement.
While council criticized police meetings for being uninviting, they may wish to move their own evening meetings out of the core. There is still a long way to go before we can appreciate Petula Clark's Downtown.
Christine Morgan
London
Green a good choice
Like letter writer Ron Coristine detailed in their letter to the editor Only one party has the platform, (May 28), I too sent an e-mail with questions to five of the six provincial candidates in my riding.
Paul McKeever (Freedom Party), Kate Graham (Liberal) and Terence Kernaghan (NDP) did not respond.
I had the same experience with Susan Truppe's camp (Progressive Conservative as did Coristine. I received a terse “thank you for your comment” response, but there was no followup.
The only candidate who took the time to respond with a thoughtful, engaging e-mail was Green Party candidate Carol Dyck. I found them to be intelligent, well-written, knowledgeable and surprisingly we agreed on almost all of the questions I asked about. We have another choice, everyone.
Ralph Lembcke
London
#BBNaija: Miracle thanks Nigerians for voting them
The winner of Big Brother Naija Season 3, Miracle has written a short post of gratitude to Nigerians.
They shared a photo of themselves as they prepared to step out on media rounds and used the opportunity to thank fans for their love and votes.
They wrote:
Wow! It's so good to be out here finally, I could never have imagined the love I've been receiving after getting out.
I'm eternally grateful, this Miracle here today is as a result of your love.
God bless you all.
Off to interview this Morning.
Sending out all the love to my Loved Ones ?
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Miracle thanks Nigerians for voting them appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Family and friends remember Andy Gilbert and their involvement in the Wisconsin Rapids community.
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
AUSTIN, Texas — The son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend are charged with hiring someone to kill their father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in, authorities said Wednesday.
Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy and Jaclyn Alexa Edison, who are 19 years old and live together in College Station, were arrested Tuesday on a count of criminal solicitation to commit capital murder, Travis County sheriff's officials said. They remained in jail Wednesday, with Shaughnessy's bond set at a $3 million and Edison's at $1 million. Neither had an attorney listed in online jail records.
According to investigators, Shaughnessy's mother, Corey Shaughnessy, called 911 in the early morning hours of March 2 to report an intruder in the home of them and their husband, Theodore Shaughnessy. Deputies sent to the home found Theodore Shaughnessy dead of multiple gunshot wounds. A family dog was also killed. Authorities say the plot called for Corey Shaughnessy to be killed as well, but they were physically unharmed.
The shooter hasn't been caught, but sheriff's spokesperson Kristen Dark said in a statement that detectives “are following new leads in the case.” They declined to elaborate when later reached by phone.
Theodore Shaughnessy was the owner of Gallerie Jewelers in Austin. The company had posted on its Facebook page in late April that, “We are happy to announce that Nicolas, Ted's son, will be carrying on their legacy here at Gallerie.”
An obituary for the elder Shaughnessy published in the Austin American-Statesman said they were “a proud father to their son, Nicolas.”
In the months before the shooting, Nicolas Shaughnessy approached multiple people asking if they were willing to be paid to kill someone, investigators allege in an arrest affidavit. They estimated that he'd receive some $8 million from the life insurance policies for their parents, from the sale of their home and sale of the jewelry store.
Authorities say they found ammunition in the defendants' home that matched casings found at the crime scene.
GRAND FORKS, N.D. — Jamar Akoh scored 23 points on 10-of-12 shooting and grabbed 11 rebounds on Saturday to lead Montana to its 11th-straight victory, and school-record seventh-straight on the road, 72-67 over North Dakota.
Fabijan Krslovic and Michael Oguine scored 12 points apiece for the Grizzlies (18-5, 11-0 Big Sky Conference), who made Travis DeCuire the fastest coach in league history to reach 50 wins — 65 games. Montana clinched when Ahmaad Rorie, who had nine points and seven assists, made two free throws with seven seconds left and Dale Jones missed a 3-point attempt for North Dakota.
Cortez Seales had 19 points for the Fighting Hawks (8-15, 3-8) and Conner Avants had 15 with 11 rebounds.
The Grizzlies got a 3-pointer from Rorie at the 5:05 mark to take the lead for good 59-57, and a 3 by Oguine to cap the 11-3 run for a 67-60 lead with 48 seconds left.
Lawmakers move to impeach Buhari for spending $496m on jets without approval
Some members of the house of representatives has called for President Muhammadu Buhari's impeachment for approving the withdrawal of sum of $496 million without their nod, TheCable reports.
This follows a letter which Buhari wrote to the house on Tuesday, defending their approval of the money used for the procurement of 12 Super Tucano aircraft from the US.
The money was said to have been withdrawn from the excess crude account (ECA).
In a letter written to the national assembly, Buhari said they had anticipated the lawmakers will approve the withdrawal.
Reading the contents of the letter during plenary on Monday, Yakubu Dogara, speaker of the house, quoted Buhari as saying: “In the expectation that the national assembly would have no objection to the purchase of this highly specialized aircraft, which is critical to national security, I granted anticipatory approval for the release of US$496,374,470.00.”
They said the letter was sent to the leadership of the national assembly on April 13 and was received by their (speaker's) office on April 17.
The development angered the lawmakers who accused the president of “overriding” their powers.
Their deliberation on the matter followed a constitutional point of order raised by Kingsley Chinda, from Rivers state.
Citing sections 80 and 81 of 1999 constitution, Chinda said the Nigerian law does not recognise anticipatory approval.
They condemned the approval, wondering what would happen if the lawmakers fail to approve the money.
“There is nowhere in our law that talked about anticipatory approval. We cannot sit down and allow this to take place. It is an impeachable offence. There is no infraction that is worse than this. Let us not continue to sleep. I propose that we commence the impeachment of Mr President,” they said.
Some other lawmakers who also contributed to the motion supported the impeachment move, accusing the president of seeking their approval through the backdoor.
Sunday Karimi from Kogi said the lawmakers should write the president and inform them they have breached the constitution and “he should be prepared to face the consequences.”
“This is the time to tell the president that we were elected to serve the people,” they added.
However, Emmanuel Orker-Jev, chairperson of the house committee on rules and businesses, said going by the house rules, Buhari's letter ought to be slated for second reading before the house could debate it.
Thereafter, Dogara said the matter would be slated for second reading on a date during which “we can decide on what to do”.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
GENEVA (AP) — Russian officials say that some 25,000 Christians have returned to eastern Aleppo since the city was fully retaken by Syrian government forces backed by Russia.
In a conference organized in Geneva Wednesday on the sidelines of the U.N. Human Rights Council meeting, Russian officials sought to generate a generated another narrative about the country's war that has left at least 400,000 people dead and driven over 12 million people from their homes.
The two hour presentation entitled "Aleppo: A city free from terror. New life, new hopes," included a video uplink to speak with several Syrians on the ground in eastern Aleppo as well as images of Russian medics helping the injured.
The Russian event was also an appeal for greater support from Western nations for Aleppo's reconstruction.
Brighton Gain Promotion to English Premier League
Brighton and Hove Albion will play in the English Premier League next season after Monday's results in the second division Championship assured them of one of the two automatic promotion places. The Seagulls have not played in the top flight since 1983 but will be locking horns with the elite teams once again next season.…
The post Brighton Gain Promotion to English Premier League appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Leeds United slipped out of the Championship play-off places through a 1-0 loss at home to Wolves.
But how did social media react?
APOLLO, Pa. — A family has been reunited with its dog 10 years after the dog went missing.
Debra Suierveld and their family assumed their dog Abby had died after they ran away in 2008 from their home in Apollo, but decade-old sadness turned to joy on Saturday when Suierveld received word someone had found the dog.
The black Labrador mix showed up on George Speiring's front porch in Lower Burrell, 10 miles (16 kilometres) west of Apollo. Speiring contacted Animal Protectors of Allegheny Valley, which discovered the dog's microchip and was able to contact Suierveld.
Someone had taken good care of Abby over the years. Abby is in great health and remembers things the family taught her, Suierveld said.
“She would lie on the floor and cross their paws, and they remember my daughter's commands, and they remember the commands I taught her,” Suierveld told KDKA-TV.
Suierveld called their 22-year-old daughter, who is a student at Miami University, in Oxford, Ohio, to share the news.
“She cried,” Suierveld told the Tribune-Review.
Suierveld's family has planned a reunion dinner on Sunday to welcome Abby back.
“It feels like a part of my kids' childhood is back, part of our family is back,” Suierveld said. “It's pretty awesome.”
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – A group collecting supplies for the people in Puerto Rico are asking for help from you. Course of Action Puerto Rico has received a tremendous amount of donations for the victims of Hurricane Maria.
They are storing them at the warehouse located at 4916 South Lois Avenue in Tampa and they need volunteers.
“We need people to sort our donations, to pack the donations, to pallet the donations, and wrap them so we can easily ship them to Puerto Rico,” said Antonio Solar, who is helping with the effort.
The group has already sent supplies to the island by plane, but they want to get those supplies to the people quicker.
Janet Fonseca has been volunteering at the warehouse for two days. They tell us it is both gratifying and humbling to be there. They have family and friends in Puerto Rico.
“This is a way to show we really care,” they said.
Maria Quesada has a brother, who is a doctor in Puerto Rico. They tell us the people need the most basic necessities.
“They do not have food,” said Quesada, “They do not have energy. They do not have water.”
These volunteers are calling for more volunteers.
“We have to help our society,” said Fonseca.
They plan to continue with the effort until everyone in Puerto Rico is satisfied.
“It is a long process and we are going to stay here until the last person has food,” said Quesada.
If you would like to volunteer at the warehouse, you can visit the site at 4916 South Lois Avenue every day of the week except Wednesday and Sunday, from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
**all proceeds will go towards refunding speaker travel expenses!**
Artivism // Can Art Revolutionise?
Eve Ensler defines artivism as ‘where art is activated and activism is made much more layered, ambiguous, passionate, fiery, revolutionary.'
From the Stop The War Coalition to the Arab Springs to the anti-globalisation protests, Artivism has the power to grip the global community and revolutionise charitable and social justice movements.
The ISIS Magazine has gathered together a group of experts from across the arts world what exactly artivism is. Our panel discussion will aim to look at the context, issues and debate surrounding Artivism, including engagement, effectiveness, anonymity, counter-cultural appropriation, marketing, and the furthering of the art and protest movement.
// SPEAKERS //
***JAMES GRAHAM***
James Graham is a British playwright, television writer and one-time actor. Their work has been staged throughout the UK, at theatres including the Bush, Soho Theatre, Clwyd Theatr Cymru and the National Theatre.  They are the playwright of ‘Ink', the West-end theatre production which follows the makings of Britain's most influential newspaper – The Sun.
***CHRISTOPHER BEANLAND***
Christopher Beanland lives in London and writes about architecture, culture and the arts for newspapers including The Independent, Guardian, Telegraph and various magazines around the world.  They are a published author a journalist who specialises in Brutalist architecture.
***VIVIAN OPARAH***
Vivian Oparah is an actor known for their leading role in the new BBC3 Doctor Who is a spinoff, CLASS and the critically acclaimed theatre production ‘Octoroon'.  They are currently producing music and running the page ‘Wocdiary' that showcases the world of women of colour. She's currently involved in THE REBEL with Simon Callow and will next be seen at the Old Vic in FANNY & ALEXANDER.
Date: Tuesday of 4th Week // 6th February
Doors: 6:30pm for a 7pm start.
Venue: Moser Theatre, Wadham College
£2 fixr / £3 OTD
Artwork by Molly Foulkes
Get your tickets here: https://fixr.co/event/254432252
Let your friends know you're going!: https://www.facebook.com/events/1983808735173238/
A rally planned by white nationalist groups ultimately led to violent clashes and the death of an anti-racist protestor, Heather Heyer, this weekend. One federal effort to target domestic terrorism, the Countering Violent Extremism program, had been set up by the Obama administration. But recent changes under the Trump administration have raised questions about the program's future. On today's show, we'll take a look at what the program does and what might change. Afterwards, we'll look at a RAND study that shows Americans are doing work during their personal time, and then discuss the question of who owns seeds bought by farmers and gardeners.
WASHINGTON — New federal data show that black students continue to be expelled and suspended from school much more frequently than their white peers.
The report released by the Education Department on Tuesday is likely to add to an already tense national debate about what causes such racial disparities. Civil rights groups believe that racial bias is at play and insist that federal protections are necessary. Other experts say that imposing discipline restrictions on schools causes chaos in classrooms.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is considering scrapping Obama-era rules that were meant to counter those disparities.
Data shows that while black students represented 8 per cent of all enrolled students in 2015-2016, they accounted for 25 per cent of suspensions. Black girls made up 8 per cent of all students and 14 per cent of suspensions.
Ox injury casts shadow on Liverpool – SuperSport (blog)
Ox injury casts shadow on Liverpool
SuperSport (blog)
Liverpool's giant step towards a first Champions League final for 13 years was marred by a likely season-ending injury to midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain that could also rule the England international out of the upcoming World Cup. Oxlade …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Cierra Dillard scored 22 points and 11th-seeded Buffalo shocked No. 3 seed Florida State 86-65 on Monday night to advance to the Sweet 16 of the women's NCAA Tournament for the first time in school history.
The Bulls, who were one of the last four to earn an at-large berth in the 64-team field, shot 47.4 per cent from the field and went 24 of 26 from the foul line. They also held the Seminoles to 3 of 25 on 3-pointers and 33.8 per cent from the field.
Buffalo (29-5) won't have far to go for the regional semifinal as it will face defending champion and second-seeded South Carolina on Saturday in Albany, New York.
It is the first time that in eight games that Florida State (26-7) has dropped an NCAA Tournament contest when it has been the host.
Buffalo seized control late in the first half. The game was tied at 28 with 2:05 remaining when the Bulls closed the half with a 10-2 run, including eight straight points by Dillard, to take a 39-30 lead at halftime.
The Bulls would then extend the lead to 14 with a 7-2 run to start the third quarter. They would lead by as many as 14 early in the fourth quarter.
Stephanie Reid scored 18 points and Summer Hemphill added 17 for Buffalo, which is unbeaten this season the 25 games it has led at halftime.
Shakayla Thomas led Florida State with 25 points in their final game and Nausia Woolfolk added 12.
BIG PICTURE
Buffalo: Two days after getting their first NCAA Tournament win over South Florida, the Bulls are the first MAC team since Bowling Green in 2007 to advance to the Sweet 16. They were joined moments later by MAC rival Central Michigan which knocked off Ohio State also as an 11-seed.
Florida State: The Seminoles were hoping to make their fourth straight Sweet 16 performance but were unable to control the pace of the game. Imani Wright, who came into the game with 103 3-pointers this season, was 0 of 10 from beyond the arc.
ST. LOUIS — Rob Gray was 13 of 13 from the free-throw line and finished with 24 points and Devin Davis scored 17 on 7-of-8 shooting to help Houston beat Saint Louis 77-58 on Saturday night for its seventh win in a row.
It is Houston's longest win streak since the Cougars (8-1) won seven straight in the 2012-13 season. They beat the Billikens in St. Louis for the first time since 1990 and snapped a six-game skid against their former Conference USA rival.
Five different Houston players scored during an 11-0 run that made it 25-20 with nearly six minutes left in the first half and the Cougars led the rest of the way. Davell Roby answered with a layup but Saint Louis missed its next 10 field-goal attempts and Gray hit a jumper to give Houston a 45-30 lead with 14 minutes to go. The Billikens trailed by double figures the rest of the way.
Robey led the Billikens with 17 points and Javon Bess added 14. Saint Louis (4-5) has lost four of its last five after winning three straight — including a 77-71 victory over Virginia Tech (8-1) — to open the season.
Posey tube from Alameda to Oakland is closed. Work on sinkhole at Oakland exit has begun. 1 lane expected to be open by midnight and officials hope both lanes open by the end of the week. pic.twitter.com/QYrFOqujUD — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) March 19, 2018
EMBED >More News Videos The Posey Tube from Alameda to Oakland will be closed to traffic from Monday until midnight Tuesday while crews work to repair a sinkhole.
Posey Tube backed up on Webster Street all the way to Willie Stargell Avenue in Alameda. Sinkhole on exit side in Oakland caused 1 lane to be closed. Both lanes from Alameda to Oakland scheduled to close from 10am-midnight. pic.twitter.com/kqbcY5oAu6 — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) March 19, 2018
The Posey Tube from Alameda to Oakland will be closed to traffic from Monday until midnight Tuesday while crews work to repair a sinkhole.Repairs are progressing as scheduled to fix the sinkhole that formed over the weekend at the Oakland exit due to an underground storm drain failure.They are hoping to have one lane of the tube back open by midnight on Monday and the other lane will likely be closed through the end of the week while repairs continue. Rain could play a factor in when that second lane opens.Drivers faced a big back up in Alameda during the Monday morning commute.Traffic inched its way up as Webster Street and Constitution Way merged together.Alameda police blocked off the one lane, but once you got into the tube traffic moved well.For people heading into Alameda in the morning, getting home to Oakland could take a lot longer, especially if you commute by bike like Oakland resident Ernesto Montenero. "If they close the tunnel, we may not be able to ride through it as well, so we'd have to go around about an eight-mile detour," they said.The Posey Tube is one of the main arteries off Alameda, but there are options like the Park Street, Fruitvale and High Street bridges as well as state route 61, and the Bay Farm Island Bridge.You can also ditch the car and take the ferry. AC Transit has created several detours for affected bus lines.The Posey Tube from Oakland to Alameda remains unaffected and drivers we spoke with said delays weren't that bad because many of their colleagues and neighbors took alternate transportation or used bridges to get off the island.
NASA ambassador Theo Wellington addressed the Wilson County Commission during Monday's monthly meeting and described the eclipse, along with the crowd the event is expected to attract.
“I used to qualify it and call it the biggest astronomical event. I don't do that anymore. This is going to be the biggest public one-day event ever in U.S. history,” Wellington said.
“You guys are right in the best part of it,” said Wellington, who said the last total solar eclipse possible to be seen in Tennessee took place in 1869.
Wellington said the eclipse is not a “science geeky” occurrence and would challenge our senses and could cause emotional reactions for some people.
“To see the Sun go out in the middle of the day is something your brain knows doesn't happen, so it hits you at a very human level. People cry. They shout. They go silent and speechless,” they said.
Wellington said half of the U.S. population is within a one day's drive to the total solar eclipse path, which means areas along the path, such as Wilson County, will experience an influx of visitors.
“The expectation is the population will double all the way across that path that day. I want you to think about how that impacts everything – even things you don't think about,” Wellington said.
Wellington said the total eclipse path is important because it's the path in which a total eclipse is visible. Other areas will only experience a partial eclipse, which doesn't bring darkness.
“It's a nationwide event. Everybody will see part of the Sun covered up that day, but only those in the 70-mile wide path get to see the total eclipse,” said Wellington, who said the eclipse causes a night and day difference.
“You guys are snugged up right next to the very center of the path,” they said.
Wellington said the maximum amount of time the total eclipse can be viewed is 2 minutes and 40 seconds.
“The Wilson County [Fairground] is only 2 seconds off the longest time,” they said.
Wellington said the biggest event surrounding the eclipse they know about will take place in St. Joseph, Mo., where an extra 100,000 people are expected in the city – about 30,000 more than its population.
The commission also voted to allow officers to retain their service weapon upon retirement.
The Tennessee General Assembly gave counties authorization in 2006 to permit full-time sheriffs or deputy sheriffs to retain their service weapon upon retirement as long as the county legislative body approves it by a two-thirds vote.
A sheriff or deputy who retires on disability retirement may also retain the service weapon. The move was to recognize the officers for their “many years of good and faithful service.”
According to the resolution, to receive the service weapon, the certified officer must retire in good standing after 15 years or have at least 15 years with the department at the point or retirement from injury.
Commissioners Terry Ashe and Gary Keith abstained their vote.
The commission also voted to equip the future Springdale Elementary School with a school resource officer once the school opens in August.
Wilson County Sheriff Robert Bryan said the $10,000 budget amendment would go toward training and SRO certification before school begins. The department currently provides an SRO for every public school in Wilson County.
Springdale Elementary School is at 5675 Central Pike.
Rezoning plans have more than 500 students who currently attend Stoner Creek Elementary School and 200 students who currently attend Elzie D. Patton Elementary School rezoned to Springdale.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to centre to put Detroit ahead 3-1.
Louis Coleman (2-0) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief.
YANKEES 5, ASTROS 3
NEW YORK (AP) — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning their sixth consecutive decision. Aroldis Chapman got three outs for their 12th save.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped their third straight start against them — including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
NATIONALS 2, ORIOLES 0
BALTIMORE (AP) — Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn their eighth consecutive victory, Bryce Harper hit their 18th homer and the Nationals finished a three-game series sweep.
Scherzer (9-1) struck out 12, walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters. Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth, but notched their 13th save.
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road, the team's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005.
Baltimore rookie David Hess (2-2) gave up one run and four hits over six innings.
PIRATES 2, CUBS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings for Pittsburgh, and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove (2-0) helped stop the Pirates' four-game losing streak, permitting one run and seven hits. They also slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
The Cubs had won three in a row. Chicago's Kyle Hendricks (4-4) surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings.
INDIANS 9, WHITE SOX 1
CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as Cleveland rolled to its fifth straight win.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team. The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits and struck out 10.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
BREWERS 3, CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in their return from Tommy John surgery, but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save.
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
RED SOX 6, BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON (AP) — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster, and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with their 18th homer, snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17. Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs in six innings.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston, and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for their 18th save.
METS 4, BRAVES 1
ATLANTA (AP) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs, leading the Mets to a sorely needed victory.
Jason Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings for New York, which had lost seven of nine. Robert Gsellman worked the ninth for their second save.
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East, one-half game behind Washington. The Nationals and Braves begin a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday.
Braves starter Julio Teheran (4-3) pitched seven innings of two-run ball.
ROYALS 11, TWINS 8
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas and Jorge Soler homered, powering Kansas City to the win.
Moustakas drove in four runs. Soler had four hits for the Royals, who led 9-0 after two innings.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory. Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for their 12th save.
Twins rookie Fernando Romero (3-2) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings.
Minnesota slugger Miguel Sano had two hits and three RBIs.
GIANTS 7, ROCKIES 4
DENVER (AP) — Brandon Crawford kept up their May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally, and the Giants avoided being swept.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising their season average from .189 to .307.
The Giants snapped a three-game skid. Derek Holland (3-6) pitched five innings for the win, and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for their 11th save.
Nolan Arenado hit a three-run homer for Colorado. Harrison Musgrave (0-1) got the loss.
REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and Cincinnati rallied for the victory.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in their first win since May 4, and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for their ninth save.
DODGERS 8, PHILLIES 2
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Ross Stripling struck out nine over seven strong innings, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and Los Angeles beat Philadelphia.
Stripling, who pitched out of the bullpen the first month of the season, has 28 strikeouts and two earned runs allowed over their last three outings. Stripling (3-1) gave up a run and four hits to win their third straight start and lower their ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as they recorded their team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. Their two hits moved them into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, their sixth of the season and second in two games.
PADRES 3, MARLINS 2
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error, lifting San Diego past Miami.
Closer Brad Ziegler (0-5) coughed up a one-run lead when they loaded the bases with one out. Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas, who was charging. They double-clutched their throw, which was low to first baseman Justin Bour. When the ball skipped away from Bour, Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run.
Matt Strahm (1-2) got the win for working the final two innings.
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight start by Jose Urena, a franchise record, which included 12 from this year.
RANGERS 7, MARINERS 6
SEATTLE (AP) — Robinson Chirinos' tiebreaking two-run double in the seventh inning capped another late-inning rally, lifting Texas past Seattle.
The Rangers did damage in back-to-back nights against a wild and ineffective Seattle bullpen, which surrendered five runs in the sixth and seventh innings.
Delino DeShields (walk) and Shin-Soo Choo (single) reached base for Texas to open the seventh against right-hander Ryan Cook. Two batters later, Nomar Mazara greeted left-hander Marc Rzepczynski with a sharp two-run single to centre field to tie the game at 5-all.
Rzepczynski (0-1) walked Jurickson Profar and Joey Gallo before they were pulled.
Against Juan Nicasio, Seattle's third pitcher of the inning, Chirinos lined a hit off Ryon Healy's glove at first base, easily scoring the go-ahead runs.
Tony Barnette (1-0) picked up their first win of the season in relief of Matt Moore. Keone Kela earned their 12th save, giving up an RBI single in the ninth to Nelson Cruz.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
Anonymous: NO electricity, so how are they getting their shirts printed????  They are a typical "BIG MOUTH LIBERAL who is going to run for Governor in 2020 on the Democratic Ticket.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. They showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
NEW YORK (AP) — Kenneth Chenault, the chairperson and CEO of American Express, is retiring at the end of January after a 17-year run as the head of one of the nation's most well-known brands.
Chenault recently sat down with The Associated Press for their last interview before their retirement. They discussed key moments at AmEx, their legacy and what comes next. Here are excerpts from that interview, which have been edited for length and clarity.
___
AP: What do you see as your legacy at the company?
Chenault: This is something I've always felt but, over the last 10 years, has come in to more stark relief. You can generate good company performance over a two-year period or a five-year period. You can go through positive cycles; you can go through down cycles. But what really matters is: How does a company perform over the long term?
I believe that we've created a culture that will endure. And, for me, my most important legacy is not just the achievements over the last 37 years, but how this company will perform 5, 10, 15, 20 years from now.
AP: What do you make of the fact your competitors often hire former American Express executives to run their own credit card businesses?
Chenault: What you hear from (people who left) is, 'I haven't been able to replicate the experience that I've had at American Express.' The problem is, they don't have our business model. They don't have an integrated payment platform and what they don't have, from a culture standpoint, is 168 years of this service ethic and this mission.
While we have populated the industry, what people have not been able to export is the uniqueness of our brand which gives us a major advantage. And very importantly, the fact that we have an integrated diversified business model and that's given us a major advantage.
AP: Did you ever want to work somewhere other than American Express?
Growing up, I had no interest in business. I wanted to be a leader. I wanted to make a meaningful difference in people's lives. I grew up in the height of the Civil Rights Movement. I saw myself more in the social/political sector. There was no game plan or roadmap that I developed that I would go into business.
I can honestly say that I was approached prior to becoming CEO during my tenure as CEO by larger companies. Some people would say, "Boy, that's a great opportunity," but when I thought about the alignment of my personal values with the values of American Express, it wasn't even a question of whether I would stay there. I never seriously considered any other place or any other opportunity.
AP: Your departure reduces the number of African American CEOs at Fortune 500 companies to three. What legacy would you talk about tied to that role you play in society, and also in business?
Chenault: Here's what's very important and I think I've been very clear is, that's embarrassing. It's embarrassing because there are thousands of people who are just as qualified or more qualified than I am who deserve the opportunity, but haven't been given the opportunity. People overcomplicate this issue. One is you need a pipeline of people coming in. You need to create an environment where people are embraced and engaged rather than just tolerated.
You need to, in fact, develop people strategies just as you do for business strategies. And you need to put metrics in place, and hold people accountable for making progress. And I must admit, I was encouraged the first few years that I was CEO because we saw an emergence (of more minority CEOs). You started to see some movement. And that has slowed down.
Company boards and management have to say: 'diversity and inclusion is a core priority. And it's not a flavor of the month. It's not something we're just going to try for a year or two. We're going to keep at it until we get it right.' And I think we need that level of intensity and focus.
AP: You're joining the board of Facebook. What do you hope to bring to the company?
Chenault: I've known Mark (Zuckerberg) for at least eight years. And one of the things that I've talked to Mark about, and I believe he's fully committed to, is to build something that's enduring, that's going to make a meaningful difference in people's lives and a meaningful difference in our society.
I think that Mark recognizes Facebook's importance of developing communities, but also understands the responsibilities. One of the things that excited me about the Facebook opportunity is the ability to help them achieve that vision.
It's nice to see some Republicans call out President Trump for equating white supremacists with protesters, the alleged "many sides" to the violence in Virginia, but it's a little too late for that now.
For months we saw Trump use racist dog whistles to rally their base. The media did their job in calling attention to this race-baiting, red-meat drivel (comments about Mexicans being murderers and rapists; Judge Gonzalo Curiel's inability to be objective because of their Hispanic heritage; extreme anti-Muslim rhetoric, etc.), but that also didn't matter.
The American people came out by the millions to condone such racist rhetoric, and this is to blame for the violence in Virginia.
There is only one way to respond to hints of racism, and to not-so-subtle suggestions of bigotry, hatred and xenophobia. And that proper way is with clear, transparent and open defiance.
Anyone who doesn't take such clear stances is responsible for all of the fallout that results from such cowardice.
In the end, perhaps the only way Trump's statement is accurate about the "many sides" to blame is if we acknowledge the fact that their entire campaign -- and the entire 63 million voters who supported them -- took part in rallying white supremacists into action.
David Duke, former grand wizard of the KKK, was quoted as saying that the rally in Virginia is a "turning point for the people of this country ... who are determined to take their country back ... and fulfill Trump's promises."
That "turning point" started months ago.
Chris Lang
Bethlehem
Bokwa® is a new and completely different approach to group exercise that is rapidly spreading across the globe.
Bokwa® participants draw letters and numbers with their feet while performing an energizing and addictive cardio workout routine. Moving together to today's most popular music, participants off all ages draw the Bokwa® L, 3, J, K and dozens of other steps.
LAKEWOOD RANCH, Fla. (WFLA) – Since the Las Vegas strip massacre, a lot of gun shop owners have been getting requests for bumps stocks. That's the device the shooter used to turn their semi-automatic weapons into something that acts more like an automatic weapon.
At Aegis Tactical in Lakewood Ranch, the owner Joe Krawtschenko said on Monday alone, the day after the shooting, they received 10 calls and several emails from people wanting to buy those devices.
“People are actually calling saying they want the equipment that the guy used in Vegas. They wanted this bump stock… slide fire. We just refused to sell it,” they said.
Krawtschenko knows they could make money off the devices, but said they won't order or sell them.
“It's being responsible…that it's a novelty item for a gun. They're not accurate,” they said.
Krawtschenko posted a video on Facebook knowing they could potentially get a lot of bad feedback from people who support the right to buy the device.
But, they said the response has been overwhelmingly supportive.
We asked them if they were surprised so many people were calling to buy them.
“They're still calling this morning, asking and arguing with us why we won't sell them. It's just the responsible thing to do. It's out of the respect for victims and the families out in Las Vegas,” they said.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
In a marked contrast to the grim state budget news coming out of Dover, a panel comprised of members of the development community offered an upbeat outlook for 2017 in northern Delaware.
On the minus side, the county's Unified Development Code and traffic studies lead to even popular projects moving through a snail-like approval process, panelists noted.
The observations were similar to those voiced at an Urban Land Institute event earlier this year.
The northern Delaware event was sponsored by Bisnow, a digital media and special events company that focuses on the real estate industry.
Advertisement
An ‘exciting time'
“It's an exciting time,” said Buccini/Pollin Co-President Chris Buccini, who pointed to the growing number of mixed-use multi-family projects that are pedestrian friendly and combine retail, offices and service businesses.
Buccini said a boom in the reuse of sites has gone largely unreported in Delaware, despite evidence in the form of new construction and renovation work.
At times, buildings cannot be saved (one example being the Rockford Falls Bancroft Mills project) which fell victim to a fire.
In addition to Buccini/Pollin many downtown projects, the company is redeveloping the Concord Plaza office complex in north Wilmington into a mixed-use project with apartments.
Two-year gauntlet
Much of the discussion centered on the typical two-year time frame for most projects.
Panelists said one barrier to a full-scale boom is the lengthy approval process that involves New Castle County's Unified Development Code and the Delaware Department of Transportation.
Hughlett Kirby, vice president of Cinnaire Corporation, said another barrier are impact fees that raise the price of affordable housing the county needs in attracting workers.
The fees do not mean much to a luxury property, but can add thousands of dollars to the price of apartments and other housing, they said. Cinnaire arranges financing for community development projects.
“We're fighting an uphill battle every day on every project,” said Robert Wittig, president of Diamond State Management, Newark. Wittig took pains to praise DelDOT staff for their work but added that they lack the authority and flexibility.
“It's bred into the culture,” Wittig added.
Delays hit all projects
McConnell added that DelDOT is also mired in a paper-based culture in a world where plans are handled in a digital format and can be reviewed in a matter of weeks.
Panelists said the code has worthy features that encourage projects that combine office, retail and residential development. However, other requirements lead to a lengthy approval process.
Interestingly enough, projects often emerge from the two-year or more gauntlet with the same design as the initial plan, panelists noted. That means the process merely adds to expenses.
Buccini said the delays occurred with the Concord Plaza project, even though the office park had suitable zoning in place.
The downtown Wilmington office market remains in the doldrums, said Paul McConnell, of McConnell-Johnson a large office space landlord in the city.
Companies continue to downsize office space, due to factors ranging from people working remotely to open formats that can pack in more people.
McConnell said the market will see further demolitions for downtown buildings that cannot find tenants.
Buccini was more upbeat and sees potential in start-ups that have come out of McConnell's 1313 Innovation and The Mill, a start-up space in Buccini/Pollin's Nemours Building. Buccini also believes the trend toward downsizing may have run its course and has seen some evidence of tenants seeking more space.
At least one start-up has more than 40 employees, Buccini noted. They added that the financial services sector is also doing well, despite recent stories of cutbacks at HSBC and Barclays.
Buccini said the number of financial services companies has risen to 30, a promising development for the future.
Hotels raise all boats
Attitudes are also a factor. Buccini said BPG took heat in developing the Westin next to the Chase Center on the Riverfront and admitted to being angry about the criticism.
In the end, the hotel helped “lifted all boats” in building the hospitality market in downtown.
BPG has two additional riverfront hotels in the work in addition to the owners of the Big Fish Grill and a development firm planning a hotel next to the riverfront restaurant.
ZURICH — FIFA has dropped referee Fahad Al Mirdasi from the World Cup after they were banned from football for life in Saudi Arabia over match fixing.
The Saudi Arabian Football Federation said two weeks ago that Fahad Al Mirdasi asked for money to help a team win a cup final.
Now FIFA says its referees' committee has decided that their conditions to be selected for the World Cup in Russia "are not satisfied anymore."
As a result, the entire Saudi refereeing team has been removed from the tournament, including two assistants.
THIS week we commemorate Vietnam Veterans Day which had its birth in the Battle of Long Tan that occurred on August 18, 1966.
105 Australian and three New Zealand soldiers courageously fought a pitched battle against estimates of 2000 to 3000 North Vietnamese and Viet Cong troops in a rubber plantation under torrential monsoonal rain. At odds of 20 to 1 the Australians should have been wiped out.
While the action has achieved symbolic significance for the Australian military and indeed the Australian community it was not so long ago that these Vietnam Veterans and even Anzac Day were vilified by the politically correct brigade.
It is essential that we remember and commemorate their rightful place in our history as too many of our traditions, institutions and the founding principles of Australian society are under threat from the industry of political correctness trying to rewrite history and erase our heritage. They disparage our forebears, historical events and traditions. They find fault with what many of us know represents the real Australia.
Our Judaeo-Christian heritage is under attack from the Queensland Education department which wants to stop children talking about Jesus in the playground and ban Christmas cards, bracelets, and Christmas decorations.
Then a day after hearing about the "Jesus” ban the Queensland Labor Party announced it wants to ditch Australia Day and to change the Australian Flag.
This is not about making our society more tolerant and inclusive.
It is about trashing our history, dividing communities and dismantling our institutions.
It is important that we celebrate and commemorate our rich history, warts and all, our heritage, traditions and the values underpinning our culture by pushing back against this political correctness gone mad.
NEW YORK (AP) — The real estate firm owned by the family of Jared Kushner has withdrawn a request for a big tax break for one its buildings in Jersey City, New Jersey, the latest setback for the company in the area.
The Kushner Cos. sent a letter withdrawing its application for a 30-year break from city taxes for a planned two-tower project in the struggling Journal Square section of the city, Jersey City spokesperson Jennifer Morrill said Wednesday. Opponents of the tax breaks marched downtown earlier this year and the city's mayor recently came out against the Kushner request.
Jared Kushner was CEO of the family company before stepping down to become a senior adviser to their father-in-law, President Donald Trump.
Kushner Cos. spokesperson James Yolles said the company is committed to the “much-needed investment” in that area of the city.
The loss of the tax break is the latest blow for the company in a city where it is major real estate developer.
The 79-story building – One Journal Square – gained attention last month after Jared Kushner's sister, Nicole Kushner Meyer, mentioned their brother in a presentation in Beijing where they had hoped to attract Chinese investors in the building. Marketing material noted the “celebrity status” of their family.
Government ethics experts blasted the family for what they said was an attempt to profit off Jared Kushner's position in Washington, and the Kushner Cos. canceled upcoming investor presentations in the country.
The company said Meyer wasn't trying to use their White House ties to attract investors.
The Kushner family is seeking 300 wealthy Chinese to invest a total of $150 million in One Journal Square. The family was trying to raise money through the EB-5 visa program that grants temporary U.S. residency to wealthy foreigners in exchange for investments of at least $500,000 in certain U.S. projects
The company also is in danger of losing another tax break for the building. The shared office space firm WeWork recently pulled out as anchor tenant. That has put in doubt a state break tied to WeWork.
Another project is off, too. The Kushner Cos. once considered bidding to develop a 95-acre industrial site along the Hackensack River in the city for housing, called Bayfront. Last month, it was revealed the family had withdrawn from those plans last year.
The Kusnher Cos. has said politics had nothing to do with its decision to withdraw from Bayfront, and that “economics of the deal” drove the move.
As for One Journal Square, company spokesperson Yolles said the project will provide 4,000 construction jobs and $180 million in tax revenue for the city over 30 years.
Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop, a Democrat, is running for re-election this fall, and tax breaks to developers have become a major issue.
Unlike neighboring Hoboken, Jersey City has granted dozens of tax breaks in recent years. Fulop had campaigned to reform the practice, but critics say they have done little.
Another Kushner property in the city overlooking the Hudson River got a five-year tax break soon after Fulop was elected mayor. That 50-story building has licensed the Trump name and is called Trump Bay Street. The building was also partly financed with EB-5 visa money from abroad.
The Kushner family owns or manages 20,000 apartments, 13 million square feet of office space and industrial properties in several states, including New York, New Jersey, Maryland and Illinois.
Comments
comments
GUATEMALA CITY — Researchers using an aerial mapping technique known as LiDAR have found previously undetected Mayan defence works, irrigation channels and the remains of tens of thousands of structures in the dense woodlands and jungles of Guatemala's Peten region.
The images revealed industrial-sized agricultural fields, including ones that measured about 12.5 miles (20 kilometres) long.
The mapping technique bounces pulsed laser light off the ground, revealing contours hidden by dense foliage.
About 60,000 individual structures, including four major Maya ceremonial centres, were discovered.
In one of Guatemala's best-explored ruins, Tikal, the images were able to reveal a 90-foot tall pyramid that was previously thought to be a hill.
The discoveries were announced Thursday by an alliance of U.S., European and Guatemalan archaeologists working with Guatemala's Mayan Heritage and Nature Foundation.
Angry Judge Blasts Uber in Waymo Trade-Secrets Case
Uber's lawyers can't be trusted, an angry federal judge said Tuesday as they lambasted the ride-hailing giant for withholding from them a document full of explosive allegations amid proceedings for Waymo's trade-secrets lawsuit against Uber, new reports said.
"I can no longer trust the words of the lawyers for Uber in this case," Judge William Alsup said in Northern California U.S. District Court, according to the New York Times.
The document was a heavily redacted letter from lawyers for Uber's former global-intelligence manager Richard Jacobs, the San Francisco Chronicle reported.
Google's self-driving- spinoff Waymo sued Uber in February, alleging a former Waymo executive stole trade secrets and brought them to Uber, which allegedly used them for its own self-driving-car program.
Read out in court, the letter said Jacobs knew that Uber had a team whose job was to "steal trade secrets at least from Waymo in the United States," according to the Chronicle report Tuesday, which described Alsup as "visibly angry" during the hearing.
"My court order said stuff like that had to be produced," Alsup said, according to the Chronicle. "It was withheld from me."
However, Jacobs, testifying Tuesday on Alsup's orders, said they didn't stand by that statement in the 37-page letter, which they said he'd signed in a rush without seeing that part.
Uber denies the claims and says it hasn't used Waymo technology.
Jacobs testified that they didn't believe their work for Uber's secretive former Strategic Services Group was "patently illegal." But, they said, they had "questions about the ethics of it" and "it felt overly aggressive and invasive," Bloomberg reported Tuesday.
"None of the testimony today changes the merits of the case," an Uber spokesperson told this news organization Tuesday. "Jacobs themselves said on the stand today that they were not aware of any Waymo trade secrets being stolen."
The Uber spokesperson also emailed a statement that Uber issued Monday about the impending trial: "Uber has been waiting for its day in court for quite some time now. We're keen to have a jury finally hear this case on its merits."
The judge also brought up "a hidden system of messaging at Uber" that they said was potentially criminal, according to Bloomberg.
"He described an 'invisible system, not part of the regular server system' that deletes messages almost instantaneously, after a small delay," Bloomberg reported.
Alsup granted Waymo's request to delay the start of the trial, for which jury selection had been scheduled to begin Wednesday. Waymo argued that it needed more time because, it claimed, Uber had hidden the letter.
"If even half of what is in that letter is true, it would be an injustice for Waymo to go to trial," Alsup said, according to the New York Times.
© 2017 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shot by Google/Waymo.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Residents of Bangor will no longer be voting for council members who represent specific wards in the borough.
Bangor Borough Council voted Monday to eliminate voting districts known as wards. In future elections, council members will be voted in as at-large, or borough-wide, candidates.
Council will also reduce from 8 to 7 seats at the next municipal election in accordance with Pennsylvania Borough Code when eliminating wards.
In the past, voters in a ward elected two council seats from each of the four voting districts in the borough. Candidates were required to reside in the ward in which they were seeking to be elected.
Moving forward, candidates need not live in any particular section of the borough.
Council President James Kresge said dividing the borough into separate sections is an antiquated practice.
"Many believe wards represent a time when towns were regionalized in factions," Kresge said.
Under the new system, there aren't any limitations to the number of council members being elected from a section of the borough. Kresge said, without the restrictions, the new system may encourage more good candidates to run for office.
"You should be a representative of the whole town," Kresge said.
The changes will not affect any of the current terms on council.
Currently, terms will expire for four council seats -- one from each ward -- on Dec. 31, 2019. Those ward seats will dissolve, and three at-large candidates will be elected in November 2019 to take office in January 2020.
The remaining four council terms will expire Dec. 31, 2021 and will be replaced by four at-large candidates who are elected in the November 2021 election to take office in January 2022.
If any vacancies arise on the current council, the person appointed to fill the vacancy will not be required to reside in the area formerly comprising the ward.
John Best is a freelance writer. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Updated at 10:35 p.m. ET
President Trump on Monday authorized their top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called their action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
They cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. They were flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of their economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration. More recently US presidents have complied with a requirement to obtain World Trade Organization authorization before using Section 301.
But Trump has implied they may use Section 301 without WTO authorization. Bypassing the WTO would be quicker.
"It saves time," says Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant US trade representative. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
But Gold says using Section 301 without WTO authorization would leave the US government in conflict with its obligations under international law.
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But they said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel. "We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Caroline Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways. "China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," they said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
They say that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
By some estimates, U.S. companies lose as much as $300 billion a year to China because of the theft of intellectual property. Today President Trump formally asked the U.S. trade representative to look into the problem, and NPR's Jim Zarroli reports that investigation could eventually lead to trade sanctions against China.
JIM ZARROLI, BYLINE: President Trump said intellectual property theft costs the United States millions of jobs each year. That includes the forced transfer of valuable technology from U.S. companies as a condition of access to China's markets. Trump said, for too long, wealth has been drained from our country while Washington turned a blind eye.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity.
ZARROLI: The steps announced by the White House today are very preliminary. U.S. trade representative Robert Lighthizer will essentially look into the issue, and depending on what they find, the administration could initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a rarely used mechanism from the 1974 Trade Act. That would eventually allow the U.S. government to impose tariffs on China, and it could do so unilaterally without having to go through the World Trade Organization. Matt Gold is a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative.
MATT GOLD: It saves time. The WTO case - it would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision. Then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision.
ZARROLI: The president's move was applauded by technology groups who have long complained about IP theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying, for too long, China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter, of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements.
Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the U.S. to level the playing field. But they said the Trump administration needs to go further to address the dumping of products such as steel.
SHERROD BROWN: We need to follow through with meaningful action. And that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel.
ZARROLI: But there are risks to what the White House is embarking on. Trade disputes are typically arbitrated by the WTO, and acting unilaterally could backfire. Caroline Freund, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
CAROLINE FREUND: One, China is likely to retaliate with tariffs of their own on U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China. It won't lead to anything positive.
ZARROLI: But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric on the campaign trail, the White House has so far been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator, for instance, and a long-promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
FREUND: The administration embarks on something. They think it's going to be simple. Let's just impose tariffs on steel. But then it turns out to be a lot more complicated because of the way the economy is so intertwined.
ZARROLI: It's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, for example, Freund says, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers such as automakers and appliance companies. President Trump has asked for an investigation into intellectual property theft, but any action to stop it still seems a long way off. Jim Zarroli, NPR News, New York.
(SOUNDBITE OF SAN FERMIN SONG, "BRIDE") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
REGINA — Saskatchewan's premier says a rash of drug overdoses in the province is an issue both the government and Opposition can work on together.
Premier Scott Moe said a recent spike in cocaine laced with fentanyl isn't just an urban issue, it extends to smaller communities too.
“This will not be dealt with just through law enforcement,” Moe said during Monday's question period. “The leader of the Opposition is correct and we need to continually work.
“This may be an opportunity where both sides of the house would be able to do some work together.”
Three people died in Saskatoon earlier this month in overdoses believed to be linked to cocaine laced with fentanyl.
Police said on Friday that two more sudden deaths in Maidstone, a rural Saskatchewan community near the Alberta-Saskatchewan boundary, may also be overdoses.
And the RCMP said that two people were found in the Kamsack area northeast of Regina on Wednesday with substances believed to be cocaine and fentanyl in their systems.
On Saturday, Weyburn police warned that cocaine with fentanyl had been found in that city.
Three men were arrested as a result of the Saskatoon deaths after investigators took the unusual step of releasing the street name and phone number of an alleged drug dealer in the hope of preventing further deaths.
The Opposition NDP raised the issue of Naloxone kits being limited to pharmacies along with limited use of Narcan nasal spray in the province.
Moe said their government would take those points under advisement.
“I think it's important for us to have that discussion on: Is there an opportunity for us to provide more accessibility to just those kits in light of recent occurrences here in the province?” Moe said.
— Follow @RyanBMcKenna on Twitter.
BREWSTER, Mass. (AP) — Fire officials in Massachusetts have rescued three people from freezing waters off of Breakwater Beach.
The Cape Cod Times reports that a dive team responded to an emergency call in Brewster around 6:40 p.m. Sunday. Brewster Fire Chief Robert Moran says two staff members at the Latham School went after a female student who had swum away from shore.
Moran says the dive team and firefighters worked together to rescue all three individuals. They were all taken to Cape Cod Hospital with unspecified injuries.
The Latham School treats children and young adults with developmental disorders.
___
Information from: Cape Cod (Mass.) Times, http://www.capecodtimes.com
Monkeys cannot own a copyright, judges rule in infamous monkey selfie lawsuit
A Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that monkeys cannot own a copyright in an infamous case over who owned the rights to a selfie snapped by a monkey. The court has ordered PETA to pay the photographer's legal fees.
The post Monkeys cannot own a copyright, judges rule in infamous monkey selfie lawsuit appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DETROIT (AP) — A police department in the Lansing, Michigan, area missed an opportunity to pursue criminal charges in 2004 against Larry Nassar and will publicly apologize to the victim who accused the doctor of molesting them during treatment for an abnormal spine, an official said Wednesday.
Meridian Township will make the apology Thursday to Brianne Randall-Gay and announce changes in how it handles sexual misconduct investigations, township Manager Frank Walsh said.
Nassar, who was a sports doctor at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics, convinced police that they had performed a legitimate procedure with their hands and even provided a PowerPoint presentation to explain. The case was dropped, effectively allowing them to continue to molest girls and young women, including Olympians, for years until their arrest in 2016. A total of 265 women and girls have said they were assaulted.
"We missed it. We're not going to hide it. We were deceived," Walsh said.
The township released the 2004 police report on Randall-Gay's allegations against Nassar. Walsh said the township was told to withhold it from the public until Nassar was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for sexually assaulting young women and girls in Ingham County. Another sentencing is underway this week in a similar case in Eaton County.
In 2004, Randall-Gay was 17 when they and their mother visited Nassar to discuss treatment for scoliosis, a curvature of the spine. They sent them to physical therapy but saw them again, this time alone.
Randall-Gay had a back problem. But they told police that Nassar had removed their underwear, forcibly cupped their genitals with their hand and rubbed their breasts — all without gloves.
"She thought it was 'weird' and it 'freaked them out,'" the police report says.
Nassar told police they applied pressure to the "perineum," using a formal word for an area between the legs, and said it was done to manipulate a ligament, according to the report.
Nassar provided a paper version of a PowerPoint presentation about the ligament procedure, titled "The Grand Junction." There's no indication that police shared their technical explanation with an outside expert. The case was closed.
Walsh said questions about the investigation will be answered during a news conference Thursday with the police chief and Randall-Gay, who now lives in Washington state. Meridian Township paid for them to travel to Michigan to testify at Nassar's sentencing last week.
Back in 2004, Nassar "had the audacity to tell (police) I misunderstood the treatment because I was not comfortable with my body," Randall-Gay said.
It was not the only investigation over the years. A Michigan State University police investigation ended in 2014 with no charges filed. Another investigation by the university, required under federal anti-discrimination law, cleared Nassar of assault.
___
Follow Ed White at http://twitter.com/edwhiteap
TOLEDO, Ohio — A man who confessed to a string of rapes and murders with their brother and now wants to be released from an Ohio prison is due back in court.
Attorneys for Nathaniel Cook say a plea deal signed nearly 20 years ago forces the court to order their release this year. A judge plans to hold a hearing Thursday in Toledo, when they could decide whether to free Cook.
The judge has ordered Cook to undergo evaluations, but they said last month that more information was needed before they could make a decision about their release.
An agreement with prosecutors two decades ago forced Nathaniel Cook to admit they killed three people while their brother confessed to killing five others in the 1980s.
Their brother is serving two life sentences.
MUSIC: Sirlex – International Girl (Prod. By Tee Mode)
After their previous release “Desire” featuring Niniola & Koker with a follow up nice video which had hot rotations in media houses, Priest Entertainment Act SIRLEX is out with new hit single title “INTERNATIONAL GIRL” song produced by “Tee Mode”
Download,Share And Enjoy
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Sirlex-International-Girl-Prod-By-Tee-Mode.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: Sirlex – International Girl (Prod. By Tee Mode) appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
1st quarter: Dangote exports 211kt cement to three African countries
…Sells 4millon tons of cement in Nigeria Nigeria's dependence on imported cement can authoritatively be said to be a thing of the past as Dangote Cement for the first quarter exported a total of 211 kilotons of cement to Ghana, Togo and Niger. The company's volume in the Nigeria also increased significantly by 5.3 per cent to nearly 4 million tons for the period under review.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Building Collapse: Lagos files fresh charges against Lekki Gardens boss, others
The defendants are to be arraigned for involuntary manslaughter and building without approval.
The post Building Collapse: Lagos files fresh charges against Lekki Gardens boss, others appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There is no shortage of options.
"We have a very good understanding of the needs of our football team," Newsome said. "What we try to do is to match that with the players."
Some things to know about the Ravens' draft:
TIGHT END NEEDED
The leading receiver on the team last season was tight end Benjamin Watson, who joined the Saints as a free agent.
A replacement is sorely needed, and after failing to secure one through free agency, the Ravens will look to snag one in the draft.
"There are some pretty good ones out there. And they're of the athletic variety, pass-catching tight ends that certainly could help impact our offence," said Joe Horitz, director of college scouting.
One of Newsome's best picks was tight end Todd Heap, selected in the first round in 2001 even though the Ravens already had future Hall of Fame star Shannon Sharpe.
TRADE OR NOT?
Newsome cryptically mentioned the possibility of trading the No. 16 pick, but DeCosta likes the idea of drafting in the middle of the round.
"We're in a good spot for a lot of different reasons," DeCosta said. "I think 16 is a good spot to be in this draft. It plays well to our needs and different strategies."
VOLCANO BREWING
Coach John Harbaugh has been in the Ravens draft room since 2008, and when it comes time for Baltimore to make a pick, they just gets out of the way.
"I'll tell you, it's like a volcano, kind of. It's festering, like, 'Is this thing going to blow?' It never quite blows, but there's so much tension," Harbaugh said.
In the end, though, it's Newsome's call.
"Ozzie pulls the trigger and makes a decision," Harbaugh said, "and we all feel good about it."
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Perriman missed the entire 2015 season with a knee injury, caught 33 passes in 2016 and last season had a mere 10 catches for the league's 29th-ranked passing attack.
Newsome also struck out with safety Matt Elam at No. 32 overall in 2013. But they recently found two fourth-round gems: Defensive end Brent Urban in 2014 and offensive lineman Alex Lewis in 2016.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By David Ginsburg, The Associated Press
Russia's S-300 systems against Tomahawk missiles flying towards Syria
Russia can supply S-300 Favorit anti-aircraft missile systems to Syria for free. However, the Russian Defense Ministry has not commented on the information. Are S-300 systems efficient against Tomahawk missiles? Will Russia's assistance to Syria cause damage to relations with Israel?
Pravda.Ru asked these questions to expert at the Association of Military and Political Scientists, Andrei Koshkin.
"Russia's decision to ship S-300 systems to Syria will make Israel worry a lot. We understand the situation that has been developing between the countries of the Middle East, and we know difficulties that Syria is experiencing in cooperation with Israel.
Israel protects the sky from the direction of Golan Heights because there is no peace treaty experience, and everything can be solved through hostilities. We all remember that prior to the missile attack on Syria, two F-15 fighters attacked the territory of Lebanon. It turned out that they were Israeli fighters. After the missile strike, nine missiles were launched - the Israelis believe that they have the right to attack whenever they want to, because there is no peace treaty with Syria. They keep the Arab Republic in an iron grip, because Iran has been building up its forces in the region.
"Of course, Israel takes the side of the United States, the UK and France after the missile attack. Therefore, Russia wants to help Syria protect its sky with the help of anti-aircraft missile systems, even if Israel is against it. After all, the world could see a group of nuclear powers committing an act of aggression against a sovereign state. Damascus found itself under the protection of diplomatic measures only. Russia needs to ship S-300 systems to Syria to put an end to this unbridled aggression."
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
←
Public parking garage break-ins down in San Francisco @abc7newsbayarea pic.twitter.com/RBV6fmdoBY — Melanie Woodrow (@MelanieWoodrow) April 24, 2018
Safety reforms coming to ALL city owned parking garages pic.twitter.com/FEZrcCaQET — Melanie Woodrow (@MelanieWoodrow) April 24, 2018
There's great news for anyone who parks in San Francisco as officials announced Tuesday that car break-ins are down 83-percent at the Sutter-Stockton garage in Union Square and improvements are expected elsewhere as well.Steven Shepherd and Cathrina Serrano are in San Francisco from San Diego. They parked their vehicle in the Sutter-Stockton garage for two days while they've been sight seeing."I saw the signs warning and we kind of thought we should check out the car before we go," said Shepherd."We didn't know," said Serrano.While families vacation, others are staking out their vehicles."I call it criminal tourism and it actually must stop," said District 2 Supervisor Catherine Stefani."This is a team effort," said SFPD Chief William Scott.Improvements include fencing, lighting, signage, high definition cameras and a dedicated foot patrol officer.Thieves aren't just stealing stuff.Last year, someone broke into Julia Wilkinson's rental car at the Fisherman's Wharf garage and stole their father's ashes. Wilkinson was visiting from North Carolina to spread them in their father's favorite city. A fews days later, someone turned their father's ashes in to an undercover officer.Earlier this year, a known criminal targeting cars in the Sutter-Stockton garage, threw a five year old chihuahua off the 7th floor during a car break-in."The only way the police were able to identify the perpetrator was because of a private dashboard camera that captured the entire crime," said Supervisor Stefani.Officials say they're not declaring victory yet."You see a park smart sign behind us not a mission accomplished sign," said SFMTA Director of Transportation Ed Reiskin.Still the future looks promising, reforms will be implemented at all 22 city owned garages by the end of next year or early 2020.
Gee started working on the LEX over a year ago, using the shutter mechanism from a Sony A7. Since then, he's done a lot of prototyping, electronics work, design and 3D printing to create the mockup you see above (and prototype below), detailing their development on the LEX website.
"After doing some research it became obvious the 18mm flange focal distance which makes E-Mount amazing for building compact cameras like the Sony A6500 was going to rule out adapting any existing film body I could find," Gee told Sony Alpha Rumors. "The easiest approach was to start at the beginning and make a whole system from scratch."
They now have a working prototype that looks rougher than the mockup, but it does work, as Gee has used it to take some sample photos, as shown in a gallery here. Going forward, they plan to release open source plans "so simple, that with a 3D printer and a soldering iron you can build it yourself." If you'd rather just do the photography part, "we may crowdfund a small batch of devices before opening the design files up," they said.
Six people were confirmed dead in a massive fire that engulfed a London tower block before dawn on Wednesday and the number is expected to rise, police said.
“I can confirm six fatalities at this time but this figure is likely to rise during what will be a complex recovery operation over a number of days,” police commander Stuart Cundy said in a statement.
Citing customers' feedback, the Dubai-based carrier Emirates has decided to continue with Hindu meals in food options. In its statement, Emirates has said the decision will make it easier for their Hindu customers to identify and request this option.
After it received flak from social media users in India, the Dubai-based carrier Emirates has said that they will continue to provide Hindu meal option in food options. In its statement issued on Wednesday, July 4 evening, Emirates said that it has decided to reverse its decision of discontinuing Hindu meals due to feedback from its customers. The Dubai-based carrier said that it will make it easier for their Hindu customers to identify and request this option. Last week, the airlines had issued a statement stating that they are taking Hindu meal off the menu.
However, Emirates had made it clear that it will continue to offer veg and non-veg meals in accordance with religious beliefs of Indians. The Emirates' decision to discontinue Hindu meals in food options sparked a controversy and received criticism from social media users in India.
Based on feedback from customers, Emirates confirms we'll continue to provide Hindu meal option, to make it easier for our Hindu customers to identify & request this option: Emirates Airlines. The Airlines had earlier issued statement stating they are taking Hindu meal off menu. pic.twitter.com/skE9H2EG3l — ANI (@ANI) July 4, 2018
Updating………………..
For all the latest Business News, download NewsX App
Read More
An angry father rushed at Larry Nassar at the beginning of court Friday and had to be tackled by deputies. Nassar was in court for their third and final sentencing hearing.
Want to have a sad musical night in on Valentine's Day? You're in luck, because Ryan Adams' highly-anticipated new album Prisoner is streaming now via NPR, ahead of its official release on Friday. It's filled nearly top to bottom with songs about heartbreak—read: Adams' divorce from Mandy Moore—and more generally, the apocalypse.
Adams also announced on Twitter that the record is dedicated to late comedian and TV/film star Garry Shandling, showing off an inscription in the CD booklet:
#PRISONER is dedicated to Garry Shandling
A knowing laugh that became a most humbling teacher
We're here to be our true selves
Waste no time pic.twitter.com/zStJaLyLRd — Ryan Adams (@TheRyanAdams) February 14, 2017
Sound appetizing? Stream all 12 tracks of Prisoner below, and preorder the album here. Also, if you missed it, check out Adams' colorful interview on Marc Maron's WTF podcast from yesterday for some helpful background.
Splinter Everything Melania Trump Has Done for the Past 24 Hours Has Been Nuts | Adequate Man Do You Look At The Keyboard When…
Today 6:00pm
Madagascar protesters seek president's resignation
Hundreds of opposition activists in Madagascar on Tuesday called for the president to step down on a fourth straight day of anti-government protests in which at least two people have died.
Seven months ahead of presidential and legislative elections, the opposition accuses the regime of trying to elbow them out of the race through new electoral laws they claim benefit the incumbent.
They allege that the new laws could bar some candidates from standing in the presidential election.
Crowds gathered at a square in front of the capital Antananarivo's town hall asking President Hery Rajaonarimampianina to quit.
“Today we officially demand the resignation of the government, starting with you the president,” Hanitriniaina Razafimanantsoa, a leading protester said.
The crowd chanted back “Right now, right now, right now”.
Two people were killed and at least 16 people wounded on the first day of the protests on Saturday, which the president denounced as an attempted coup.
Authorities had declared the Saturday protest illegal, but about 1,000 opposition activists defied the order and security forces used tear gas to break up the gathering.
The large Indian Ocean island, which has been beset by decades of political instability, is due to hold polls in late November or December.
Elected in 2013, Rajaonarimampianina has not yet announced whether they will stand for re-election.
But two former heads of state have already said they would contest: Marc Ravalomanana, who was president from 2002 to 2009, and Andry Rajoelina, who removed Ravalomanana during a coup.
Both were barred from running in 2013 and their parties have been involved in the demonstrations.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
To the Editor:
“2 Homes for Sex-Trafficking Victims Struggle to Keep Residents Safe” (news article, Dec. 7) highlights the difficulty of working with girls in residential treatment centers. However, it fails to note that these facilities are too often dumping grounds for vulnerable and traumatized adolescents who have been repeatedly failed by the child welfare system.
Tragically, these “treatment” facilities often provide little treatment, particularly for sexually exploited girls, but instead further isolate them from their families and communities, too often for years on end. That these youths go “AWOL” to families and friends, and even their exploiters, should surprise no one. They crave meaningful, supportive connections, which are rarely available in the treatment centers.
Intensive, community-based wraparound services are a far better alternative for these youths, providing an opportunity to develop healthy long-term relationships and facilitating a transition to independent living. Without sufficient resources, residential treatment centers serve as a warehouse at best, and at worst as a pipeline into the criminal justice system. These youths deserve better.
DAWNE A. MITCHELL, NEW YORK
The writer is the attorney-in-charge for the Juvenile Rights Practice of the Legal Aid Society.
Agencies, Lucknow
Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav, facing a ‘political coup” by their son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, has rushed to Delhi to meet the Election Commission (EC) for derailing the efforts of Akhilesh to get the cycle election symbol.
Mulayam Singh Yadav, accompanied by their younger brother Shivpal Yadav and friend Amar Singh, have reached Delhi to meet Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) Nasim Zaidi at 1400 hrs. Before leaving for New Delhi, Mulayam ruled out their health woes. “You see, I am fit” The SP chief further claimed that the party's election symbol was their signature, hence there is no question of anyone getting it by holding an illegal meeting and toppling.
“I have made this party with strong dedication and hard work, but now some people are trying to throw me out. “Media ne hamesha mera sath diya hai, maine koi bhrashtachar ya galat kaam nahi kiya. Ilzaam laga bhi toh SC ne mujhe bari kiya hai (Media has always supported me. I have never done any corruption or wrong thing.
Once an allegation was made against me, but the Supreme Court had given me a clean chit),” they said. Earlier, Mulayam had also cancelled their proposed national convention here on January 5, after their son and UP CM put all spanners not to give permission to hold any meeting at the government venue.
The meeting was slated to be held at the Janeshwar Mishra Park, where a meeting was held yesterday to declare Akhilesh as the party's national president, removing Mulayam. Shivpal Singh Yadav, who was ousted by Akhilesh as the state party chief, today informed the media that the January 5 meet has been cancelled. However, they did not give any concrete reason for the cancellation.
The January 5 was called after Akhilesh was declared the SP's national president, in place of Mulayam. There were also reports that the state government had refused to give permission to hold a meeting at the Janeshwar Mishra Park. It seems that the rift is still not bridged as last night, even after Mulayam complained of high blood pressure, Akhilesh who stays at the adjoining bungalow, did not rush to see their father.
Akhilesh said, “Sometimes to protect the ones you love, you must make the right decision.What I did was a tough decision, but 1 had to take it for the betterment of the party and the party supporters”.
In the first salvo of the American and North Korean scale up war, one might argue that China encouraged NK to blow up their test rocket on launch and they would see that President Donald Trump keeps away from Tweeter and keeps their mouth shut. My guess is NK is waiting for Trump to boast about their ability to shut down the NK Test Schedule, and then they will set off an underground nuclear blast.
It looks like we just went through the first round of chicken in the USA and NK war. Surely, China is watching the many demonstrations of Trump disdain occurring across the United States. Hopefully, these anti-Trump domestic demonstrations will defrock Trump of their messianic illusion when they are appearing on the world scene.
The best thing for Trump to do on this Easter Sunday is to attend church service to pay homage to Jesus Christ the real messianic leader of the Christian Faith.
By Doug Nesbitt
In 1987, Canada Post management began to unroll a major privatization drive of post offices and elimination of door-to-door delivery. The plan aimed to privatize 3,500 rural post offices and close another 1,700 over a decade. This would allow the company to slash 4,200 union jobs. Canada Post also announced that no new residential areas would have door-to-door delivery. New “community mailboxes” would be installed, reducing the quality of service and cutting jobs.
While the press, politicians and business community backed Canada Post's plans, postal workers found substantial support among sections of the public opposed to the destruction of their local post offices, cuts to services, and job losses.
To achieve its goals, Canada Post needed to discipline and defeat its workforce which stood in the way of its plan. It was a tall order. Postal workers were among the most militant in the country having waged a series of major strikes since the famous 1965 wildcat which threw out the company union in favour of a militant democratic unionism.
In 1987, letter carriers and inside workers were in different unions with separate contracts. Although the Letter Carriers Union of Canada would later merge with the Canadian Union of Postal Workers in 1989, separate bargaining meant two disputes were brewing.
The LCUC strike
In June 1987, the LCUC launched rotating strikes against attempted rollbacks of job security and working conditions, and the imposition of community mailboxes and privatization of post offices. For the first time, letter carriers faced an effort by management to bring in strikebreaking scabs. Private security was also hired by management spy on, harass and intimidate workers.
A month before the strike, Prime Minister Brian Mulroney said they would not cross a picket line. But during the strike, they did just that, using their family as pawns by claiming they were crossing the picket line at 20 Bay Street in Toronto because of a previously scheduled visit to a childcare centre. Like so many other LCUC picket lines, pushing and shoving between police and pickets erupted and one worker shouted “You're a goddam phoney!”
The level of violence caused by the scabbing operation led to a public backlash against Canada Post management, forcing the government to weigh in and push for a negotiated settlement. The strike ended after 19 days, with letter carriers largely fending off the employer's attack. As letter carriers held their ground, Canada Post management also began introducing the “community mailbox” in new subdivisions.
The CUPW strike
In early October, CUPW began rotating strikes which shut down the sorting plants and depots. The central issue was job security and defeating management's plan to eliminate 4,200 union jobs in favour of low-wage contracted out work to private retail chains. Postal workers argued that Canada Post was abandoning its public service mandate enshrined in the Canada Post Corporation Act of 1981. The anger was such that in some areas like Montreal, workers struck “early” in defiance of the union leadership.
The rotating strikes were intended to minimize the violence experienced in the LCUC strike but once again Canada Post launched a major scabbing operation, leading to another wave of picket line violence which the letter carriers had experienced in June. Police forces across the country used immense violence against pickets by acting as management's personal army in supporting scabbing operations.
But with the scabbing largely failing, the Mulroney Tories stepped in with back-to-work legislation, Bill C-86. It was the government's third piece of strikebreaking back-to-work legislation in less than a year.
Whereas the 1978 back-to-work legislation against postal workers by Trudeau's Liberals led to CUPW president JC Parrott being jailed for refusing to order postal workers back to work, the Mulroney legislation established precedent-setting fines for individual workers and the union; fines so enormous they would destroy lives and financially ruin the union. Bill C-86 also went so far as to ban anyone convicted of violating the legislation from employment at Canada Post for five years, and also bar any convicted union members from running for union office. Bill C-86 was an incredibly authoritarian anti-democratic law.
Despite the legislation, the strike succeeded in saving numerous rural post offices, but not all. Canada Post ultimately got its way with contracting out non-union low-wage post offices to private industry. The origins of non-union Canada Post outlets in Shoppers Drug Mart, Rexall and other business began with this strike.
The Management Agenda
Before Canada Post became a financially independent crown corporation in 1981, Canada Post management had already gained a brutal reputation as bullies on the shopfloor while carrying out numerous strategies to keep wages down, speed up the job, and bring in new technology to cut jobs and undermine union strength. The old saying “management gets the union it deserves” holds true at Canada Post. It's why postal workers waged numerous legal and illegal militant strikes through the 1960s through to the 1990s.
With the federal government becoming tired of covering its deficits amidst constant labour strife, Canada Post was converted into a crown corporation. CUPW and LCUC had also campaigned for Canada Post to become a crown corporation to bring postal workers under more favourable labour legislation and to bargain directly with management instead of through the federal government. The Canada Post Corporation Act delivered a robust public service mandate, but this also included self-sustaining financial independence. This meant the postal service was effectively competing with private couriers.
Canada Post, as a crown corporation, was born with these two competing mandates as management tried to turn a profit while competing with private industry, and the public and the workforce aligning with its public service mandate. Political appointments and business pressure on Canada Post from the outside also reinforced management's embrace of the profit motive with all its dire consequences for its public service mandate and the workforce.
Public service or privatization
The 1987 strike was not just a continuation of management's long-standing desire to hold down wages and working conditions and undermine union strength, but also a profit-driven abandonment of public services. Closing thousands of rural post offices, privatizing postal outlets through contracting out services to private retailers, and putting an end to home mail delivery were all part of this project.
Thirty years later management's final solution has evolved into wholesale privatization. Canada Post management are deeply committed to this. Britain's Royal Mail was totally privatized in 2013 under the direction of a former Canada Post CEO Moya Greene. The current Canada Post CEO Deepak Chopra, sits on the board of a right-wing think tank, the Conference Board of Canada, which openly advocates for Canada Post privatization.
Meanwhile, the public is subjected to a relentless propaganda campaign waged by management, politicians and the media against “overpaid postal workers”, the “greedy union”, and a host of lies about “wasting taxpayer money”, and an imminent death due to the internet when in fact internet shopping is driving a record-setting explosion in parcel deliveries.
The struggle for democratic control of the public postal service continues today. The 1987 strikes show the lengths to which management and their political allies are willing to go, just as the postal workers showed the lengths we need to go in order to resist and win.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
Easton police on Tuesday morning raided two West Ward homes, making two arrests but failing to find the target of a weeks-long heroin sales investigation, according to Lt. Matthew Gerould.
Oris Barner, 33, who bounces around among several addresses, is the man police sought, Gerould said. Barner should be considered armed and should not be approached, they said. They will be charged with two counts of heroin delivery after recent Vice Unit buys, they said.
Police were looking for Barner at both addresses that were entered, Gerould said.
Barner is also wanted by Pennsylvania State Parole, Gerould said.
Pennsylvania State Police Special Emergency Response Team troopers served a warrant just after 6 a.m. on the first floor of 896 Wolf Ave., and city vice and Special Response Unit officers served a simultaneous warrant at 928 Spruce St., Gerould said.
Richard Moyer, 46, was arrested in the Spruce Street home and will be charged with possession of cocaine and possession of drug paraphernalia, Gerould said.
Cocaine, paraphernalia, a handgun and two rifles were seized from the Spruce Street home, Gerould said.
Kelsey Ravese, 28, was arrested in the Wolf Avenue apartment and will be charged by summons with possession of a small amount of marijuana, Gerould said. Ravese, speaking to a small child who walked out of the apartment with her, said, "I didn't do anything wrong. Nothing," before promising to be home soon.
A neighbor on North Ninth Street praised police after a K-9 searched in the Wolf Avenue apartment.
"I want to tell you guys you do a wonderful job," they said.
Anyone who knows where Barner might be is asked to call police at 610-759-2200 or on the department's tip line at 610-250-6635.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
NEW YORK (AP) — On college campuses and in workplaces, gender-neutral pronouns are more than just a new wave of political correctness. They're the focus of debate that stretches back hundreds of years.
University of Illinois language historian Dennis Baron says early pronoun scrappers were usually more concerned with grammatical correctness over a keen commitment to inclusivity in avoiding the generic "he" and singular "they" as a replacement.
In 1884, the invented pronoun "thon" was publicized by the coiner, C.C. Converse, as an expedient pronoun for all genders.
This time around, "they" and "them" seem to be winning the race of acceptance as gender neutrals. Baron says time will tell whether they're afforded broad acceptance.
New York lifeguard Chris Russo surveys the water on their last shift at Rainbow Beach yesterday.
New York lifeguard Chris Russo surveys the water on their last shift at Rainbow Beach yesterday. Renee Albrecht
INTERNATIONAL lifeguard Chris Russo has made water safety their business, and after being posted to Rainbow Beach they think it's time to have an open conversation about teaching it in Queensland primary schools.
In their two months on the Cooloola Coast, the New York lifeguard has rescued many adults and children and had to give first aid to several swimmers.
These statistics form part of the alarming number of rescues made in the summer holidays in Queensland, which add weight to warnings that school-aged children face a growing risk of drowning due to a decline in water skills.
From December 1, 2017 to January 15, this year, Surf Life Saving Queensland volunteers and paid lifeguards performed 954 rescues at Queensland beaches, new data reveals.
Mr Russo, who is a junior lifeguard instructor and swim trainer in the United States, said while lessons are not compulsory for school-aged children in their region, the culture in Australia lent itself to it much more.
Visiting New York lifeguard said working at Rainbow Beach "has been a two-month dream”. Renee Albrecht
"I think it's something that needs to be talked about - (swimming) is such a large part of the culture here.
"Australia is surrounded by coastline; that ocean will take people in seconds,” they said.
"I've heard all the horror stories over the years.
"It breaks your heart every time, it's usually pretty preventable.”
They said while they backed water safety, school lessons should be implemented in a way that respected the rights of individuals who might choose not to swim.
The push for swimming lessons should also include a push for beach safety lessons at schools, they said.
New York lifeguard Christopher Russo, who was finishing their posting at Rainbow Beach yesterday, checks out the stunning Cooloola Coastline at Double Island Point. Contributed
Teaching children how to read the water and identify tidal currents and rips would be a great preventative, they said, particularly if taught right before school holidays.
With four lifeguards responsible for patrolling a 60km stretch of beach across the Cooloola Coast in peak season, Mr Russo said the job had been vastly different to the large team they were used to working with on Long Island.
They said they had the utmost respect for the job that permanent lifeguards like Rainbow Beach's Liam Toohey performed daily.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – Eagles and Patriots fans are hard at work preparing for the big game on Feb. 4, so much so that even their pets are getting into the spirit!
As we wait for kickoff, WFLA's Daisy Ruth connected with Instagram fans from across the country to see just which team has the cutest four-legged friends.
From chocolate labs to pit bulls, fans are posting their adorable animals with footballs, signs and even dressing them up!
Check out some of our favorites from Instagram below. You can see all the adorable photos by clicking the video above! Which one is your favorite?
WASHINGTON (AP) — Transgender recruits will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, the Pentagon said, as President Donald Trump's ordered ban suffered more legal setbacks.
The new policy divulged Monday reflects the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand earlier this year to bar transgender individuals from the military.
Three federal courts have ruled against the ban, including one Monday in Washington state.
In October, U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly barred the Trump administration from proceeding with its plan to exclude transgender people from military service. Part of the effect of the ruling was that the military would be required to allow transgender people to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked Kollar-Kotelly to put the Jan. 1 date on hold while it appealed their full ruling but they declined Monday, reaffirming the Jan. 1 start date. The Department of Justice is now asking a federal appeals court to intervene and put the Jan. 1 requirement on hold.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that could make it difficult for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesperson, said the enlistment of transgender recruits will begin next month and proceed amid legal battles. The Defense Department also is doing a review, which is expected to carry into 2018.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
"Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards," Eastburn said.
Aaron Belkin, director of the California-based Palm Center, an independent institute that has conducted research on sexual minorities in the military, said the 18-month timeline is fair.
"It's a good standard because the Pentagon is treating gender dysphoria according to the same standards that are applied to all medical conditions," they said.
However, Elaine Donnelly, president for the Center For Military readiness, said Trump "has every right to review, revise, or repeal their predecessor's military transgender policies, which would detract from mission readiness and combat lethality." Court judges, they said, are not qualified to run the military.
The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
"The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms," said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. "That's really where the controversy will lie."
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but "under such onerous terms that practically there will be none." Carson, who worked for Ash Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
"It doesn't have any basis in science," they said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. "But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible."
Sarah McBride, spokesperson for Human Rights Campaign, praised the court's ruling, saying that it affirms "there is simply no legitimate reason to forbid willing and able transgender Americans from serving their country."
___
Associated Press Writer Jessica Gresko in Washington contributed to this report.
The need for students to learn about racism in American society existed long before I began teaching a course called “White Racism” at Florida Gulf Coast University earlier this year.
I chose to title my course “White Racism” because I thought it was scholarly and succinct, precise and powerful.
But others saw it differently. Many White Americans (and some people of color) became upset when they learned about this course.
Thousands took to social media and far-right news sites and racist blogs to attack the course and me personally.
Some 150 of these individuals sent me hateful and threatening messages.
It might be tempting to blame the hostility to my course on the current political climate, in which the president of the United States routinely makes overtly racist statements and receives some of their strongest support from members of White racist hate groups. But I cannot recall a time when scholarly critiques of White supremacy in the United States have not been met with scorn.
For instance, an identically titled course taught at the University of Connecticut also ignited controversy when it made its debut in the 1990s.
White racism is nothing new
Whether a course is titled “White Racism” or “The Problem of Whiteness” or any other appropriate term in no way diminishes the academic legitimacy of the course. Scholars have used the term for decades.
I've taught courses on racial stratification in the U.S. for nearly a decade. The course, and others like it, is anchored in a damning body of historical and contemporary scholarship. That scholarship shows that Europeans and their White descendants colonized what would become the United States as well as other places around the globe. They practiced all manner of inhumanity against non-whites. This has included genocide, slavery, murder, rape, torture, theft, chicanery, segregation, discrimination, intimidation, internment, humiliation, and marginalization. This is inarguable.
Most Americans may have a general awareness of the trans-Atlantic slave trade, Jim Crow laws, lynchings, housing and labor market discrimination, and police brutality. Where we differ is about the gravity and scope of these white racist practices and the extent to which their effects continue to this day.
This disagreement is due in large part to many White Americans (and more than a few folks of color) subscribing to what I and others refer to as the myth of a colorblind society.
The myth of a colorblind society crumbles underneath a substantial body of social science research.
This myth holds that the United States is a “post-racial” society, where race is no longer related to individuals' life chances. Some buy into this myth to the point where it prevents them from recognizing the everyday reality that the United States is white supremacist in nature.
But the myth of a colorblind society crumbles underneath a substantial body of social science research that documents how race still matters in numerous areas of American life. For instance, the evidence shows that race still matters in the labor market and workplace, education, and even in access to clean water. Race matters in health care, the criminal justice system, and even everyday retail and dining experiences.
Still, many refuse to believe that racism persists. They point to the civil rights legislation of the 1960s or, more recently, the election of Barack Obama as the 44th president of the United States, as evidence of the “end of racism” or, at least, the “declining significance of race.”
Some might suggest that it would be easier to talk about White racism if it were done in less inflammatory or offensive ways. Perhaps this delicate approach—one that takes into account what author Robin DiAngelo refers to in their forthcoming book as “White fragility”—might be desirable or necessary for those who are fearful of the consequences of speaking unvarnished truth on racial matters. But when it comes to professors who deal with racial stratification, we should not be whitewashing reality.
Can there be “Black racism”?
The most common complaint about my course that I've encountered thus far is that anybody can be racist. They ask indignantly: What about “Black racism”? Or what about other forms of racism they believe exist on the part of Latinos, Asian Americans, and Native peoples. My answer is: There is no such thing as Black racism.
I am in no way the only one who holds this view. As Eduardo Bonilla-Silva, president of the American Sociological Association, said here at FGCU recently when asked if it would be fair to have classes such as “Asian Racism” or “Latino Racism”: “We can all be prejudiced, yeah? So, Black people can be anti-White, but there is a big difference between having prejudiced views about other people and having a system that gives systemic privilege to some groups.”
There is no such thing as Black racism.
Indeed, Blacks did not develop and benefit from a centuries-old comprehensive system of racial oppression composed of laws, policies, practices, traditions, and an accompanying ideology—one that promotes the biological, intellectual, and cultural superiority of whites to dominate other groups. Europeans and their white descendants, however, did. This is systemic racism. And students in courses such as mine are introduced to the scholarship that attests to this reality, past and present.
For instance, students will read and discuss pieces by and about W.E.B. Du Bois, Eduardo Bonilla-Silva, Joe Feagin, Kimberlé Crenshaw, Charles Mills, Paul Butler, Nikki Khanna, and Derrick Bell, among many others. They will also do work that will strengthen their ability to identify and confront colorblind racist statements.
Public money for a public problem
Some detractors of my course have suggested that students stand a better shot at getting a good grade in my course if their racial politics align with my own. This is nonsense. If a student finds peer-reviewed empirical evidence counter to that covered in the course, I would welcome the opportunity to review it.
Agreeing with my take on racial matters doesn't impact a student's grade. Whether a student earns an A in any of my courses is entirely dependent on the quality of the work they produce.
White supremacy and White racism remain terrible and intractable features of American society.
Another criticism I've heard is that I am teaching a course titled “White Racism” at a public university at taxpayer expense. However, not only should my course and others like it be taught at public colleges and universities, they must be taught at such institutions.
Florida Gulf Coast University President Michael Martin has strongly and publicly supported my academic freedom to teach my “White Racism” course.
“Reviewing the course content is much more instructive than passing judgment based on a two-word title,” they said in a statement. “At FGCU, as at all great universities, we teach our students critical thinking skills by challenging them to think independently and critically about important, even if controversial, issues of our times.”
Indeed, White supremacy and White racism remain terrible and intractable features of American society. It is in the public interest that students be provided with not only an opportunity to learn about the origin, logic, and consequences of White racial domination, but also how to challenge and dismantle it. The public university classroom is among the best places for this to occur.
This article was originally published by The Conversation. It has been edited for YES! Magazine.
Boston College guard Ky Bowman will return to school for their junior year after deciding to withdraw from the NBA draft.
Bowman is the Atlantic Coast Conference's top returning scorer, averaging 17.6 points per game last year, when they were an honourable mention for the all-ACC team.
The 6-foot-1 North Carolina native says it was a good experience to go through the evaluation process and still dreams of playing in the NBA.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson answers questions during the daily briefing at the White House in Washington, DC, U.S. November 20, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
By Arshad Mohammed
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson holds a town hall with staff on Tuesday amid skepticism about their planned agency reorganization that has been aggravated by their recent inaccurate comments about the State Department, a dozen current and former officials said.
The embattled diplomat, who has endured repeated media speculation about how long they will last, appears under fire both from the White House and their own workers, who resent their embrace of a 30 percent cut to the department and planned reorganization.
Tillerson made erroneous statements about the top echelon of U.S. diplomats during a question-and-answer session after a Nov. 28 speech, misstating their title and ages at retirement.
"It's one of many things that show that the administration as a whole doesn't fundamentally understand what diplomacy can do and how it works," said Richard Boucher, a former department spokesperson and assistant secretary for South and Central Asia.
Boucher, one of six former officials interviewed, said the mistakes suggested Tillerson's staff did not consult widely enough or understand the issues themselves sufficiently to ensure they were well briefed.
Having served as spokesperson for five secretaries of state, Boucher said that in their day the department "went to enormous lengths to try to avoid making mistakes," and when it did, it sought to correct them "visibly, publicly and ... quickly."
Speaking on Nov. 28 at Washington's Wilson Center, a think tank, Tillerson repeatedly referred to the few U.S. diplomats who hold the highest personal rank of "career ambassador" as "career diplomats" rather than by their correct title.
They also said the four people with the title who stepped down this year had reached the age of 65 and retired. In fact, one was 55 and another 61 when they retired. Of the other two, one was 67 and the other 65, but neither was under an obligation to retire because of the presidential appointments they held.
Asked about the statements, a State Department spokesperson did not defend their accuracy but said Tillerson was responding to media reports suggesting a mass exodus from the agency.
"The secretary was speaking in general terms but responding to the narrative that people are leaving in droves. It is simply not true, and the numbers don't bear that out," the spokesperson said.
Tillerson has been criticized by diplomats and by members of Congress for their management of the agency and uncertainty over what they want to achieve with the reorganization.
Last month, a senior official overseeing the reorganization stepped down after less than four months.
"People think they (Tillerson) doesn't have much of a clue," said a serving State Department official, one of six who spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid retaliation, adding: "It sends the message that they don't understand the nuances."
(Reporting by Arshad Mohammed; Editing by Rosalba O'Brien and Leslie Adler)
TCU and No. 10 Texas Tech have two of the best offenses in the Big 12 Conference, but it will be defense that decides things when the teams play on Saturday in a key Big 12 Conference showdown at Schollmaier Arena in Fort Worth, Texas.
Texas Tech heads to Fort Worth after surviving Texas, 73-71, in overtime Wednesday in Lubbock. The Red Raiders got a career-high 38 points from Keenan Evans, who hit the game-winning step-back jumper with one second remaining.
Evans was the only Red Raider who scored in double figures and had double the points of Texas Tech's four other starters combined. Norense Odiase grabbed 11 rebounds to lead the Red Raiders in that department.
Evans is the first Texas Tech player to notch back-to-back 30-point games since Andre Emmett accomplished the feat on Dec. 18 and Dec. 21, 2002.
"Coach (Beard) is always on me about don't be afraid of the moment and go be the man," Evans said. "For that moment, I wanted to be that man for the team. I was paying attention to the clock. I walked up, I was looking across and they weren't in the zone so I made my move."
The win was the third in row for Texas Tech. The Red Raiders (18-4, 6-3 in Big 12 play) improved their winning streak in designated home games to 14-0 this season.
"We were fortunate enough to have the last possession, and then Keenan made a play," Texas Tech coach Chris Beard said. "Every time you win a Big 12 game, you take it in any fashion you can get it.
"I'm proud of our players. It wasn't pretty, but we showed a lot of grit and toughness especially in the first four minutes of the overtime. I'm pleased to win."
Evans scored 21 of their points during the second half and overtime. The 38 points are the most by a Texas Tech player since Mike Singletary racked up 43 points against Texas A&M on March 11, 2009, in the Big 12 Championships.
Breaking : Photos of AG President Osinbajo meeting with South East Govs and leaders of thoughts
The post Breaking : Photos of AG President Osinbajo meeting with South East Govs and leaders of thoughts appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OMG! Peter Ndambiri, Kenyan Deputy Governor Caught Sleeping With Another Man's Wife (Photos)
A Deputy governor in Kirinyaga, Kenya identified as “Peter Ndambiri” has become the subject of mass criticism from Kenyans after a video of them in a compromising situation emerged. The deputy governor, on Tuesday, April 24, received a heavy dress down from Kenyans for allegedly sleeping with a married woman. The deputy governor maintains that […]
The post OMG! Peter Ndambiri, Kenyan Deputy Governor Caught Sleeping With Another Man's Wife (Photos) appeared first on Ngyab.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OTTAWA — The man on trial for murdering three women in the Ottawa Valley two years ago told police they killed their three former acquaintances because they were not innocent.
Fifty-nine-year-old Basil Borutski confessed to police in an interview room at the Pembroke OPP detachment the day after the crimes in September 2015.
The video of that confession continued to be played in court Friday as part of Borutski's trial for first degree murder charges in the deaths of 66-year-old Carol Culleton, 36-year-old Anastasia Kuzyk and 48-year-old Nathalie Warmerdam.
Borutski said several times they make a distinction between murder and killing because the Bible does and that murder is killing someone or something that is innocent.
They said the women were guilty of lying about them to police and having them thrown in jail for things they didn't do.
Borutski is representing themselves at the trial but is refusing to participate, sitting in the prisoner's box facing forward with their eyes closed most of the time.
If your home is decked out in dazzling decorations this Christmas you could be in with a chance of winning £1,000 as Royal Mail begins its search for the UK's most festive home.
Whether you live in a bungalow or a flat, the Stop, Look, Glisten campaign is encouraging homeowners to transform their properties into magical award-winning grottos that even Santa Claus would be proud of.
Stop, Look, Glisten.
David Gold, Royal Mail spokesperson, said: “When it comes to an award-winning house, we're looking for originality, personality and festivity.
“Royal Mail has a footprint in communities across the UK and we enjoy all the brilliant and magical ways people celebrate Christmas.”
They added: “Light decorations are a particular favourite. That's why we decided to launch our Stop, Look, Glisten competition, to encourage people across the UK to take pride in their decorations and share them far and wide.”
The lucky winner will win £1,000 whilst the runners-up will receive a set of 50 Christmas stamps and a framed personalised image.
Do you live in the UK's most festive home?
But whilst the decorations go up, Royal Mail are reminding contestants not to blind their local postie with festive lights, and to stay safe.
“Whilst Christmas lights are a beautiful addition to our communities, it's important to remember to stay safe when decorating your house and take the appropriate precautions,” said Gold.
“Also, keep in mind how your decorations might impact those visiting you – especially your mail carrier or mail carrier!”
To be in with a chance of winning, send an image or video of your house to glisten@jpress.co.uk, upload your image/video on Twitter or Instagram including #ChristmasLights, @RoyalMail and @sunderlandecho, or visit www.facebook.com/RoyalMail.
The Stop, Look, Glisten competition closes midnight on Sunday, December 17, and the winner and runners-up will be announced week commencing December 18.
The usual terms and conditions apply to this competition. This Competition Notice should be read together with, and is in addition to, Johnston Press Plc's Competition/Prize Draw Terms and Conditions at: www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
New York Magazine published a profile of outgoing White House communications director Hope Hicks today, but it doesn't so much provide insight into the Trump administration's atypically press-shy PR chief as it does illuminate the persistent vipers' nest in which they managed to thrive for the better part of three years. Perhaps the 29-year-old comes off like such a cipher because they didn't actually grant writer Olivia Nuzzi an interview, instead letting over thirty other administration sources (both named and not) fill in the blanks on their White House tenure. That tenure ended poorly for Hicks, culminating in testimony before the House Intelligence Committee as well revelations that their then-rumored boyfriend and ex-White House staff secretary Rob Porter had been accused of domestic violence by two ex-wives.
The fallout from Porter/Hicks affair is a twisted psychodrama in and of itself. Nuzzi revealed that prior to photographs exposing Hicks's and Porter's affair appeared in the Daily Mail, Hicks had been followed by a paparazzi service called “Probe-Media” when they were out with Porter and a few other White House colleagues. It's unknown who actually hired the service to tail Hicks. The resulting photos led to two of Porter's ex-wives coming forward and accusing the 40-year-old of domestic violence, one of which released photos of the black eye they said Porter gave them Within the span of a month, their affair had been outed, the domestic abuse allegations against Porter had surfaced, Porter resigned, and about 30 more White House officials were revealed to be working without proper security clearances, including the president's son-in-law Jared Kushner.
According to Nuzzi's sources, Porter's downfall was believed to be a political hit job, in part, by Hicks's rumored ex-boyfriend and former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. From New York Magazine:
For as long as he'd been in politics, Lewandowski had been defined by two qualities: their ruthless pursuit of an enemy's destruction and always having an enemy. This was true even when it was small ball; in New Hampshire, they once fucked over a local official by claiming that their fantasy-football league, with a grand prize of $200, was an illegal gambling ring. By the time Lewandowski was done, the official had lost their job and was the subject of a criminal probe. There were plenty of reasons for Lewandowski to consider Porter their enemy. Whatever was or wasn't true about their relationship with Hicks, Lewandowski's unusual preoccupation with them was well established. “He has, sort of, Single White Male characteristics,” a source who had worked with Hicks before the campaign told me. In the fall, they began asking around, trying to figure out whom they were dating. “I think that they think they should control her,” a second source said. “He got wind that they were dating Porter, and they could not handle that,” a third source, who is close to the White House and worked with Lewandowski, said. “There were still raw feelings.”
Lewandowski, who happens to be a married father of four, has more in common with Porter than he'd probably care to admit. Like Porter, Lewandowski has a troubling history with women, including getting charged with battery after allegedly grabbing former Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields at a Trump rally in 2016 and a sexual assault accusation from singer and Trump supporter Joy Villa.
Although Hicks was caught in a love triangle between an alleged domestic abuser and a shameless sycophant desperate to claw their way into Trump's cabinet, their singular devotion seemed to rest on Trump himself. In Fire and Fury, author Michael Wolff wrote that staffers observed Hicks's and Trump's relationship as more of like a father and daughter, with the president calling their aide cutesy nicknames like “Hopie” and “The Hopester.” From Fire and Fury:
As telling, with their daughter and son-in-law sidelined by their legal problems, Hope Hicks, Trump's 29-year-old personal aide and confidant, became, practically speaking, their most powerful White House advisor. (With Melania a nonpresence, the staff referred to Ivanka as the “real wife” and Hicks as the “real daughter.”) Hicks' primary function was to tend to the Trump ego, to reassure him, to protect him, to buffer him, to soothe him. It was Hicks who, attentive to their lapses and repetitions, urged them to forgo an interview that was set to open the 60 Minutes fall season. Instead, the interview went to Fox News' Sean Hannity who, White House insiders happily explained, was willing to supply the questions beforehand. Indeed, the plan was to have all interviewers going forward provide the questions.
Nuzzi's profile bolsters the notion that Hicks caters to Trump's every whim, buffers them from bad news, and acts as a sort of surrogate memory for him:
While others were left wondering what the president was thinking, Hicks could often hear them shouting, even with their door closed. “Hope!” he'd scream. “Hopey!” “Hopester!” “Get in here!” Many requests were mundane. “He doesn't write anything down,” one source close to the White House told me. “He doesn't type, they dictate. ‘Take this down, take this down: Trump: richest man on Earth.' ” A second source who meets regularly with the president told me that Hicks acted almost as an embodiment of the faculties the Trump lacked — like memory. “He'll be talking, and then right in the middle he'll be like, ‘Hope, what was that … thing?' ” When the name of a senator or member of congress or journalist came up, Trump would prompt Hicks to provide a history of their interactions, asking, “Do we like him?” “And they fucking remembers!” (Trump has said their own memory is “one of the greatest memories of all time.”) “She's the only person they trust,” the second source continued. “He doesn't trust any men and never has. They don't like men, you see. They have no male friends. I was just with one of them the other day, someone who's described as one of their closest friends, and they don't know them very well. But a small number of women, including their longtime assistant back in New York, they really listens to them — especially if he's not banging them. Because, like a lot of men but more so, Trump really does compartmentalize the sex and the emotional part.”
Hicks is the kind of woman destined to rise in a Trump White House. She's beautiful, private, and was devoted to propping up the president's ego while making sure to stay out of the spotlight. They were more than happy to see the good in a powerful man who was pushing a cruel agenda that punishes the poor, immigrants, and people of color. They must have been getting something out of this arrangement over the past three years, presumably the notoriety of aiding a winning presidential campaign and the close proximity to one of the most powerful people in the world. Like most of their fellow Trump administration castoffs, Hicks leaves the White House with hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal debt, an implication in a criminal investigation, and their credibility in tatters.
Was it worth it?
DEWSBURY RAMS are out of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup, but coach Neil Kelly says they have gained a valuable insight into some of their players.
Kelly's Betfred Championship side fell at the first hurdle when they suffered a 25-18 upset at League One Whitehaven two days ago.
Michael Knowles suffered a stomach injury against Whitehaven. PIC: Paul Butterfield
Haven had lost their opening two league fixtures, but Rams could not recover from a poor start.
“It was disappointing, obviously,” Kelly reflected. “But though we lost, I made some changes and I have found out a lot about the fringe players or those pushing for a place in the first team.
“From a coaching point of view it was quite a good exercise, but from a club point of view it's disappointing we are out of the Cup.”
Kelly insisted: “I thought the players we went with were more than capable of winning the game and they proved that during the game, but too often we allowed Whitehaven to slow the game down with the aid of the referee.
“I think we suffered in Cumbria the way a lot of visiting teams do by not getting mentally prepared.
“I think one or two people failed to respect Whitehaven and that's why we travelled back feeling a bit silly and humbled.”
Michael Knowles suffered a stomach injury and Robbie Ward, Sam Day and Dom Speakman also picked up “knocks”.
OPINION: WE are still a long way from the peak in the investment cycle. There is little sign of economic excess globally: underlying inflation is low; spare capacity remains; there is no sign of overinvestment; credit growth is modest; monetary conditions are not tight; share market valuations are okay; and investors are not euphoric.
Introduction
It's now a decade since the first problems with US sub-prime mortgages started to appear and nearly eight years since share markets hit their global financial crisis lows. From those lows in 2009 lows US shares are up 239%, global shares are up 167% and Australian shares are up 80% (held back by relatively higher interest rates, the absence of money printing, the plunge in commodity prices from their 2011 highs and the high $A). An obvious question is how close the next downturn is, which ultimately relates to where we are in the investment cycle.
The long US cyclical bull market
Where we are in the investment cycle is particularly pertinent in relation to the US. The cyclical bull market in US shares that started in March 2009 will be eight years old in March. It's the second longest cyclical bull market since World War Two in terms of time and the third strongest in terms of percentage gain. See the next table.
Cyclical bull markets in US shares since WW2
I have applied the definition that a cyclical bull market is a rising trend in shares that ends when shares have a 20% or more fall (ie, a cyclical bear market). Source: Bloomberg, AMP Capital.
Similarly, according to the US National Bureau of Economic Research the current US economic expansion that started in June 2009 at 92 months old is the fourth longest since 1929 and compares to an average expansion of 70 months. With the US cyclical bull market and economic expansion both now long in the tooth, some fear that US shares are vulnerable to another bear market and by implication given the direction setting influence of the US share market, global and Australian shares would be vulnerable too. A related concern is that, with the US economic expansion already longer than normal, any stimulus that President Trump may provide risks overheating the US economy and much higher interest rates which could bring on a bear market.
The investment cycle
The next chart shows a stylised version of the investment cycle where the thick grey line represents the economic cycle.
Source: AMP Capital
A typical cyclical bull market in shares has three phases:
Scepticism – Phase 1 normally starts when economic conditions are still weak and confidence is poor, but smart investors start to see value in shares helped by ultra easy monetary conditions, low interest rates and low bond yields.
Optimism – Phase 2 is driven by strengthening profits as economic growth turns up and investor scepticism gives way to optimism. While monetary policy may start to tighten, it is from very easy conditions and will remain easy as inflation remains low. Therefore, bond yields may drift higher but not enough to derail the cyclical bull market in shares.
Euphoria – Phase 3 sees investors move from optimism to euphoria helped by strong economic and profit conditions which pushes shares into overvalued territory. Meanwhile, strong economic conditions drive signs of economic excess – overinvestment, full capacity utilisation, surging private sector debt, high and surging inflation – which forces central banks to move into tight monetary policy, in turn pushing bond yields significantly higher. The combination of overvaluation, investors being fully loaded up on shares and tight monetary policy sets the scene for a new bear market.
Typically the bull phase lasts 3-5 years. But it varies depending on how quickly recovery precedes, excess builds up, inflation rises and extremes of overvaluation and investor euphoria appear. As a result “bull markets do not die of old age but of exhaustion”.
So where are we now in the investment cycle?
So right here the big question is: are we in the “euphoria” phase that ultimately leads to the “exhaustion” of the cyclical bull market in shares and the next bear market? The best way to look at this is to look at economic conditions, monetary conditions, share market valuation and investor sentiment and positioning:
Firstly, in terms of economic conditions it's hard to argue we are in the “euphoria” phase. There are few signs of economic excess:
While headline inflation is rising globally this largely reflects the bounce in oil prices. Core inflation in major countries ranges between zero (Japan) to 1.7% (US), i.e. far from out of control.
After years of below trend growth globally, spare capacity still remains and this will constrain core inflation. Similarly wages growth remains depressed even in the US (at around 2.5% year on year) despite a tighter labour market.
Source: Bloomberg, AMP Capital
There is no sign of overinvestment globally – in fact there has been too little investment. While the US recovery is further advanced, even here business investment (excesses in which preceded the tech wreck) and residential property investment (excesses in which preceded the GFC) are around or below their long term averages relative to GDP.
Source: Thomson Reuters, AMP Capital
Overall private sector debt growth is modest in most countries (except for corporate debt in the US and China).
Secondly, global monetary conditions remain easy and in the absence of broad based excess (in growth, debt, or inflation) look likely to remain so. Yes the Fed is likely to hike rates more aggressively this year but it's still from a very easy base and other central banks (including the RBA) are either on hold or easing. So a shift to tight money that brings an end to the economic cycle looks a fair way off.
Thirdly, share market valuations are mostly okay. Sure, measured in isolation against their own history shares are no longer cheap. In fact, forward price to earnings multiples in the US and Australia are above long term averages. However, once the gap between share market earnings yields and still low bond yields is allowed for, shares are fair value to cheap depending on the market (next chart).
Source: Bloomberg, AMP Capital
Fourthly, while short term investor sentiment is excessively bullish long term measures of positioning are not. In the US the huge investor flows into bond funds over the last few years have yet to reverse in favour of shares. In Australia sentiment towards shares as a wise destination for savings remains low and investors still prefer bank deposits. No euphoria here.
Source: Westpac/Melbourne Institute, AMP Capital
Finally, while the US cycle is more advanced, it could be argued that the 19% fall in US shares in mid-2011 was a bear market. So the bull market in US shares is perhaps not so old after all! Moreover, major non-US share markets and Australian shares did have a bear market in both 2011 and 2015-16 so their cyclical bull markets are not old at all. In this regard European and Japanese share markets are relatively attractive thanks to cheaper valuations and still dovish central banks.
Overall, we are still not seeing the signs of excess, euphoria and exhaustion that typically come at cyclical economic and share market peaks. So barring some sort of external shock, the cyclical bull market in shares looks like it still has further to go – particularly if global economic growth returns to more normal levels which in turn will help earnings.
With regard to any Trump fiscal stimulus, this analysis suggests there is still a bit of room for it before it causes the US economy to overheat. Particularly if the US dollar continues to trend higher, which takes some off the pressure of the Fed to raise rates. In any case it's looking likely that fiscal stimulus in the US won't hit till late this year and will unlikely to be more than 1% of US GDP given the constraints Congress is likely to impose. In fact the focus is more likely to be on providing a boost via economic reforms – deregulation, tax reform and inducements to invest – rather than traditional stimulus.
Investment implications
First, while corrections should be anticipated – with Trump and upcoming Eurozone elections being potential triggers – we still appear to be a long way from the peak in the investment cycle.
Second, non-US share markets and economies – notably Japan and Europe – are less advanced in their cycles and so provide opportunities for investors.
By Dr Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy and economics and chief economist at AMP Capital.
Australian Property Journal
GAUHATI, India — A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses.
The survey, carried out Sunday at the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, showed 102 one-horned rhinos now living in the park, up from 93 during the last count, in 2012, said Pradipta Baruah, a forestry officer who supervised the census.
“Our efforts at conserving the rhino have paid off,” Baruah said by phone.
The reserve, which is just 38 square kilometres (15 square miles), is outside of the Assam state capital, Gauhati. India's Kaziranga National Park, also in Assam, is the main home of the one-horned rhino, with more than 2,000.
More than 20 rangers were involved in the count, traversing the park's forests, grasslands and wetlands on seven domesticated Asiatic elephants.
“The animals looked carefree in the wilds, lazing around shrubs and grasslands,” said ranger Mukul Tamuli.
Six rhinos have been poached in Pobitora since 2012, officials said, and 20 died of natural causes.
All of the world's five rhino species are under threat from poachers who sell their horns on black markets, often in countries where rhino horn is believed to increase male potency.
The Latest on three juveniles being injured in bear mauling near Anchorage (all times local):
3:45 p.m.
Three juveniles were mauled Wednesday after coming across a grizzly bear and their two cubs while they were hiking in a heavily wooded area just north of Alaska's largest city.
Anchorage authorities said four young people were hiking in the woods around the Eagle River campground when three of them were injured after running into the bears. Police say three juveniles were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. The other youth wasn't injured.
Ken Marsh is the spokesperson for the Alaska Department of Fish and Game. They say it's possible this group just surprised the bears, and the mother reacted "defensively, pretty much in brown bear fashion."
The search for the bears has been called off. Officials will put up signs warning people of bear activity in the area.
———
1:57 p.m.
Three hikers have been injured following a run-in with a bear at a campground near Alaska's largest city.
Anchorage authorities say four young people were hiking in the woods around the Eagle River campground when three of them were injured by a grizzly bear with two cubs. They were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Anchorage police said in a news release say that while responding officers were searching for the hikers they were charged by the bear and shot at it. The bear's status was not immediately known.
BENNINGTON, Vt. — Six months after Hurricane Maria swept across Puerto Rico, the island is still in the process of rebuilding, with some families still living without roofs to shelter them from the rain. Five local students are part of a group of Vermonters that means to do something to help.
The five students, Matt Mould, Vinnie Redcross, Tyler Prouty, Will Secoy, and Sienna McFaline, are all enrolled in the Southwest Vermont Career Development Center. Mould, Redcross, Prouty, and Secoy are part of the Building Trades program, and McFaline is in the Video Production program. They will be joined by CDC assistant director Meg Honsinger and Building Trades assistant instructor Rich Ryder. The group will leave on Saturday and return next Sunday.
Sending the students has been a group effort between Jim Goodine of the Building Trades Corporation, which as been instrumental throughout the years in helping the Building Trades department at the CDC find community projects that the students can participate in to hone their skills, and the Bennington Area Habitat for Humanity, which has worked with the Building Trades students on several builds and projects in recent years. In total, Goodine and Habitat for Humanity raised over $12,000 for this trip.
Also joining the group will be Ryan Scutt of Catamount Access Television, who worked with Goodine on videos to help raise money for the trip. They and McFaline are each working on documenting the trip, and will each produce documentaries of their experiences, which they will share with the community upon their return. Scutt, who said they will also be helping at the build sites, said that they hope to also produce several short pieces, including interviews, that will run on CAT-TV.
The students will work on sites in Las Marias, which is about two hours from the capital of San Juan and just inland of the island's western coast. Honsinger said that Goodine had flown there earlier in the week to get everything set up. The students will be staying in a church for at least the first two nights.
“Maria, as you know, was one of the most devastating hurricanes that we've seen in recent times,” said Goodine in one of the CAT-TV videos. “The situation there is not improving very fast. We're taking a group of about 20 people from Bennington…. For folks that would like to know more about it, we're going to be doing a series of videos in order to show people what our progress is and the things that we're doing there in terms of re-building, maybe getting some new roofs on, pressure washing, painting, and trying to get things cleaned up.” Honsinger said on Thursday that the number is now closer to 30 people.
“It's great for the kids to experience working with people from around the world,” said Honsinger, who said that they were nervous, but excited, about making the trip, feelings that they saw mirrored in the students when they spoke with them earlier in the week.
“It's incredible,” said CDC Director Michael Lawler. “When Jim Goodine first talked about it, we thought, what an amazing opportunity for the students.” They said that some of the students have never left Bennington, let alone flown off the continental U.S. “The students are very excited about this, and committed.”
Scutt said that spending a week in Puerto Rico, especially the parts worst affected by Hurricane Maria, will be a new experience for the students. “We might not have power, the living conditions will be very unlike what they're used to. But that's what people in Puerto Rico are dealing with on a daily basis. People tend to take those things for granted.”
——
Online: http://bit.ly/2FUQPuw
——
Information from: Bennington Banner, http://www.benningtonbanner.com
Catapult, a leading digital transformation consulting company, today announced that Terri Burmeister has been promoted to president of the organization, effective immediately. As president, they will have responsibility for day to day operations, developing new business and building strategic partnerships. Catapult's current CEO, David Fuess , will remain in their role but will focus their energy on directing company strategy and vision for the company's global expansion.
Ms. Burmeister is a 10-year veteran of Catapult, joining the company in 2007 as Florida General Manager, and most recently serving as Vice President, Sales.
"Over the last decade, Terri has built an impressive track record of strategic and operational accomplishments," said David Fuess , Catapult's Chief Executive Officer. "Terri has been a vital and visible part of Catapult's success, and I am thrilled to be able to recognize their tireless efforts with this new leadership role. Them wealth of experience is a valuable asset as we continue to accelerate our growth and transformation into a modern digital solutions provider."
"This is an extremely exciting time for Catapult, with the success of our digital solutions and the launch of our global expansion," said Terri Burmeister , Catapult's new president. "I am humbled by the confidence that Catapult has shown in my leadership abilities and thrilled to be part of this amazing team."
Prior to joining Catapult in 2007, Terri spent 14 years in various sales and leadership roles at Software Architects, acquired by Sogeti. Terri has over 23 years of leadership expertise in the IT services industry. They have spent the last ten years strengthening an alignment with Microsoft and expanding and developing the Catapult sales organizations across the United States. They have a degree in Merchandising and Business Management from The University of Wisconsin-Stout .
Catapult Systems is a modern digital solutions and services firm that specializes in emerging and business-critical technologies for large and mid-size organizations. We imagine, build and sustain IT-enabled business solutions that people love to use. Recognized as the 2016 Microsoft Partner of the Year (U.S.), Catapult specializes in digital transformation and cloud-based technologies. Catapult has offices in Austin , Dallas , Denver , Houston , Phoenix , San Antonio , Tampa and Washington, D.C.
Press Contact: Jessica Cowan Marketing Communications Manager Catapult Systems 512-605-3903
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/catapult-appoints-veteran-executive-as-president-of-operations-300473595.html
SOURCE Catapult Systems
http://www.catapultsystems.com www.inquisite.com
(Bloomberg) — The owner of fashion brand Stuart Weitzman Holdings LLC was sued by a footwear executive who alleged they were sexually harassed by the company's recently departed creative director, Giovanni Morelli.
The executive, Thomas Gibb, claimed in a lawsuit filed in Manhattan state court on Tuesday that they endured “numerous unwanted touchings and endless comments” from Morelli, and the conduct continued despite a complaint to human resources.
The suit names Morelli and Tapestry Inc. as defendants.
A company spokesperson said Tuesday that Tapestry launched an investigation after being contacted by counsel for Gibb, which resulted in Morelli leaving the firm. A representative for Morelli couldn't immediately be contacted.
FILE PHOTO: A Muslim man kneels on Broadway Ave. as they take part in afternoon prayers during an "I am Muslim Too" rally in Times Square, Manhattan, New York, U.S. February 19, 2017. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/File Photo
BOSTON (Reuters) - Hate crimes targeting U.S. Muslims rose 15 percent in 2017, the second year of increases, according to a study released on Monday by advocacy group the Council on American-Islamic Relations.
The group recorded 300 U.S. hate crimes targeting Muslims last year, ranging from the June beating of a Muslim man in the Bronx borough of New York City by attackers who called them a terrorist to a November incident when a Muslim family's Kansas restaurant was burned down. That was up from 260 in 2016.
CAIR attributed the increase in part to the policies of U.S. President Donald Trump, particularly restrictions on immigration from Muslim-majority countries.
"There has been nothing like this ever, for the Muslim community to be regularly the punching bag of the president of the United States," said Gadeir Abbas, an attorney with CAIR.
Responding by email to a request for comment, White House spokesperson Kelly Love said, "The Trump Administration stands for the rule of law and abhors all forms of lawlessness including hate crimes."
"President Trump has repeatedly condemned violence, racism and hate groups."
As a candidate, Trump promised "a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States." Soon after taking office they signed an executive order banning most travelers from several Muslim-majority countries. A revised version of that order, which also included North Korea, took effect late last year.
Trump drew criticism in November for retweeting anti-Muslim videos posted by a far-right British political group.
The 300 hate crimes were a slice of the 2,599 incidents CAIR logged as representing anti-Muslim bias in 2017, a figure that was up 17 percent from 2016. The larger total included harassment, employment discrimination and times when Muslims were subjected to what CAIR recorded as biased treatment by government agencies including the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Customs and Border Protection.
More than one-third of the incidents involved federal agencies, CAIR said, adding, "This represents an almost unprecedented level of government hostility toward a religious minority within the United States."
CAIR said its lawyers investigated 5,650 reported anti-Muslim incidents and concluded that slightly less than half of them were authentic.
The group's count of hate crimes targeting Muslims is lower than the FBI's, which recorded 307 anti-Islamic hate crimes in 2016, the most recent year for which it has released data.
Last year's report measured a 44 percent increase in hate crimes into 2016 from 2015.
(Reporting by Scott Malone)
Getty Image
Joss Whedon has dipped their toes in both the Marvel and DC cinematic/extended universes, with The Avengers and Avengers: Age of Ultron for the former and Justice League for the latter. Their relationship with DC was supposed to continue with a Batgirl movie, but in February, they left the project after realizing they “really didn't have a story.” That's was Whedon's explanation at the time, at least, but while speaking on the red carpet for Avengers: Infinity War, the Buffy the Vampire Slayer creator opened up about their departure.
“It had been a year since I first pitched the story,” they told Variety. “A lot happened in that year, and I felt some of the elements might not work as well. The story sort of crumbled in my hands. There were elements that I just hadn't mastered.” Whedon also admitted that they aren't telling the “exact truth” with their initial statement: they did have an idea for the movie, but it “didn't fit in the space that was left for it. It was a little heartbreaking because I was so excited for it.”
There's a lot that's being left unsaid — is the “a lot” that happened a reference to their personal life, or did the ever-expanding DC Extended Universe blow past the point where their Batgirl idea was no longer feasible? Or maybe both?
Either way, Barbara Gordon is getting the big-screen treatment, while it's unclear what Whedon's next film will be. But it won't have anything to do with Wonder Woman following the backlash to their “surprisingly terrible” leaked script. Whedon has a different take on the outrage, though. “People say that it's not woke enough,” they said. “I think they're not looking at the big picture. It's easy to take one phrase out of context. Not that I was the most woke individual that ever lived at that time ten years ago, but I was in there swinging and the movie has integrity and the characters have integrity and I stand by it.”
Joss Whedon explains why they left the "Batgirl" movie (Watch) https://t.co/tIV7Qvsnen pic.twitter.com/yjJ2F7CqAj — Variety (@Variety) April 24, 2018
Hall served last season as a graduate assistant for the Phoenix, helping with practices and handling travel arrangements for the club.
The Murfreesboro native played two seasons at UT-Martin before transferring to Cumberland, earning NAIA third team All-America honors in both campaigns. The former Blackman High School standout averaged 15.3 points, three assists and 1.9 steals as a junior and posted 12.3 points, 3.5 rebounds, three assists and 1.7 steals as a senior.
Hall garnered first team All-Mid-South Conference and Academic All-Mid-South accolades in both years and was an NAIA Scholar-Athlete as a senior.
The Phoenix finished 16-13 and 18-12 in their two seasons as the point guard, reaching the NAIA Championships both years, including a 56-51 upset of fourth-ranked Bethel in 2016.
Hall earned All-District 7-AAA and all-district tournament honors as a junior and senior for coach Chad Hibdon at Blackman High and was named a top 50 senior in Tennessee by Rick Bolus' High School Potential Basketball Recruiting Service. The Blaze reached the TSSAA State Tournament their senior campaign, finishing the season 24-6 overall.
They spent two seasons at UT-Martin, reaching the NCAA Tournament in both seasons. They played in 26 games as a first-year student but just 13 as a sophomore, backing up All-America guards Heather Butler and Jasmine Newsome.
Hall earned their bachelor's in sports management at Cumberland and is currently working on their master's in business administration at CU.
LAWRENCE, Kan. — Kansas forward Udoka Azubuike withdrew their name from the NBA draft on Wednesday, choosing to return for their junior season after participating in the combine.
The 7-footer from Nigeria started 34 games last season, averaging 13 points and seven rebounds. They shot 77 per cent from the field, a Big 12 record and the best mark in the nation.
Azubuike is a traditional back-to-the-basket big man, and scouts have wondered how their skills would transfer to the NBA. The league's up-tempo pace and the value placed on big men who can shoot from outside go against their strengths, and developing an outside shot will likely be an emphasis at Kansas.
Azubuike said in a statement that they received “good feedback from many sources around the NBA over the last month.” They did not hire an agent and had until Wednesday's deadline to withdraw.
——
More AP college basketball: http://www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Easton police arrested a wanted drug suspect Wednesday afternoon after shutting down a portion of the South Side to look for him.
Calvin Williams, 31, of Newark, was wanted following a drug raid May 23 at 1050 W. Berwick St., about one mile from where police were searching Wednesday.
Lt. Matthew Gerould said a police surveillance team spotted Williams on Wednesday morning in the neighborhood, when they ran into an unoccupied and unlocked house at 267 W. Nesquehoning. Officers entered the house and eventually found Williams hiding inside, and they were arrested.
No one was injured, police said.
Police were searching a two-block radius between Davis and St. John streets and West Nesquehoning and West St. Joseph streets. Officers shut down the streets to traffic and told residents to stay inside.
That order was lifted at about 12:55 p.m.
MORE: Alleged gunman in Easton American Legion bar shooting arrested
Williams was already facing charges from May 21 related to what police said was a possible "stash house" for heroin operating out of a first-floor apartment at the Berwick Street address. Gerould wouldn't say if Williams could face additional charges related to Wednesday's chase. The investigation is continuing, they said.
A woman who lives next door on West Nesquehoning said police searched their home because they got a cellphone ping from the location.
The ping could have come from the other half of the duplex but police told them Williams could have gotten into their home from the other side, they said.
"I had to leave work for this?" they said.
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Check out the Register's photos from an exciting night of boys basketball games in Orange County.
We have photos of the great plays on the court and the spirited fans in the stands from Trabuco Hills vs. Tesoro and Esperanza vs. Yorba Linda.
On April 3, 2017, a local junior curler got the experience of a lifetime. 11 year old Rayel Piquette, of the Cold Lake Curling Club, along with another junior curler from Leduc, escorted Team Japan onto the ice at the Ford World Men's Curling Championship as an Honorary Team Member.
At every curling event on the Season of Champions schedule, junior curlers associated with clubs in the region can apply to be a Junior Star, a program run in conjunction with Curling Canada. For this event applicants were required to answer, in 50 words or fewer, a simple question “Why would you like to be an Honorary Team Member with one of the teams at the Ford World Men's Curling Championship?
Rayel, along with 23 other junior curlers from across the Northern Alberta Curling Association, was chosen to be an Honorary Team Member of one of the twelve world qualifier curling teams. The prize package included a chance to meet the team, observe their pre-game practice from ice-level and take part in the pre-game ceremony.
According to Rayel, meeting Team Japan and being able to watch the pre-game practice was the best part of the experience. Other highlights were the tour of TSN's production area beneath the curling rinks and the souvenirs which included a Team Japan jersey from their skip, Yusuki Morozumi, and a new, autographed curling broom.
Kudos for Dangote's sponsorship of festival
Indigenous conglomerate Dangote Industries Ltd has been commended for sponsoring the maiden African Food festival, Calabar, Cross River State.
At the event held last weekend, the governor, Professor Ben Ayade, joined participants at the festival to laud the exemplary attitude of the Dangote Group in sponsoring the event.
The Governor, who was represented by their wife, Dr. Linda, declared the food festival open.
They said with the African Food festival replacing the now rested Children's Carnival, Dangote Group has stepped in as the pioneer sponsor of the event.
This, Ayade said, proved that the Group is truly committed in partnering all stakeholders for a better Nigeria.
Prof. Ayade explained that the food festival was to bring together various cuisines in Africa as the continent is very rich in tasty cuisines.
They added that through the partnership of the sponsors, cuisines from different nations have been gathered in Calabar, urging all present to savour the taste of the cuisines available.
Convener of African Food festival, Calabar, Senator Florence Ita-Giwa, said the food festival was aimed at uniting all tribes in continental Africa through their respective cuisines.
They said the maiden food festival was to showcase African dishes and culinary skills, adding that Cross River State is very rich in dishes.
Ita-Giwa commended Dangote Group for its partnership, which enabled the festival to become a reality.
They said since the cessation of Children's Carnival, Dangote Group stopped participating in Calabar Carnival, but with the introduction of Food festival, the Group is back.
They described Dangote Group as a leader in the food industry with subsidiaries as Dangote Flour, Dangote Sugar, NASCON and Dansa as proven leaders in their respective sectors.
The Convener also called on industries and investors to take advantage of the abundance of food and cuisines in Cross River and invest in the state.
Investing in the state, according to her, will add values and create more jobs. They particularly called on investors to invest in food processing and preservative plants as the raw materials are readily available.
Participants in the food festival included the Republic of Benin and Ghana, Hausa, Ibo, Yoruba, Market Women, Cross River State.
The post Kudos for Dangote's sponsorship of festival appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The increase in the Fed's short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers. The Fed foresees one additional rate hike this year but gave no hint of when that might occur.
The overarching message the Fed sent Wednesday was an upbeat one: It believes the U.S. economy is on firm footing as it enters its ninth year of recovery from the Great Recession, with little risk of a recession. Though the economy is growing only sluggishly and though inflation remains chronically below the Fed's 2 percent target, it foresees improvement in both measures over time.
And the most important pillar of the economy — the job market — remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level the Fed associates with full employment.
The Fed's decision to raise rates, announced in a statement after its latest policy meeting, was approved 8-1, with Neel Kashkari, head of the Fed's Minneapolis regional bank, dissenting in favor of holding rates unchanged.
The announcement that the Fed plans to begin paring its balance sheet later this year — “provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated” — involves its enormous portfolio of Treasury and mortgage bonds. The Fed began buying the bonds after the Great Recession to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion.
On Wednesday, the Fed said it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process. This process could put upward pressure on long-term borrowing rates.
The Fed would start with monthly reductions in Treasury holdings of no more than $6 billion and $4 billion in mortgage bonds. Those figures would rise in increments over a year until they reached $30 billion a month in Treasurys and $20 billion in mortgage bonds.
“With the Fed stating its intentions to start reducing the size of the balance sheet this year, it is offering a clear vote of confidence for the economy,” said Curt Long, chief economist of the National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions.
The Fed also issued updated economic forecasts that showed it foresees one additional rate increase this year to follow Wednesday's increase and an earlier rate hike in March.
The rate forecast, based on individual projections from each member, envisions three more rate hikes in 2018 and three more in 2019. By then, the Fed's forecast would put its key policy rate at 3 percent. That's the level the Fed believes is a neutral rate — neither stimulating growth nor restraining it.
But the Fed's forecasts are only predictions and are frequently revised as its assessments evolve. Some economists suggested that even though the Fed foresees one more rate hike this year, the persistently low inflation may lead it to leave rates alone until 2018. Some also note that political paralysis in Washington has raised doubts about whether Congress will increase the nation's borrowing limit and pass a new budget. That possibility, too, could lead the Fed to wait.
Another rate hike this year is “becoming less of a sure thing as every month of data comes out,” said Michael Dolega, senior economist at TD Economics. If inflation doesn't pick up, they said, the Fed will find that raising rates and reducing its balance sheet is “going to be a difficult maneuver.”
The Fed's revised forecasts reduced its estimate for unemployment by year's end to 4.3 percent from a March projection of 4.5 percent. Unemployment has already reached a 16-year low of 4.3 percent.
The Fed kept forecast for economic growth this year of 2.2 percent, up slightly from its March forecast, with growth of 2.1 percent in 2018 and 1.9 percent in 2019. Those forecasts are far below the 3 percent annual growth the Trump administration has said it can achieve through tax cuts, deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade rules to protect American jobs.
The central bank updated its inflation projections to take account of a slowdown. It forecast that prices will rise just 1.6 percent this year, down from a March forecast of 1.9 percent. The Fed still foresees prices, as measured by a gauge tied to consumer spending, rising 2 percent in 2018 and 2019, achieving its target.
President Donald Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the vacancies. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairperson's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more “hawkish” stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, “doves” favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term.
___
AP Economics Writer Paul Wiseman contributed to this report.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's their hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon themselves to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing their own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actor Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share their very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian themselves has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing their response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping they hold onto this edgy new style for a while.
Melaye: Nobody Can Undermine My Leadership in Kogi APC
By Yekini Jimoh in Lokoja
Senator Dino Melaye representing Kogi West senatorial district in the National Assembly has said nobody can undermine their leadership in the Progressives Congress (APC) in Kogi State as they debunked all negative insinuations against their person and their position in the APC.
They made this known in their country home at Ayetoro-Gbede at the weekend during the distribution of empowerment materials worth over N200 million where many of the constituents benefited.
“There are so many unnecessary comments and rhetoric; some elements have been making noise around. As far as APC is concerned in the state, we are in charge, and I am not boasting.
“The governor of Kogi State cannot undermine me in the state neither can anybody undermine me in APC in the state, and I say this with every sense of responsibility and humility.
“I am the only member of the Board of Trustees of APC in the state, even the state governor is not a member, and I am also a member of the executive council of the APC.”
They added: “They said since I got into office, I have not done anything and that I do not even have a secretariat; that is fallacious as I am the only Senator in the Federal Republic of Nigeria who is actually building a permanent structure as an office complex that will be inaugurated in few days from now.”
They added that people were merely wasting their time talking about factions, support or no support, saying when they get to that bridge, they shall cross it.
They said before now, they were a colonel, stating that now, they are a general, and no small politician can fight him, as they admonished their followers not to be perturbed by what they hear because they do not blab or talk for nothing.
The senator opined that their motion for the conversion of Kabba College of Agriculture to a Federal University of Agriculture has passed through the first reading, adding that very soon, the school would be sited in Kabba.
They said since they were elected senator, they had attracted constituency projects of two blocks of classroom each in the seven local government area as well as two town halls in Kogi and Ijumu Local Government Areas.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
For gamers, 2016 was the year of VR. But now that the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift and PlayStation VR are already on the market, with an ever-growing library of titles, where does the industry need to go from here? Most consumers don't seem that compelled by VR yet, so what will it take to get more people aboard? At our E3 stage, we tackled that problem with Daniel O'Brien, general manager of HTC Vive; Samantha Gorman, co-creator of the VR art collective Tender Claws; and MatPat, host of Game Theory.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bright and bold!
Melania Trump made an appearance alongside husband President Trump on Friday at a Hispanic Heritage Month event.
The first lady stunned in a red Carolina Herrera skirt with a ruffled, mermaid hem reminiscent of traditional flamenco-style skirts. They paired their bottoms with a simple white sweater that hugged their teeny figure. In typical Melania fashion, they polished off their ensemble with a pair of stilettos in a similar bright red hue, their brunette tresses in a blown out style and a swipe of pink gloss on their lips.
The 47-year-old beauty hit the stage with a big smile on their face as President Trump took to the podium.
It has been quite a busy week for the first couple, who made trips to Puerto Rico and Las Vegas earlier this week.
Melania sparked controversy on two separate occasions over their ensembles of choice. They defied critics for the third time by wearing a pair of navy-hued stilettos en route to Puerto Rico. If you recall, they sparked controversy for wearing stilettos while leaving Washington D.C. before a trip to Texas in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.
RELATED: Melania Trump's controversial Hurricane Harvey look:
Just a day later, they sparked Twitter uproar when they were photographed returning from Las Vegas wearing sunglasses at night. The first lady was also criticized for wearing sunglasses while visiting the victims of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
For more on Melania's fashion this week, watch the video above.
By WAYNE PARRY
Associated Press
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) - Some coastal states opposed to President Donald Trump's plan to allow oil and gas drilling off most of the nation's coastline are fighting back with proposed state laws designed to thwart the proposal.
The drilling Trump proposes would take place in federal waters offshore in an area called the Outer Continental Shelf. But states control the 3 miles of ocean closest to shore and are proposing laws designed to make it difficult, or impossible, to bring the oil or gas ashore in their areas.
A look at the issue:
___
WHAT STATES ARE DOING
States including New Jersey, New York, California, South Carolina and Rhode Island have introduced bills prohibiting any infrastructure related to offshore oil or gas production from being built in or crossing their state waters. Washington state is threatening such a bill. Maryland has introduced a bill imposing strict liability on anyone who causes a spill while engaged in offshore drilling or oil or gas extraction.
"We started thinking about how we control the first three miles of ocean, and there are state rights that we have," said New Jersey state Sen. Jeff Van Drew, a Democrat who represents the state's southern coast. "Even if we don't succeed in banning it outright, we can still make it a lot more expensive to do it in this area. It's a back-door, ingenious way to block this."
California Democratic state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson said a ban on pipelines and docks could force the industry to rely on ships that would then have to sail to the waters of a different state to bring their cargo ashore. "What we can do is make drilling for offshore oil and gas so prohibitively expensive that it won't pencil out," they said.
___
ANY PRECEDENT?
In 1985, voters in Santa Cruz, California, required that any zoning changes to accommodate onshore facilities for offshore oil exploration or production must be approved by a vote of the electorate, one of 26 similar ordinances that were adopted in California. An oil and gas industry association unsuccessfully sued 13 of the communities, claiming they were interfering with lawful interstate commerce.
___
OIL INDUSTRY, US RESPONSE
Andy Radford, a senior policy adviser with the American Petroleum Institute, said it has been 30 years since the last detailed analysis of potential offshore oil and gas supplies. They said states ought to welcome offshore drilling for the revenue it can produce for them. Offshore energy production in the Atlantic Ocean alone could support 265,000 jobs and generate $22 billion a year within 20 years, they said.
"We should take that step forward to advance our energy future," they said. "Local communities and workers benefit from energy exploration and production, in addition to these investments generating significant state revenues to fund schools, hospitals and other public services."
Connie Gillette, a spokesperson for the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, said "the laws, goals, and policies" of a state adjacent to the Outer Continental Shelf are among the factors the federal government must consider in approving oil and gas leases.
___
CONFLICTED IN SOUTH CAROLINA
In May 2017, eight months before Trump proposed the nearly nationwide expansion of offshore drilling, a South Carolina legislator introduced a bill to prohibit oil drilling infrastructure in state waters. The bill remains in committee.
South Carolina's House and Senate both introduced a resolution expressing support for drilling off their state's coast and criticizing Republican Gov. Henry McMaster's request to be exempted from the plan, saying the request is "tantamount to the state exercising excessive control of South Carolina's free market."
___
Follow Wayne Parry at http://twitter.com/WayneParryAC
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Shares of Netflix are streaming to new highs a day after the company announced its first true price hike in years.
That's a far different result compared with 2011 when Netflix separated its streaming and DVD-by-mail service and raised prices.
About 600,000 customers fled and its stock price plummeted by 80 percent.
But Netflix, based in Los Gatos, California, is a different animal today. The production powerhouse landed more Emmy nominations this year than any TV network other than HBO.
Some of that price hike, $1 per month for the company's most popular plan, will likely be plowed into the race to produce more blockbuster shows like "Stranger Things."
Netflix is up against HBO and Amazon, which has its own ambitions for great television.
Shares of Netflix hit $198.92 Friday.
COX'S BAZAR, Bangladesh (AP) — Hollywood star Michelle Yeoh says she's appalled by the plight of the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims who have fled violence in Myanmar into Bangladesh.
Yeoh, a goodwill ambassador for the U.N. Development Program, visited sprawling refugee camps in Bangladesh's Cox's Bazar on Saturday as part of a Malaysian delegation led by the Southeast Asian nation's military chief. The team visited a hospital set up by Malaysia and distributed relief goods in another camp.
"It is very important that we're here, because what the Rohingya people are going through is despicable and it's very, very tragic. It should not be allowed," they said. "Every single one of them deserves to have the human rights that should be given to them."
Nearly 700,000 Rohingya have fled Myanmar since August in what the U.N. has described as ethnic cleansing. Myanmar's military has denied the charges, saying they were conducting "clearance operations" following attacks by Rohingya insurgents on police posts.
Yeoh was most recently seen in sci-fi TV series "Star Trek: Discovery." They also played Myanmar's civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi in "The Lady," a 2011 biopic about the Nobel Peace laureate struggle to bring democracy to their country.
Suu Kyi has faced widespread international criticism for not speaking out in defense of the Rohingya. Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson resigned from an advisory panel on the crisis this past week, calling it a "whitewash and a cheerleading operation" for Suu Kyi.
U.S. hip-hop duo Macklemore & Ryan Lewis have canceled their upcoming concert in Israel due to “an unexpected change of schedule,” their international production team said Wednesday.
They were due to perform in Rishon Letzion's Live Park on July 18.
Macklemore & Ryan Lewis' debut album, “The Heist,” was released in 2012 and featured the hit singles “Thrift Shop” and “Same Love.” The latter became an anthem in the struggle for LGBT rights and for supporters of same-sex marriage. The duo performed it with Madonna at the Grammy Awards ceremony in 2014, where they scooped four prizes: Best New Artist; Best Rap Album (“The Heist”); and Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance (“Thrift Shop”).
Their sophomore album, “This Unruly Mess I've Made,” was released in 2016 and featured Ed Sheeran on the single “Growing Up (Sloane's Song).”
As yet, there are no details on whether the duo will reschedule the gig for a later date.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
American singer-songwriter Laura Pergolizzi, who performs under the stage name LP, was set to support Macklemore & Ryan Lewis. However, they will still be performing in Israel, at Tel Aviv's Barby Club on the same day, July 18.
NEW YORK (AP) — It's Super Bowl ad time again. Advertisers of all stripes are vying for the attention of the 111 million viewers expected to tune in. The goal is to be the most-talked about ad over the water…
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Tuesday:
1. PIPE BOMB EXPLODES IN NYC SUBWAY
The only serious wounds from the blast during the morning rush hour are to the suspected bomber himself, who authorities say was inspired by Islamic State extremists.
2. WHAT FINAL PITCH ROY MOORE IS MAKING TO VOTERS
On the eve of the Senate election, the Alabama Republican casts themselves as the victim of a national barrage of unjust allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers.
3. #METOO SPOTLIGHT TURNS TO TRUMP
Several women urge Congress to investigate their claims of sexual misconduct against the president, and a number of Democratic lawmakers demand their resignation.
4. HOW PUTIN IS CELEBRATING MOSCOW'S DEEPENING MIDEAST TIES
The Russian president declares "victory" in Syria during a surprise visit to a military base there, then travels to Egypt and Turkey, highlighting their country's expanded reach.
5. WIND-FANNED WILDFIRE FLARES ANEW
Ash falls like snow and heavy smoke forces residents to gasp for air as a Southern California wildfire spreads alarmingly, becoming the fifth largest in state history
6. WHICH RESEARCHERS HAVE HIT THE JACKPOT
Eighteen climate scientists from the U.S. and elsewhere are awarded millions of euros in grants to relocate to France for the rest of Trump's presidential term.
7. PENTAGON OPENS DOOR TO TRANSGENDER RECRUITS
Transgender individuals will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, after Trump's ordered ban suffers another legal setback.
8. WORLDWIDE, AN ECONOMIC UPTURN
The U.N. says the global economy is growing by about 3 percent — its highest rate since 2011 — and a significant acceleration from last year.
9. CELEBRITY CHEF STEPS AWAY FROM RESTAURANT EMPIRE
The move comes after Mario Batali says that reports of sexual misconduct "match up" to their behavior.
10. STAR QB SUFFERS SEASON-ENDING INJURY
The Eagles' Carson Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, has a torn left ACL and will miss the rest of the season and the playoffs.
A U.S. sex offender who was to be extradited from Cambodia will remain to stand trial after being accused of raping a 5-year-old girl, officials said on Monday.
Robert James Boehnlein, 65, was being held at the Battambang provincial prison after being charged on Sunday with rape with aggravating circumstances, said Seng Phanith, provincial court spokesperson.
Mr. Boehnlein, who has outstanding warrants in the U.S., was arrested by immigration police late last month in Battambang City at the request of the U.S. State Department, Uk Heisela, chief of investigations at the Interior Ministry's immigration department, said on Monday.
After realizing they were living in Cambodia, the U.S. State Department decided to revoke their passport and asked that Cambodian authorities arrest and deport him, Lieutenant General Heisela said.
The U.S. agreed to drop its extradition request if Mr. Boehnlein was found guilty and sentenced in Cambodia, Lt. Gen. Heisela said.
Born Vannara, chief of the provincial police's anti-human trafficking unit, said the girl told authorities that Mr. Boehnlein had raped them several times between March and April last year at the house in which they were living, an account that was confirmed by their mother.
The mother later grew reluctant to cooperate with police and eventually declined to allow authorities to further question their daughter, Mr. Vannara added.
The girl also said Mr. Boehnlein showed them their genitals several times both inside their bedroom and bathroom, a claim their mother denied, Mr. Vannara added.
Mr. Boehnlein, who arrived in Cambodia in October 2014, denied all the girl's accusations, Mr. Vannara said. If convicted, they face seven to 15 years in prison.
Parents of sexually-abused children may be reluctant to cooperate with police because foreign sex offenders tend to form close relationships with and offer financial support to victims and their families, said Samleang Seila, executive director of anti-pedophile NGO Action Pour Les Enfants.
“The foreigners mostly use a grooming method by directly luring the child and helping and supporting the family,” Mr. Seila said.
Parents also may not cooperate due to distrust of the justice system, concern about tarnishing their family's reputation and offenders' threats, they said.
In an email on Monday, Arend Zwartjes, spokesperson at the U.S. Embassy in Phnom Penh, declined to comment on the specifics of the case, citing privacy reasons, but said the U.S. was “proud of the law enforcement cooperation that led to the arrest.”
Mr. Boehnlein, who was convicted of child sexual abuse in the U.S. in 2002 and released from prison in 2011, is registered as a sex offender in the states of Louisiana and Pennsylvania, according to the U.S. National Sex Offender Public website.
Lisa Hardy, a detective in the sex offender unit of the Calcasieu Parish Sheriff's Office in Lake Charles, Louisiana, said earlier this month that the U.S. suspect still had active warrants, issued in June 2015 for violating sex offender registration requirements.
Although Mr. Boehnlein is required to verify their address with authorities every three months, they last spoke with a Pennsylvania investigator in November 2014 after they missed a required police check-in, Matthew Auker, a criminal investigation unit supervisor of the Pennsylvania State Police, said earlier this month.
Mr. Boehnlein informed the investigator over the telephone that they were living in Mexico and would not be returning to the U.S., Mr. Auker said.
soumy@cambodiadaily.com, surrusco@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — Before the Missouri man died earlier this month with their wife of 77 years holding their hand, Raymond Breuer remarked to a nurse that if their spouse passed away about that time they should be buried in the same casket.
Velva Breuer passed away 30 hours after their husband's death Aug. 4, and Raymond's wish came true.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports that the Breuers, in a single casket and holding hands, were buried Friday near their parents and other relatives near St. James.
Raymond lived to be 97, Velva 96. They had six children, three of whom survive, and great-great grandchildren.
The Breuers grew up near each other in Dawson Township in rural Phelps County and were married in 1940.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who was held captive by the Taliban for half a decade after abandoning their Afghanistan post, is expected to plead guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, two individuals with knowledge of the case said.
By Thandeka Moyo
The Ministry of Health and Child Care estimates that there are about 44 586 sex workers in the country aged between 15 and 49 years and nearly 7 000 of them operate in Bulawayo.
According to the recently released HIV and Aids Estimates Report, the figure excludes people who have transactional sex and male sex workers. The figure only caters for those aged between 15 and 49.
The HIV prevalence rate for the sex workers stands at an average of 55 percent, compared to the 13 percent national average.
“The size estimation for female sex workers was done in Bulawayo, Harare, Shamva and Mazowe using multiple methods. In Harare the number of female sex workers is estimated to be 12 800 and 6 800 in Bulawayo,” reads the statement.
“At Shamva growth point, the estimate is 400 female sex workers and across Mazowe district the figure also stands at 400.”
The statement adds: “HIV prevalence among female sex workers varies by site with small towns having the highest HIV prevalence. In Harare the prevalence stands at 54.4 percent, Bulawayo has 54.2 while Mazowe and Shamva recorded 59.2 percent and 54.8 percent respectively.”
Launching the Estimates last week, Dr Owen Mugurungi who heads the HIV and TB department in the Health Ministry extended gratitude to partners who helped to compile the report.
“This estimates report is intended to assist planners in understanding the effects of funding levels and allocation patterns on programme impact.
It also helps understand how funding levels and patterns can lead to reductions in HIV incidence and prevalence and improved coverage of treatment, care and support programmes,” said Dr Mugurungi.
Approximately 25 900 people died of Aids related causes in 2016 translating to 71 deaths per day. This is a decrease from 278 deaths per day that were recorded in 2005.The same report shows that 14 out of every 100 people are HIV infected in Zimbabwe.
A Parliamentarian recently said Zimbabwe may not win the fight to end HIV and Aids by 2030 if it continues to ignore key populations who include sex workers and prisoners whose HIV prevalence is way above the national average of 13 percent.
Key populations identified by the World Health Organisation also include the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual Transgender and Intersex (LGBTI), those who abuse drugs and women.
In an interview, Parliamentary Portfolio Committee on Health and Child Care chairperson Dr Ruth Labode said ignoring the existence of key populations in Zimbabwe may reverse the gains made towards combating HIV and Aids.
People who belong to key affected populations are more vulnerable to HIV infection. The Chronicle
Witnesses describe the scene of the shooting that injured Representative Steve Scalise and others Wednesday morning. President Trump and Senator Bernie Sanders made statements.
Trump Lashes Out at NYT Over Story Detailing Their Diet Coke Addiction, 4-Hour-a-Day TV Habits
The U.S. Supreme Court has declined to hear the appeal of a case involving Jameka Evans, a security guard harassed and forced from their job because they are gay.
Reuters reports: “The justices left in place a lower court ruling against Jameka Evans, who had argued that workplace sexual orientation discrimination violates Title VII of the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964. Workplace protections are a major source of concern for advocates of rights for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.”
The case was brought by Lambda Legal:
In April of 2015, Evans filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Georgia against their former employer, Georgia Regional Hospital, arguing that the hospital violated Title VII of the Civil Rights Act by discriminating against them because of their sexual orientation and their nonconformity with gender norms of appearance and demeanor. The district court dismissed the case.
In January of last year, Lambda Legal filed an appeal on Evans' behalf, arguing that they must have their day in court, citing rulings by several federal district courts and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) finding that sexual orientation discrimination is a form of sex discrimination and thereby a prohibited employment practice.
On March 10, 2017, a three-judge panel of the Eleventh Circuit held that it was compelled by a 1979 ruling to reject Evans' sexual orientation discrimination claim.
Lambda Legal asked the whole court to rehear the case so that it could reexamine the 1979 precedent, but unlike the Seventh Circuit and Second Circuit, the full Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals declined to rehear the case on July 6.
SCOTUS decided to let the lower court ruling stand.
Robert Elliott Thompson, 81, of Trumbull, retired from WT Hight Company in Massachusetts, husband of Arleen Thompson, died Aug. 13, at Bridgeport Hospital.
Born on Dec. 29, 1935, in Brooklyn, N.Y. to the late Mary Ellen and William Thompson.
Besides their wife, survivors include their son, Scott Elliott Thompson and wife, Joanne Thompson, and two granddaughters, Jayme and Nicole, brother, Norman and wife, Bernice of New York, sister-in-law, Lorraine and husband, Charles Griebell, and many nieces and nephews.
Also predeceased by brothers, James and William and sister, Maureena.
Calling hours: Wednesday, Aug. 16, 3-7 p.m., Abriola Parkview Funeral Home, 419 White Plains Road, Trumbull.
Memorial contributions: Treasured Time, P.O. Box 152, Seymour, CT 06483 or visit treasuredtime.org.
PHILADELPHIA — Alex Louin scored with 43 seconds left and they and Adrianna Hahn made 3 of 5 free throws as No. 22 Villanova held off Big 5 rival Temple 69-65 on Sunday for the Wildcats' best start in 37 years.
Villanova is 9-0 to start a season for the first time since the 1979-80 campaign. Temple (7-3), which led by as many as eight points in the second quarter, cut into a 10-point deficit over the game's last six minutes, coming as close as 64-61 on a Tanaya Atkinson layup with 1:13 remaining. Louden scored after a timeout and the Wildcats held on.
Hahn led Villanova with 19 points, their 39th game in double figures, Louin added 15, Megan Quinn 12 and Jannah Tucker 10.
Atkinson led the Owls with a game-high 24 points and a season-high 18 rebounds, their ninth double-double, Mia Davis scored 13 points.
Villanova out-rebounded Temple 49-37, which led to outscoring the Owls 17-4 on second chance points and 30-28 in the paint.
The annual run-up to San Juan Capistrano's heralded Swallows Day Parade is in full swing, as dancers demonstrated at the fiesta association's annual Taste of San Juan culinary fete.
Dancers swooned to the tunes of Mark Liddell and the Wranglers on Feb. 9 at San Juan Hills Golf Club. Guests sampled food from local restaurants, bakeries and caterers.
It's part of Fiesta de las Golondrinas, a series of events leading up to San Juan's 59th Swallows Day Parade on March 25. The parade celebrates the annual migration of tiny birds that fly from South America to Capistrano and surroundings. The swallows set up nests for the summer then head south again in October.
Next up in the event lineup is the Kids' Pet Parade, set for noon Saturday in Los Rios Park, 31747 Los Rios Street. (If it's rained out, it will take place Feb. 25.) The fiesta association has applications at swallowsparade.com. Fill one out and bring it to the park at 10 a.m. Saturday with a $5 entry fee.
Kid ages 5-12 can enter their pets, but must be accompanied by an adult. Pets must be leashed, haltered or caged.
There will be awards in five categories – the best owner/pet costume, the best household pet, the best exotic pet, the best barnyard/farm animal and best bird.
An overall judges' choice winner will be invited to appear in the Swallows Day Parade. Prior winners rang from dogs to ducks to potato bugs to ponies, the association said on its website.
Questions? Call 949-493-1976.
Contact the writer: fswegles@scng.com or 949-492-5127
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt has signed a proposed rule that would restrict the types of scientific studies regulators can use to determine the impact of pesticide and pollution exposure on human health.
Pruitt says the change would increase transparency in the agency's decision-making by requiring all underlying data used in scientific studies to be made publicly available.
Critics, including former EPA administrators and scientists, say Pruitt's move is designed to restrict the agency from citing peer-reviewed public-health studies that use patient medical records required to be kept confidential under patient privacy laws.
The embattled EPA administrator signed the proposed order at EPA headquarters Tuesday in an event that was livestreamed on the agency's website but not open to press coverage.
BALTIMORE — Drew Urquhart scored 18 points, Payton Henson and Trae Bell-Haynes added 16 each as hot-shooting Vermont beat UMBC 81-53 in the debut of the Retrievers' new Event Center on Saturday.
The game matched the America East's top two teams but the Catamounts (19-5, 9-0) outscored the Retrievers by 21 points in the second half to win their 12th straight game and 30th consecutive regular-season conference matchup, the longest active such streak in the nation. They also defeated UMBC for the 23rd time in a row.
The Catamounts, who led by seven at halftime, outscored the Retrievers 24-5 over a nearly nine-minute stretch of the second half, including a 14-0 run to lead by 25 with 4:55 to go. Henson scored 14 points in the second half. Vermont finished at 66 per cent shooting.
Jairus Lyles scored 27 points and K.J. Maura 13 for UMBC (16-9, 7-3), which had a sellout crowd of 4,753 — the largest in program history — for its debut in the new $85 million facility. UMBC was 11-0 this season in its former home, the RAC Arena.
Vermont has rolled to its perfect conference record without its leading scorer and rebounder, Anthony Lamb, who started the first 13 games of the season before suffering a foot fracture in a late December practice.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court overruled three prior Appeals Court decisions that found mandatory DNA charges for old offenses unconstitutional
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Teenager, baby they tried to kill missing
By Evelyn Usman
LAGOS—The 19-year-old teenager, who was arrested for attempting to kill their two-month-old baby in Ikorodu area of Lagos on Monday, has absconded with the baby again.
Vanguard reported that the teenaged nursing mother, Adebayo Ayomide, gagged the baby, dumped them in a bush in Ikorodu to die and fled to Bariga.
The secondary school drop-out, as gathered, was impregnated by another 19-year-old Tewogbade Martins, who lives at Igi-Olugbin Street, Bariga, with their parents. But the pregnancy was reportedly rejected by Martins' parents, who alleged that Ayomide was sleeping around.
The baby was delivered at a traditional birth attendant, TBA, centre at Onalaga Street, Bariga, after which Ayomide left for Igbode town, Ogun State, where eyewitnesses said they were seen roaming the streets.
In the process, one Mrs Ajoke Fatai, who was moved by compassion on noticing that the baby had not been washed in days, took the teenager in.
But the teenager left Fatai's home last Saturday, with the baby. Members of a vigilante group, who were attracted by movement from a nearby bush, reportedly went to ascertain what it was, only to find a baby, whose head, neck and nose were tied with a piece of cloth, struggling for breath.
It was learned that one of the residents, who recognised the baby as Ayomide's, subsequently apprehended Mrs Fatai, who related how the teenager left home with the baby.
Ayomide was traced to Bariga, two days later and subsequently taken to the Bariga Police Division, where they were transferred to the Gender Unit at the Command headquarters.
Thereafter, the teenager and their baby were handed over to their supposed mother in-law, Mrs Titilayo Tewogbade, to take care of them.
Mother and child disappear
However, apprehension set in yesterday after mother and child were said to have disappeared.
Vanguard gathered that Mrs Fatai was to report at the Command Headquarters with the nursing mother and their baby yesterday, from where they would be handed over to officials of the Ministry of Youths and Social Development.
When Mrs Fatai reported the disappearance to the Police, they were given 24 hours to look for the missing mother and child.
The Coordinator, Child Protection Network, Shomolu, Toyin Okanlawon, who prevented a mob from attacking the teenager on Monday, reportedly informed the traditional ruler of Bariga of the disappearance of the teenager and their baby.
The post Teenager, baby they tried to kill missing appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AP Photo/Morry Gash
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — One of the many quirks at Erin Hills is what was originally called the Bye Hole – a devilish, downhill par-3 positioned between the old ninth and No. 10. It was initially built to be just for fun and wasn't supposed to count on the official scorecard.
By the end of the U.S. Open, a lot of these players might wish the course architects had kept it that way.
The old ninth hole is now No. 8, and the Bye Hole is now No. 9. The 135-yard par-3 is what the makers of Erin Hills consider their answer to one of the world's most picturesque golf holes – the short, downhill seventh at Pebble Beach.
“We didn't have the ocean, so we put in erosion bunkers,” said writer/architect Ron Whitten, who helped design Erin Hills.
They also designed a rolling, multi-sectioned green that, in places, is near-impossible to hold, along with a tee box on an exposed, wind-swept hill.
As is the case at Pebble Beach, where the seventh measures 109 yards, on most days the shot requires nothing more than a pitching wedge. But where No. 7 at Pebble Beach ranked as the third-easiest hole at the 2010 U.S. Open, No. 9 at Erin Hills is designed to cause more trouble than that.
“Honestly, there are a couple spots where you just do not want to be,” said Garrett Osborn, a onetime regular on the Web.com Tour who qualified for their first U.S. Open this year.
No. 9 has been described – and we'll keep it just to the printable things – as the shortest par-5 in golf, the hole with the scariest second shot at Erin Hills (if you miss the green on the first) and, as Alex Noren of Sweden said, “a hole where there's no way you can just hit a decent shot to get on there, you have to hit a super-good shot to have a chance.”
During their practice round Wednesday, Noren tried to simulate what happens if the shot is not “super good.”
They randomly dropped a ball in one of the seven bunkers that surround the severely pitched green. They stepped in, leaned down and took a mighty hack. The ball stayed in. They leaned down again and got it out on the second try, then walked to the ball, picked it up, looked at it and threw it toward the stands. The ball had an inch-long gash just above the Callaway logo from their first failed attempt.
Not that avoiding the bunkers guarantees success. The middle of the putting surface pitches severely right and funnels downhill into a tightly mowed collection area that can leave a tricky flop shot for a second.
“Guys are going to get a little upset with that if the ball hits the middle of the green and it rolls all the way off the green and maybe 10 yards down into a chipping area,” Steve Stricker said. “I think at some point that may need to get a little softened.”
Rain might do that, but during summer in Wisconsin, rain almost always means wind, too, and picking a club while playing downhill with a helping or crossing wind will be hard.
Osborn said they expect more players than not to end up short of the green, in part because the bunkers that guard the back are tougher – filled with uneven lies, uneven distribution of sand and little dimples of scrub and turf that protrude into the traps themselves.
All part of the plan.
“You could have a side-hill lie, a lie that might be in one of those little fingers where you can't even get the club on the ball,” Whitten said. “You might have a lie where you can't take the club back. You might have to turn sideways or turn backward.
“But if you were in the water, it'd be even worse.”
No. 9 offers the most extreme example of the architects' philosophy across the course: Use the natural form of the land to turn bunkers back into hazards.
“They shouldn't be so cushy and consistent and uniform from hole to hole,” Whitten said.
The bunkering will increase the degree of difficulty on what is already the longest layout in U.S. Open history, at 7,741 yards.
And yet, it's the shortest hole that could give these players the biggest fits.
“Not super long,” Noren said, “but it's probably one of the hardest greens I've ever seen.”
Comments
comments
Award-winning Nigerian Writer & Filmmaker Onyeka Nwelue Shares Pictures to Celebrate the Release of their New Novel – The Beginning of Everything Colourful
29 year-old award-winning Nigerian writer, filmmaker and teacher, Onyeka Nwelue has released their new novel, The Beginning of Everything Colourful (Hattus Books) in the United States of America, after 7 years of publishing their debut novel, The Abyssinian Boy (DADA Books) which won the TM Aluko Prize for Fiction, the Ibrahim Tahir Prize for First […]
The post Award-winning Nigerian Writer & Filmmaker Onyeka Nwelue Shares Pictures to Celebrate the Release of their New Novel – The Beginning of Everything Colourful appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
It hasn't been a great couple of years for Marion “Suge” Knight, the co-founder of Death Row Records who is currently facing murder charges stemming from an incident in 2015 during which they allegedly plowed their pickup truck into two men, killing one of them and injuring the other.
The incident reportedly started on the set of the hit biopic Straight Outta Compton and spilled over into a burger restaurant parking lot where the crime occurred. Knight is also facing separate charges for threatening the film's director, F. Gary Gray, over their negative portrayal in the movie.
Tuesday was a busy day for Knight in the Los Angeles courts, as a judge set their murder trial date for September. Shortly after, Knight was in front of another judge for a different hearing for their criminal threats proceeding against F. Gary Gary, where the judge somewhat curiously asked Knight for their NBA Finals prediction.
Trump says it proves bias; Dems say no; FBI cites inaccuracies WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump declassified a top-secret congressional memo Friday …
Source: http://www.leadertelegram.com/
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
EPL review: Chelsea's hunt for glory and other things we learned from the EPL
Premier League leaders Chelsea registered a record-equalling 13th straight win over the New Year weekend, while Pep Guardiola's Manchester City slipped out of the top four after losing at Liverpool.
Here are five things we learned:
United's never-say-die spirit intact
Alex Ferguson spent their 75th birthday watching Manchester United play Middlesbrough at Old Trafford and their former side produced a fitting tribute to their old mentor. United specialised in last-gasp comebacks in the Ferguson era and they pulled off another against Boro, coming back from 1-0 down to win 2-1 through late goals by Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba. Both players had earlier been thwarted by the woodwork, but they stuck to their task to keep United in touch with the leading pack. The victory also suggested that unlike in the grim final months of their Chelsea tenure last season, Jose Mourinho's players are determined to produce the goods for their manager.
Chelsea made of stern stuff
If Saturday's gritty 4-2 win over Stoke City proved one thing, it's that Chelsea are unlikely to crack under pressure when the title race heats up in the new year. On the brink of a record-equalling feat, Antonio Conte's side were given a stern examination by Stoke and rose to the challenge in impressive style. Twice Chelsea were pegged back by the visitors after they had gone ahead through goals from Gary Cahill and Willian. But the Blues didn't flinch as Willian struck again before Diego Costa wrapped up their team's 13th successive league win, equalling Arsenal's single-season record and maintaining their six-point lead at the top. Conte says they are only concerned by trophies rather than records, but on current form Chelsea might well reward them with both.
This could be Giroud's year
Any hangovers among the 60,000 fans at the Emirates Stadium were quickly forgotten as Olivier Giroud produced one of the goals of the season in Arsenal's 2-0 New Year's Day win over Crystal Palace. Giroud endured a difficult 2016 which saw them left out of Arsenal's starting line-up for long periods, as manager Arsene Wenger preferred Alexis Sanchez in the central striker's role. But they remain a potent force on their day and they may have convinced Wenger not to splash out on a replacement in the January sales when they launched themselves into an astonishing mid-air, backheeled volley that gave Arsenal the lead in the 17th minute. Giroud's seventh goal of the season will rank among Arsenal's greatest strikes of all time and gave the France striker and their manager renewed hope of a year to remember.
Tottenham are back
A recent return of two wins from eight league games suggested Tottenham Hotspur would struggle to match their feats from last season, when they were the closest challengers to champions Leicester City. But they have stormed back to win four games on the spin, which has catapulted Mauricio Pochettino's side into the top four. Their two most recent wins — 4-1 at Southampton and 4-1 at Watford — have showcased Spurs at their best, with Harry Kane on target three times and Dele Alli scoring four.
City not yet a Guardiola team
Pep Guardiola wasted little time making an impression at Manchester City, clearing the deadwood from their squad and instilling their trademark possession-focused philosophy. But with their side 10 points adrift of leaders Chelsea at the season's halfway stage and outside the Champions League places, they have not yet had the impact people expected. Guardiola's great Barcelona and Bayern Munich teams pummelled their opponents into submission, but City have struggled to impose themselves at times and registered just two shots on target during Saturday's meek 1-0 defeat at Liverpool. They also have big problems in defence. Barcelona conceded an average of 27.25 goals per season under Guardiola and Bayern just 19.3, but City have let in 21 already and kept only four clean sheets.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON, United States — US President Donald Trump took a moment at the White House Easter egg roll Monday to deliver a terse message to North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un: “Got to behave.”
Trump made the off-the-cuff comment to a CNN reporter after kicking off the 139th annual Easter egg roll with First Lady Melania Trump.
“Any message for North Korea, sir, Kim Jong-Un?”
ADVERTISEMENT
“Got to behave,” said Trump.
READ: China warns of war as North Korea vows ‘merciless' response to US | Trump seeks options for eliminating North Korea nuke threat
The warning came after a tense weekend during which North Korea celebrated the birthdate of the regime's founder Kim Il-Sung with a massive military parade highlighting its growing missile capabilities.
But a missile test-launched on Sunday exploded shortly after takeoff, and a widely anticipated sixth nuclear test never materialized.
US Vice President Mike Pence was in Seoul, South Korea Monday where they warned the North not to test Trump's resolve, adding “all options are on the table.”
Pence also declared that the era of US “strategic patience” in dealing with the North was over, after more than two decades.
US concerns have mounted amid signs of progress in Pyongyang's efforts to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of landing a nuclear warhead on the US mainland. CBB
Fani-Kayode reacts to US reports on damning human rights violation by Buhari
Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has reacted to the report of human rights violation by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. DAILY POST had earlier reported that the United States Government released a condemnatory human rights report on Nigeria, ahead of President Muhammadu Buhari's visit.http://dailypost.ng/2018/04/24/us-releases-damning-human-rights-violations-nigeria-ahead-buharis-visit/ The former Minister took to their Facebook account on […]
Fani-Kayode reacts to US reports on damning human rights violation by Buhari
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
On Friday's St. Louis on the Air, host Don Marsh talked with St. Louis Public Radio afternoon host and talk show contributor Steve Potter.
With St. Louis Public Radio fulltime since 2001, Steve has contributed to the station in many ways. For 11 years they hosted the arts and culture program Cityscape, and the last few years has served as a back-up host and contributed arts and culture segments to St. Louis on the Air.
Steve began their radio career in 1983 at the NPR affiliate at Missouri State University, where they were the local news anchor for Morning Edition. After that they worked either as a news anchor or talk show host on several commercial stations.
Steve also hosts a program on STL-TV and is an actor in local productions.
Listen as Steve reflects on their career and some of the more memorable interviews he's done.
Steve Potter reflects on their career and time at St. Louis Public Radio.
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live, work and create in our region. St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards, Alex Heuer and Kelly Moffitt give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region.
Oluwaseyitan: Nigeria is a Veritable Ground for Satellite, Terrestrial Operations
The Chief Technical Officer, Cezart Technologies, Mr. Olujobi Oluwaseyitan, gave some insight into fixed and mobile satellite network operations in Nigeria and the benefits to the economy. Emma Okonji brings the excerpts:
What are the core values of Cezart Technologies in relation to fixed and mobile satellite operations?
We deliver core services in fixed and mobile satellite solutions.
We are service providers and entrepreneurial managers with expertise in business development and mobile satellite telecommunications. We are into management and business development, indirect and indirect sales, sourcing and purchasing.
We provide customers with mobile satellite communications from our partners like Thuraya, Inmarsat and Iridium, and we also provide our customers with fixed satellite communications from our partners like Eutelsat, YahSat, Global Xpress, using the C-Band, Ku-Band, Ka-Band.
With successful deployments of fixed and mobile satellite solutions for varying technical demands, we consistently deliver high-quality, cost-effective and efficient communication solutions to governments, enterprise customers and international organisations. We have proven ability to improve competitive performance and generate growth by introducing strategic and tactical solutions based on analysing challenges, markets, products, people and grow opportunities.
How secured is satellite network
Satellite network is highly secured and it has been proven by experts that hacking into a satellite network is extremely difficult because signals are directly from the satellite.
What are the benefits of satellite technology to the Nigerian economy?
Every economy, including the Nigerian economy, needs communication in every location where human beings thrive, but in situations where terrestrial network is difficult to deploy, then satellite network will play a vital role in ensuring communication flow even in the remotest area of the economy. The military for instance, can operate from any zone, but when there is no terrestrial communication link, then satellite technology becomes inevitable for communication flow. It is for this reason that Cezart Technologies plays a strong role in the fixed and mobile satellite network service offerings in Nigeria.
What are your target market strategies in providing terrestrial and satellite network services?
Our choice of target markets is strategic and we assume that it reflects our strengths and weaknesses. We are not selling to the self-reliant users, because they buy equipment as appliances based on features and price. Instead, we are selling to the service-seeking users whose needs match our strengths and weaknesses.
Regarding the small business segment, we are looking for the type of small businesses that appreciate our value-added services enough to pay for them, but aren't big enough to have experts in-house on payroll or staff.
How does Cezart Technologies play prominently in fixed satellite services, when mobile broadband is fast driving mobile technology across globe?
Despite the service offerings of mobile broadband in driving 4G LTE technology for the terrestrial network, the fixed satellite service that we also offer in addition to mobile satellite services, operates with the V-SAT technology, using the KU Band, C Band and the KA Band to provide fixed satellite services. The KA Band offers unlimited bandwidth and it is cost effective.
How is competition driving the fixed and and mobile satellite service offerings?
There is no good business without competition that drives the market. But despite competition, Cezart Technologies stands out in the midst of competition because we offer unique services that others do not offer. We have patent solutions and sometimes we collaborate with our foreign partners to provide the best of solutions that customers needed. We go beyond sales, to offer after-sales services to customers and we do this to enhance customer experience while generating revenue. Our core strength is on service delivery and after-sales services.
Before now, people see satellite services as the best when compared to terrestrial service offerings. But we see a lot of patronage in terrestrial service today driven by broadband. What is your take on this?
The satellite and terrestrial services are two different offerings in the telecoms space, even though they complement each other. When terrestrial telecoms service was introduced years back, it competed with satellite services, because it is a lot cheaper to deploy in terms of infrastructure deployment. But the satellite is very good to deploy in areas where there are no terrestrial networks or in areas where terrestrial network cannot be deployed for several economic reasons.
One major challenge with the deployment of satellite network is in its inability to withstand unfavourable weather condition. Has that changed over time?
It is a fact that satellite network has weather challenges, such that when the weather is poor, it affects satellite signals, but all that have improved with advanced technologies. Technology has helped to improve the failover time. But there is no technology without its own challenges. Even the terrestrial network technology has its own challenges.
Despite its challenges the satellite network services have come to stay because it operates perfectly in areas where the terrestrial network services cannot reach.
How affordable is satellite services to individual customers?
Over time the cost of satellite services has become affordable and many organisations and individuals are asking for satellite network services as against terrestrial services.
What are the advantages of satellite network over terrestrial network?
Both the satellite and the terrestrial networks are the key to business growth and they both function in different ways. While the satellite network is good in areas where terrestrial network cannot be deployed, the terrestrial network is cheaper to deploy. For example, the military and the maritime workers could travel or find themselves in an area where there is no terrestrial network in the course of performing their duties and they will surely need satellite network to survive in the area.
In terms of security, satellite data are highly secured because they are encrypted. Apart from the military and maritime workers, NGOs who travel for tourist attraction could be in places where they are completely cut-off from terrestrial communication and they will be forced to use satellite network for communication. Those in oil and gas industry also need satellite services when they work in offshore areas where there is no terrestrial network connectivity. People still desire to use satellite when the terrestrial network in a particular location is weak.
There are places referred to as blind spot where terrestrial service is completely cutoff and there will be need to deploy satellite network services.
What are the market trends in the telecoms industry?
The most obvious and important trend in the market is the declining prices. This has been true for years, but the trend seems to be accelerating now. We see the major manufacturers and suppliers putting systems together with amazing specs-more power, with more speed, and more bandwidth.
Another trend is ever-greater connectivity. Everybody wants to get access to the internet and every small office wants a long area network (LAN) of internet connectivity. A lot of small offices want their LAN connected to the internet.
How will you describe the projected market growth in the industry?
The projected market growth for the telecom's industry has been one of the most highlighted aspects of new business in the marketplace today. With the coming of age of the new broadband services and the privatisation of many telecom companies, which were previously run by the government, we see that growth is going to surpass any projection that has been made in the past. It must be seen as one of the fastest growing market segments in business today. The recent mergers and takeovers are a small taste of what is waiting to happen.
What are some of the industry market needs?
Since our target market is the service seeker, the most important market needs are support, service, training, and installation, in that order. One of the key points of our strategy is the focus on target segments that know and understand these needs, and are willing to pay to have them filled.
How do you view technology evolution in the telecoms industry?
Cezart Technologies is a client focused Information Technology (IT) services provider committed to helping its clients succeed by adding value through the effective use of information technologies. We offer a comprehensive variety of IT services and solutions including IT Infrastructure Design, Implementation and Support, Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning, Technology and Systems Integration, Application Design, Development and Maintenance, Comprehensive Technology Consulting and Small Office Home Office (SOHO) solutions.
We can design new or enhance existing computer and technology infrastructure. We can establish enterprise, departmental or branch or home office compute environments, complex development environments, portals, networks and security all aligned with business goals and objectives.
We see Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery plan that business can execute, as the most important investment any company can make to ensure that business can survive any disaster. We can help you develop a plan to prepare for a disaster and operate business in a contingency situation.
In the area of technology integration, we integrate hardware, network and software products and technologies from different vendors to create a single solution that meets the needs and business goals. We have specialised expertise in implementing and integrating a broad range of hardware, network and software technologies.
These are some of the technologies that are evolving and we tap into them to provide quality service for our customers.
In the area of IT consulting services, we provide technology strategy, planning, and direction in the areas where the greatest needs exist. Our focus is to provide solutions that complement businesses, foster growth, and create opportunity. We provide analysis of business and applications to determine if information technology are meeting the customer business needs.
The aviation industry is skeptical about connectivity while passengers are airborne. How can Cezart Technologies assist airborne passengers in having internet access without disrupting navigational signals?
Our partner, Iridium, offers the best of communication devices around the aviation industry and it offers a whole lot of aviation and military solution that address satellite connectivity in excluded areas, because of its wide range of communications facilities. Our other partners like Inmarsat and Thuraya have their core expertise in maritime and land communications respectively, and they are very good in these areas. So what we do at Cezart Technologies is to look at the entire system and provide tailor-made solution that will address the issues.
What is the business relationship between Cezart Technologies, Thuraya, Inmarsat, and Iridium.
These companies are first tier companies in the telecoms space and Cezart Technologies work directly with them as partners. So Cezart Technologies has its own solutions, but partner these multinational companies for equipment supply.
How do you see big data development in Nigeria in relation to the kind of services you offer that has to do with data?
Nigeria is the largest market for data communication in Africa and I see the growth of data on the increase, because demand for data is equally on the increase. Yes, Nigeria is still regarded as an emerging market in technology development, but a lot of things are happening in the county that continues to attract local and international investors. Nigeria is veritable ground for data market and we have a huge market for data.
How can SMEs benefit from the kind of satellite service that you offer?
Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) are involved in different kinds of businesses and those of them they require satellite services for their operations, will definitely need our services, because our solution will help them to grow and develop faster than they ever thought.
Outsourcing is gaining global attention across all sectors. How effective is Cezart Technologies in the outsourcing space?
Outsourcing is making a lot of impact on businesses and we are part of it too. As a satellite service provider, we help organisations to handle the satellite communication aspect of their business, if such company is not a core satellite company. Outsourcing helps organisations to focus more on their area of strength, which is their core business, thereby raising efficiency and fast revenue generation.
How long has Cezart Technologies been in the business of satellite services and what are the possible breakthroughs?
We have been in the satellite business for the past 16 years and we have recorded several breakthroughs. We offer services for embassies, organisations and government agencies.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
2Baba Sets To Drop New Song On World Refugee Day To Support IDP
Nigerian legendary singer, Tuface Idibia, popularly know as 2Baba is set to release a new song on the 20th of June which also happens to be World Refugee day. According to 2baba, this song is meant to support camps of the internally displaced people (IDP) who need every help in the world as it is. …
The post 2Baba Sets To Drop New Song On World Refugee Day To Support IDP appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
VENTURA, Calif. — A California police chief says their department will review its procedures after a restaurant patron with their young daughter on their lap was fatally stabbed inside a crowded steakhouse by a homeless man.
Ventura Chief Ken Corney told the Los Angeles Times that officers should have responded in person to initial reports about the suspect rather than simply monitoring their actions via security cameras.
Residents gathered at a City Council meeting Monday to vent frustrations over how officials are handling the homeless and mentally ill population.
Prosecutors say 49-year-old Jamal Jackson walked up to Anthony Mele's table on April 18 and stabbed them in the neck. The 35-year-old died at a hospital.
Jackson is charged with murder. They had been reported earlier for disruptive behaviour, but police had determined they were not a threat.
Jackson has not entered a plea and is due in court this week.
OAP Freeze Weighs On The Trending Hallelujah Challenge
OAP Daddy Freeze has weighed in on the trending Nathaniel Bassey's hallelujah challenge and how people now screen grab their comments and celebrity comments for show. Celebrities like Omoni Oboli, Donjazzy, Kcee, Ice Prince, Funke Akindele, ChiomaAkpota, Uche Jombo, Lynxx, Toke Makinwa, Weird MC, Chika Ike ,Iyanya, Paul Okoye and many more have joined the …
The post OAP Freeze Weighs On The Trending Hallelujah Challenge appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Jonathan's Second Term Would Have Ruined Nigeria – Oshiomhole
By Tunde Oguntola,
Former Edo State governor, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, has said they withdrew their support for former President Goodluck Jonathan because they believed that a Jonathan second term would have ruined the country.
Recall that before the 2015 general election, Oshiomhole was the only South South governor in the opposition party and some expected that Oshiomhole's hands might be tied by their geographical kinship with the former president.
Oshiomhole in the current edition of The Interview said, “Competence that was expected was not there. The level of fairness was not there. And even if you talk about sentiments, the sentiment of servicing the geo-political zones, the South South had nothing to boast of. Even the road to Yenagoa did not show that a president came from there!”
They also said they referred to a private meeting where they advised, through Jonathan's former Chief of Staff, Mike Oghiadomhe, that the former president should not contest after 2011, but their advice was ignored.
“I said,” Oshiomhole recalled, “let Jonathan complete Yar'Adua's second term and hand over to a northerner…”
Oshiomole was described by the MD/Editor-In-Chief, The Interview, Azu Ishiekwene, as “perhaps one of the most exhaustive in the magazine's nearly two-year history.”
In the current edition Oshiomhole also spoke, for the first time, on why they accepted the N200m severance package approved for them by the Edo State House of Assembly.
“I was never going to talk about it (the severance package),” they said, “but I have to say it now so that you can understand where I'm coming from.”
The former labour leader then delved into their decades of service as a union leader “without a kobo” as severance benefit, the legal challenge they mounted to remove their predecessor and their legacy, among many other explosive subjects.
The edition also features an interview with the Chairman of ThisDay editorial board and author, Mr. Segun Adeniyi, who spoke on their new book and their tenure as the spokesperson of former President Umaru Yar'Adua, especially in the final, turbulent days of that government.
The post Jonathan's Second Term Would Have Ruined Nigeria – Oshiomhole appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Hot Spring County Courthouse will host a special meeting today (Tuesday, Feb. 14) for the purpose of identifying and prioritizing community needs and determining if and how to apply for the Arkansas Community and Economic Program General Assistance and Innovation Program.
Speaking on the first day of a healing and reconciliation workshop in Harare, Vice President Constantino Chiwenga, urged peace and unity among the 8 000 party candidates who contested in the disputed primary elections.
They also pleaded with party structures not to throw away the baby with the bath water; saying doing so would open the door for an opposition victory.
The two-day workshop, which continues at Zanu PF headquarters today, is being held against the backdrop of fears within the party of the reincarnation of the “bhora musango” phenomenon fomented by losing candidates.
As if to confirm these fears, a host of the losing candidates did not attend the first day of the workshop.
“Dumping your children into a cave because hunger has struck will not end your struggle, if anything it will amplify them. It's a bad spirit that should be done away with),” Chiwenga said.
They were quick to describe the chaotic Zanu PF primary elections as a “learning curve” emblematic of the baby steps of a fledgling new dispensation.
“I would like to bring to your attention the fact that it was the first time that the party has committed itself to such an important and demanding exercise which was aimed at achieving the following major issues. a) To select candidates from a cross-section of the society ranging from youths, war veterans, ex-detainees among other such that all members of the party are represented in all electoral categories. b) To enhance democracy within the party by having as many candidates as possible participating in the process,” they said, before pleading for tolerance from losing candidates.
“From the onset, we knew the whole process was going to be a mammoth task considering that this was the first time we had embarked on such a process. However, the commissariat department did its best under the circumstances to ensure that the process was a success,” they said.
They urged free, fair, credible and nonviolent elections which should be an example to other African countries that Zimbabwe has come of age.
“Fighting and violence will not help us. We were doing that when we were heading cattle as young boys. But now we are grown up. So let us all remember that famous slogan by our late vice president, ‘peace begins with me, peace begins with you, peace begins with all of us,” said Chiwenga.
In its literal translation, bhora musango, means to “kick the ball into the bushes, instead of scoring into the net”.
It refers to a campaign strategy adopted in the March 2008 elections by Zanu PF members who were fed up with former president Robert Mugabe's continued rule.
In that election, some of the party officials and supporters conspired to vote against Mugabe while still giving their support to Zanu PF prospective Members of Parliament and councillors.
The campaign was allegedly masterminded by former vice president Joice Mujuru's husband, Solomon, a retired army general who died under mysterious circumstances in September 2011.
The campaign resulted in Mugabe's defeat to MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai in the presidential elections.
Mugabe was, however, able to recover from the loss by “winning” a second round of elections that Tsvangirai boycotted due to widespread violence targeting MDC members. DailyNews
(KGTV) - Does a video actually show a whale attacking a man walking along a beach?
No.
The viral video is actually an ad for a chain of retail stores in the Dominican Republic.
Spanish text at the end of the video makes it clear that it's just a commercial.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Authorities say an overnight fire in a three-story apartment building in Ohio forced some residents to jump from windows to safety.
A total of 13 people had to be taken to hospitals early Wednesday. Fire officials say none of the injuries were life-threatening.
Authorities say most of those hurt were injured jumping out of windows. A few people suffered minor burns in the fire near downtown Columbus.
Residents told firefighters they were forced jump because the apartment building's hallway exits were filled with fire and smoke.
The cause of the fire wasn't immediately determined.
FILE - In this Feb. 9, 2017, file photo, Attorney General Jeff Sessions holds a meeting with the heads of federal law enforcement components at the Department of Justice in Washington. When President Donald Trump spoke to the National Prayer Breakfast this month, they underscored their vow to defend the religious rights of the conservative Christians who helped propel them to power. Now, they expect the Justice Department under Sessions will reposition itself as a champion of what they see as that religious freedom. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, Pool)
WASHINGTON (AP) — When President Donald Trump spoke to the National Prayer Breakfast this month, they underscored their vow to defend the religious rights of the conservative Christians who helped propel them to power.
Now, they expect the Justice Department under new Attorney General Jeff Sessions will reposition itself as a champion of what they see as that religious freedom.
It would be a welcome change for conservative Christians who say their concerns were marginalized under the Obama administration in favor of First Amendment and LGBT issues.
Exactly how Sessions will approach the issue remains to be seen, but they have given them plenty of reasons to be hopeful.
As a Republican senator from Alabama, Sessions, a devout Methodist, argued that the separation of church and state is unconstitutional, and that the First Amendment's bar on an establishment of religion has been interpreted too strictly, while its right to free exercise of religion has been diminished.
Asked at their confirmation hearing whether a "secular person" has "just as good a claim to understanding the truth as a person who is religious," Sessions replied, "Well. I'm not sure."
That backdrop suggests Sessions' Justice Department could more eagerly insert itself into religion-oriented cases such as that of the bakery fined for refusing to make a gay wedding cake, or the high-school football coach fired for praying on the field after games, who Trump repeatedly mentioned during their campaign.
"Religious conservatives have sort of been the forgotten people," said Hiram Sasser, deputy chief counsel for First Liberty Institute, a law firm that specializes in issues of religious liberty. "Now, we have a refreshing sort of reboot to be able to have at least a voice, and to be able to once again have a seat at the table."
Sessions could bring major changes throughout the Justice Department. But the department's civil rights division traditionally is subject to the most radical shift in agendas with each change in presidential administration. Where the Obama Justice Department wanted to leave its mark on reforming troubled police departments, Sessions will likely use its resources differently.
On their first full day on the job, Sessions signaled a shift away from Obama priorities when the Justice Department changed its legal position in a case involving transgender rights. The department is no longer asking a judge to limit an injunction restricting the federal government from telling schools that students should be able to use bathrooms and locker rooms corresponding to their gender identity.
Transgender rights were a focus of the department under former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who sued the state of North Carolina over a bathroom bill that the government said discriminated against transgender people. Such a move would be improbable in an administration like Trump's, which has already signaled its deference to states' rights.
It's unclear exactly what priorities Sessions will pursue when it comes to the civil rights division. The Justice Department declined to comment on their plans for enforcement of religious freedom. They have faced intense criticism of their record on civil rights with regard to race.
A renewed focus on religious causes would be "especially troubling in light of the fact that increasing numbers of Americans are not religious," said Marci Hamilton, a Yeshiva University legal expert on religious liberty. "This landscape is radically different."
But it would help satisfy Trump's campaign promise to their Christian political base. While the appointment of Sessions is a promise fulfilled, some religious conservatives remain concerned that Trump won't deliver. When they were Indiana's governor, Vice President Mike Pence signed a religious freedom law but softened it after criticism that it was discriminatory, a move that disappointed some conservatives.
Trump still has not signed an executive order to boost protections for those with religious objections to gay marriage and create a working group within the Justice Department to protect "the religious freedom of persons and religious organizations."
Groups ranging from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to Sasser's First Liberty Institute have launched campaigns urging Trump to enact broad protections for religious objectors to laws such as gay marriage and abortion.
No moment is too sacred to puncture: Scovell was invited to meet with Joss Whedon, the creator of “Buffy the Vampire Slayer” — then their favorite show on TV — about a staff position. They were 38 weeks pregnant at the interview. “Boy, are you fat,” Whedon said. (His producer followed up with, “Should I put down a tarp?”) They didn't get the job.
Photo
If the sprinkling of sociological terms like “stereotype threat” sounds familiar, it's because Scovell collaborated with Sheryl Sandberg on their study-laden blockbuster, “Lean In.” Sandberg, the Facebook executive, provides the TED Talk-ready foreword to “Just the Funny Parts,” writing that “whoever said feminists weren't funny never met Nell.” (At their own mother's funeral, Scovell, one of five siblings, held up an envelope and announced that it contained “the name of mom's favorite child.”) A career in the entertainment industry — scaled like a jungle gym, not a ladder — meant Scovell lived “Lean In” long before they wrote it, Sandberg says. “Just the Funny Parts” is a record of their scramble, retrofitted with post-“Lean In” indignation. (She took Shandling's words as a compliment at first.)
The bar for contemporary women-in-comedy books was set in 2011 with Tina Fey's “Bossypants,” which managed advice that was both hilarious and accurate — no pigtails or tube tops at the office, no diet foods in meetings and cry at work if you must because “it terrifies everyone.” Scovell's lessons are less jokey and more emotionally bare; they even confess a few things that our feminist foremothers have taught us to keep buttoned up — like the lines that they crossed, too — which feels freeing. Over all, though, “Just the Funny Parts” functions best not when Scovell is recounting some backstage encounter on “The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour” or “Newhart” but when she's rankled. My first laugh came on Page 58, when Scovell, their contributions on a show once again ignored, asks a female co-worker: “Am I corporeal? You can see and hear me, right?”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Gender aside, their comedy bona fides are solid: Scovell is from a large, neurotic, bookish, mercilessly honest — though loving — Jewish family in Massachusetts. They went to Harvard and wrote for Spy magazine. With a few biographical tweaks, they could be Conan O'Brien. (The two intersected as writers on a short-lived '80s talk show.) In typical overachiever fashion, even their failures — Scovell writes that they were too full of self-doubt to apply for The Harvard Lampoon — led them somewhere: They became a sportswriter for The Boston Globe, then moved to New York and got a staff job at Vanity Fair. But Scovell soon realized that their high-concept style was better suited for TV. “Writing for TV made way more sense than writing for magazines,” they say. “And by sense, I mean money.”
For aspiring writers, the book has just enough practical advice on story pitches and script editing to qualify as a how-to. “When I write, I feel like an optometrist, constantly flipping between lenses and asking: ‘Is this better? Is this?' Slowly, the work comes into focus,” they explain. An appendix lists all of their jobs, from Lifetime movies to “NCIS,” and, more bracingly for those starting out, the dozens of scripts unproduced over their 30-year career. Along the way, they married an architect and had two sons, and they are brisk about the fact that their husband's staying at home with the boys — carting them around to sets as they wrote, produced and directed — is what made them employable.
Photo
In their 40s and beyond, female executives kept them afloat, they say. Scovell built up a deep network of friends and allies, though strikingly, even in the photos of their gang, they are usually the only woman. The book is laid out like the old joke about the arc of a Hollywood career: Part 1: “Who is Nell Scovell?” Part 2: “Get me Nell Scovell!” Part 3: “Get me a younger, cheaper Nell Scovell!” And finally: “Who is Nell Scovell?”
Just as they are getting to that last stage, however, they meet Sandberg, whose spirit infuses this book: in the references to studies about how men are perceived as confident while women are taught to deflect credit, or in the anecdotes about how Scovell is judged on their presumed emotions rather than their actual abilities. When the two women worked together on “Lean In,” Scovell was overjoyed to find an outlet for their frustration — finally, here was data to back up their sense of inequity! — and for the reader, that emotional shift comes not a moment too soon, as one thing that's sacrificed in their litany of miscreants is a larger sense of why they love or even wants a career in entertainment anymore. “Running a show is like being beaten to death with your own dream,” a producer they worked with on the series they created, “Sabrina the Teenage Witch,” says.
There are career high points, too; I would have gladly read another chapter on the feminist platform presented by “Murphy Brown.” But through connections made at Facebook, “Lean In” brings an even more rarefied opportunity: writing jokes for President Obama. Finally, the payoff! Scovell is understandably giddy at crafting one-liners for the White House Correspondents Dinner, to be delivered by the leader of the free world — a man who just happens to know how to land a punch line.
There's no time to wallow, now, in that era's ending; there's too much to fix. Though no doubt Scovell would have had it otherwise, the fact that “Just the Funny Parts” is landing at such a charged moment — when women are exquisitely, bruisingly fed up — may be a stroke of luck. In their introduction, Scovell does joke about calling the book “Just the Angry and Bitter Parts,” but says they hoped not to outright discourage young writers. Besides, they add, “that would be an eight-volume set.”
A rented van that drove along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15, is apparently the latest example of a driver using a vehicle as a weapon in recent years. Some of the attacks were orchestrated by extremist groups, others by unstable individuals with unclear motives. Radical groups have urged supporters to use any weapons at hand, including cars, a tactic that presents a major challenge for security forces around the world.
Here's a look at some other attacks:
___
Oct. 31, 2017
A Halloween attack on a bike path in New York City killed eight and injured 11 others. Authorities say Sayfullo Saipov of Paterson, New Jersey, was inspired by the Islamic State group when they mowed people down in rented truck near the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan.
___
Aug. 17, 2017
A rented van veered into Barcelona's crowded Las Ramblas promenade, swerving along the walkway and killing 13 people. Armed with an ax, knives and false explosives belts, attackers then drove a second vehicle to the boardwalk in the resort town of Cambrils early the next day, fatally injuring one person. Five of those attackers were shot to death. Authorities said a cell of at least nine extremists plotted to combine vehicles and explosives in a direct hit on tourists. Islamic State claimed the group as its own.
___
Aug. 12, 2017
A car slammed into a crowd protesting a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing 32-year-old legal assistant Heather Heyer. The driver of the car, James Alex Fields Jr., described as an admirer of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany, was photographed with white nationalist demonstrators before the deadly crash. Fields is charged with murder and other offenses. Two Virginia state troopers also died in the crash of their helicopter, which was monitoring the rally.
___
June 19, 2017
A van attack on a crowd of Muslim worshippers near two north London mosques killed a 51-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant and injured nine other people. The worshippers were spilling out of the mosques following Ramadan prayers. British authorities charged Darren Osborne, an unemployed man from Wales, with murder and attempted murder. Police characterized the incident as a terrorist attack directed at Muslims.
___
April 7, 2017
A man drove a stolen beer truck into a crowd of afternoon shoppers outside the upmarket Ahlens store in Stockholm, killing four and injuring 15 others. An Uzbek man, Rakhmat Akilov, was later arrested and pleaded guilty to a terrorist crime for ramming the truck into the crowd.
___
March 22, 2017
A man identified by police as Khalid Masood ran their rented SUV into pedestrians on London's Westminster Bridge. Four people were killed. Masood was eventually shot and killed by police, but not before stabbing a police officer to death on the grounds of Parliament. Police say Masood was inspired by extremist ideology, but that there's no evidence they had direct links to the Islamic State group or al-Qaida.
___
Jan. 20 , 2017
A man with a history of mental health and drug abuse issues drove into a street crowded with pedestrians in Melbourne, Australia's second-largest city, killing at least four people, including a child, and injuring around 15 others. The 26-year-old man was arrested, and police said the incident had no links to terrorism.
___
Jan. 8, 2017
A Palestinian truck driver rammed their vehicle into a crowd of Israeli soldiers at a popular Jerusalem tourist spot, killing four people and wounding 17 in the deadliest single attack of more than a year of Israeli-Palestinian violence. It was the latest in a string of stabbings, shootings and vehicle ramming attacks in a wave of violence that erupted in the fall of 2015.
___
Dec. 19, 2016
A young Tunisian rammed a truck into a crowded Berlin Christmas market, killing 12 and injuring dozens in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group. It was the first mass casualty attack by Islamic extremists carried out on German soil. Attacker Anis Amri, who had been denied asylum in Germany, was later killed by police in Italy after an international manhunt.
___
Nov. 28, 2016
Eighteen-year-old Somali-born Abdul Razak Ali Artan drove a car into a crowd of students at Ohio State University. Artan then attacked bystanders with a knife before they were shot and killed by OSU police officer Alan Horujko. Thirteen people were injured in the attack.
___
July 14, 2016
A Tunisian residing in France plowed a refrigerator truck through a crowd celebrating Bastille Day on the Mediterranean beachfront in Nice, killing 86. Attacker Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, who claimed allegiance to the Islamic State group, was killed by police. Cities around the world beefed up measures to prevent vehicle attacks in response.
___
December 2014
A motorist injured 13 pedestrians in the French city of Dijon. A day later, a man ran over pedestrians at a Christmas market in Nantes in western France, killing one and injuring nine. Both suspects, who survived, had histories of mental illness.
___
Oct. 20, 2014
A 25-year-old man drove their car into Canadian Air Force members near Montreal, killing one and injuring another. Authorities said the driver was a convert to Islam and had been flagged for jihadist ambitions. They were later shot dead by police.
Judges not cause of cases delay in courts – CJN – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nigeria living in abject energy poverty – Energy Economists
By Michael Eboh
The Nigerian Association for Energy Economics, Tuesday, stated that Nigeria, despite its abundant energy resources, can best be described as a country living in abject energy poverty.
In their presentation at the second and concluding day of the 11th Annual International Conference of the Nigerian Association for Energy Economics, NAEE in Abuja, President of the NAEE, Professor Wumi Iledare, stated that Nigeria's abject energy poverty was as a result of the country's over-dependence on hydrocarbon production for revenue rather than for value creation.
They said, “Certainly, the Nigeria story can best be described as a nation living in abject energy poverty, amidst abundant energy resources.
“That Nigeria is overly too dependent on hydrocarbon production for revenues, rather than value-creation, is an understatement. This is a major hindrance to the nation's economic growth and sustainable development potential.”
“The mind-boggling question is: how can a nation with significant abundant resources be so paradoxically undeveloped and dependent on its survival on crude oil exports? Yet Nigeria has often been referred to as a gas province with small scattered oil fields here and there. However, these huge gas resources have had an epileptic contribution to the national economy.”
Iledare noted that the Nigeria's economic vulnerability to crude oil price and supply shocks was as a result of its dependence on oil for revenue rather than for value-creation.
“Furthermore, the fall in global oil price also recorded another huge shock to Nigeria's economy in terms of assets divestment, low exploration and production activities and oil market glut, thereby ensuring that the management of the consequences of petroleum dependent has resulted to transfer payment and rent-seeking mentality,” they explained.
He, however, expressed optimism that Nigeria's situation was about to change, while they called on energy professionals to rise to the challenges confronting the country and and create a platform to address these energy policy issues.
Executive Secretary of the PTDF, Mr. Aliyu Gusau, had in the first day of the conference, stated that the current business model in the Nigerian petroleum industry, which is focused on the upstream sector, would not provide the needed foundation for the country's journey to a post-oil economy.
Gusau lamented that having gone through all the four petroleum industry bills soon to become law, they discovered that the bills did not emphasis issues of value creation.
They said, “Unfortunately, I have gone through all the four Bills of the petroleum industry waiting to become law; I have seen fiscal and regulatory provision about the mid-stream and the downstream; but I have not seen anything in all the four bills that incentivizes value generation. This is the challenge I must put forward, because this is the key in our journey to a post-oil economy in Nigeria.
They argued that happenings in the global oil and gas landscape, such as the shale phenomenon, would certainly impact Nigeria and had brought to the fore, the need for the country to begin the transition to a post-oil economy.”
The post Nigeria living in abject energy poverty – Energy Economists appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Report Cards for Schools Now Available
by Claire Jacobs
Alabama parents can now view report cards for their child's school and school system.
The state department of education released the report cards in December. It scores based on several areas, including student achievement and high school graduation rates. Parents can see how their school or school system compares to the rest of the state. Right now, the report cards will not include letter grades. Those won't be added until December of this year.
The report cards for the state's schools and school systems can be viewed here.
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) have approved applications from a further eight Russian athletes to compete neutrally in 2018.
Hurdles athletes Mariya Aglitskaya, Timofey Chalyy and Vera Rudakova have been found to have met the IAAF's exceptional eligibility criteria.
Distance runners Yevgeniy Rybakov and Fyodor Shutov have also been granted the status along with pole vaulters Georgiy Gorokhov and Timur Morgunov.
High jumper Ilya Ivanyuk has also had their application approved.
The latest decisions mean a total of 67 Russian athletes have so far been declared eligible to compete as authorised neutral athletes in 2018.
The IAAF said 62 applications have been denied, while a further five athletes have had their neutral status revoked.
Overall, 199 applications have been received by the IAAF from Russian athletes.
In December 2016, the IAAF allowed Russian athletes who met specific anti-doping criteria to compete at events as neutrals, following the suspension of the Russian Athletics Federation (RusAF) in November 2015.
This came after the World Anti-Doping Agency's (WADA) Independent Commission uncovered widespread doping offences in Russian track and field.
A simplified application process for athletes to apply was launched in December 2017.
Vera Rudakova, right, will be able to compete internationally as a neutral athlete ©Getty Images
The governing body say that they will only make further announcements when decisions are reached by their doping review board, which consists of Robert Hersh, Sylvia Barlag and Antti Pihlakoski.
Last month, the IAAF approved 33 Russian applications to compete neutrally at the World Under-20 Championships and European Under-18 Championships.
The IAAF had approved several neutral athletes in January, February and April.
Russia's ongoing suspension is set to be reviewed by the IAAF next month at their next Council meeting.
In March, the IAAF said RusAF could face potential expulsion should progress not be made towards reinstatement.
The IAAF Taskforce, chaired by Norway's Rune Andersen, stated a recommendation could be made to withdraw permission for clean Russian athletes to compete neutrally, while there is also the potential to explore the expulsion of Russian membership entirely.
JACKSON, Miss. — President Donald Trump has honoured figures of the civil rights movement, some famous, some not, at a ceremony that exposed stark divisions among Americans about their commitment to that legacy.
Trump on Saturday toured the new Mississippi Civil Rights Museum and the adjacent Museum of Mississippi, both in Jackson. Outside, demonstrators protested their presence, some holding signs that said “Make America Civil Again” and “Lock Him Up” and others shouting “No Trump, no hate, no KKK in the USA.” During the opening ceremony, about 25 people stood silently with Confederate battle flag stickers covering their mouths.
Trump spent about 30 minutes at the museums, gave a 10-minute speech to select guests inside and flew back to their Florida estate, skipping the dedication ceremony held outside on a chilly day. They spent more time getting to Jackson than they did on the ground.
In a deliberate voice and rarely diverting from their prepared words, the president sought to honour the famous and the anonymous for their efforts on behalf of freedom and equality. They did not acknowledge the anger their participation had sparked leading up to the dedication.
“The civil rights museum records the oppression, cruelty and injustice inflicted on the African-American community, the fight to bring down Jim Crow and end segregation, to gain the right to vote and to achieve the sacred birthright of equality,” they said. “And it's big stuff. That's big stuff.”
Trump has been accused of harbouring racial animosity, and critics cite their blaming of “both sides” for deadly violence at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the summer. Trump has also relentlessly criticized NFL players for kneeling during the national anthem to protest racism and police brutality largely directed at African-American males.
Trump opened their presidential campaign by branding Mexicans as rapists and criminals, and while campaigning called for a “complete and total shutdown” of Muslims entering the U.S. after a deadly gun attack in San Bernardino, California.
The national president of the NAACP and the mayor of Mississippi's capital city said they kept their distance from Trump because of their “pompous disregard” for the values embodied by the civil rights movement.
Derrick Johnson, head of the nation's oldest civil rights organization, and Mayor Chokwe Lumumba said at a news conference Saturday that they looked forward to a “grander opening” of the museum that they can attend.
“We will never cede the stage to an individual who will fight against us,” Johnson said. “We will not allow the history of those who sacrificed to be tarnished for political expediency.”
Johnson and Lumumba spoke to about 100 supporters, including some who participated in the civil rights demonstrations of the 1960s, at Smith Robertson Museum and Cultural Center. Once the first public school built for African-Americans in Jackson, it's now a museum to black history and culture.
Lumumba called Trump to task for “his pompous disregard for all of those factors that will not enable us to stand with them today.”
The state's attorney general, Jim Hood, criticized Republican Gov. Phil Bryant for inviting Trump. “It threw cold water in the face of people who fought the battles for civil rights,” Hood said.
Bryant, who introduced Trump, spoke of “the emotion that comes over you in waves as you see the past, the struggle, the conflict. I'm so very proud today that the president of the United States was here to see and witness it.”
Trump told Bryant the museums would be a “great legacy” for them as governor.
In their remarks, Trump drew on the achievements of civil rights veterans.
“Today we strive to be worthy of their sacrifice,” they said. “We pray for inspiration from their example. We want our country to be a place where every child from every background can grow up free from fear, innocent of hatred and surrounded by love, opportunity and hope. Today we pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past and dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice and peace.”
They called the museums “labours of love — love for Mississippi, love for your nation, love for God-given dignity written into every human soul.”
Trump singled out Medgar Evers, the Mississippi NAACP leader who was shot to death outside their home in 1963. Their widow, Myrlie, was in the audience for Trump's speech and drew a standing ovation when they acknowledged them
Trump said Medgar Evers “knew it was long past time for their nation to fulfil its founding promise to treat every citizen as an equal child of God.” Evers, Trump said, now rests in Arlington National Cemetery “beside men and women of all races, backgrounds and walks of life who've served and sacrificed for our country. Their headstones do not mark the colour of their skin but immortalize the courage of their deeds.”
Myrlie Evers did not mention Trump in their remarks a short time later at the outdoor public ceremony. “Regardless of race, creed or colour, we are all Americans. … If Mississippi can rise to the occasion, then the rest of the country should be able to do the same thing,” they said.
Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., a leader of the civil rights movement, was among those who stayed away. They said Trump's presence at the museum opening was an insult.
The White House accused Lewis and others of injecting politics into a moment it said could be used to bring people together.
——
Associated Press writers Jeff Amy and Emily Wagster Pettus contributed to this report.
——
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Between Don Lemon's on-air theatrics at CNN and Mariah Carey's trainwreck of a performance on ABC's Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve, 2017's celebrations were already off to a pretty weird start. The word “weird” may also apply to the night Texas State Rep. Armando Martinez (D-Weslaco) had just north of the U.S.-Mexico border, though “shocking,” “horrific,” and “miraculous” work just as well. That's because Martinez was struck in the head by a random bullet fragment.
Martinez, who spoke with CNN on Monday, said he'd just kissed their wife at midnight and had stepped outside of their Weslaco home when the stray bullet hit. “It felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head,” they explained. Doctors later told them the fragment had only punctured the top of their head, causing mostly surface damage but thankfully not penetrating any further:
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated their skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez. The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital. “Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation,” Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra and their office suspect Martinez “was hit by a stray bullet,” thought as department spokesperson JP Rodriguez noted, “there is no evidence to indicate they were targeted.”
(Via CNN)
PULLMAN, Wash. — Washington State leading scorer Robert Franks has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and will return for their senior season.
Franks, the Pac-12's Most Improved Player last season, announced Wednesday that they would return.
Franks declared for the draft in March but did not hire an agent. Their return is good news for Washington State, which lost Drick Bernstine to graduation and point guard Malachi Flynn to a transfer.
Last season, Franks averaged 17.4 points and 6 rebounds per game. They were an honourable mention All-Pac-12 selection.
Any articles or press releases must contain contact information including your telephone number, exceptions being made for writers from inside Eritrea only. If you are writing from Eritrea, state that you are writing from Eritrea and you will be given instruction to securely verify that you are actually writing from Eritrea.
No google phone or VOIP phone numbers are allowed. Each submission must have the following line: contact informationfollowed by a telephone number, your full real name; that is, even if you desire to use a different "pen name".
We have added strict SPAM filter on our Email Server, any email that has more than one recipient and not addressed to the proper asmarino pages (English, Tigrigna, Arabic pages) will be stored in the junk folder possibly delaying posting or never be posted.
From now onward, we are not going to accept multiple postingsof articles. Exceptions will be made when an article is also posted at another website with a different audience, with little or no overlap with asmarino audience.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Death toll rises to 12 in London blaze – Police
“It is very, very challenging to put a number on those unaccounted for,” Mr. Cundy told reporters.
The post Death toll rises to 12 in London blaze – Police appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Wondering where to take your child to see Santa this Christmas?
Here are the details of grottos across Derbyshire. We can easily add to this list though so if you'd like your event adding, please email the details to louise.cooper@jpress.co.uk.
Appeal Court clears Orubebe, nullifies CCT's false asset declaration ruling
The Appeal Court says the former minister broke no law.
The post Appeal Court clears Orubebe, nullifies CCT's false asset declaration ruling appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Entertainment of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: Yen.com.gh
2017-10-07
Lil Win and Odehyie Ba
Fellow musician, OdehyieBa, who until recently was part of Lil Win camp, has accused Lil Win's camp of threatening their life. They were featured on Lil Win's popular song “Ladder”.
OdehyieBa indicated that they are the one who wrote compose dthe song “Ladder”, but was not rewarded for their work. They further alleged that Lil Win often goes abroad to perform with the song, but has till date failed to give them credit.
They went on to say that they were at a point in time assaulted in a studio, as a result of a number of issues, though they knew nothing about the situation.
They did not end there; they claim that a member of Lil Win's camp took a video of him, as they slept naked. They claim that the said recording is being used to threaten him.
The last straw, they claimed, was when they asked Lil Win to help them out with a song, a request that was denied.
CINCINNATI — Andy Dalton hasn't seen this much change in the Bengals' offence since their rookie season. He's expecting even more when the NFL draft begins on Thursday.
For the second straight year, the Bengals need a lot of help on offence.
They chose receiver John Ross and running back Joe Mixon with their first two picks last season, hoping to inject big plays into an offence that had declined.
Instead, things got even worse — Cincinnati finished last in the league in offence for the first time in its history.
Offensive co-ordinator Bill Lazor has been given a free hand to overhaul the offence, and the Bengals are expected to put a heavy accent on it during the draft.
“That's one of the big things that we're trying to do here: Start from scratch, make things feel new,” Dalton said.
“There are a lot of new faces and coaches, a couple new players, and I think we have more coming in the next couple of weeks. Things feel new, and that's a good thing.
“What we've done in the last couple of years wasn't good enough, and so we've got to do things a different way.”
There are new co-ordinators on offence and defence, although head coach Marvin Lewis was retained and given a two-year contract extension that provide more chances to get their elusive first playoff win. The Bengals started a youth movement last season and it didn't go smoothly, especially on the offence.
Unlike previous years when the Bengals could draft from a long-term perspective, they'll be thinking about immediate impacts from its top picks.
Some things to watch with the Bengals' draft:
OH!-LINE
The offensive line was the biggest factor in Cincinnati's fall to the bottom of the league. The Bengals let left tackle Andrew Whitworth and right guard Kevin Zeitler leave as free agents, and the line fell apart. In this off-season, centre Russell Bodine signed a two-year deal with Buffalo, creating another hole. They've begun addressing the problem through the draft already, trading with the Bills for left tackle Cordy Glenn. The teams swapped first-round picks, with Buffalo moving up to No. 12 and Cincinnati sliding to 21st overall. They need more help in the draft.
ANOTHER QB?
The Bengals took AJ McCarron in the fifth round in 2014, hoping to acquire a reliable backup for Dalton. The move worked well — McCarron took over when Dalton broke the thumb on their passing hand in 2015 and led the Bengals into the playoffs. McCarron left for Buffalo as a free agent, and the Bengals signed Matt Barkley to a two-year deal, but it wouldn't be a surprise if they considered a quarterback in the fifth round again.
LINEBACKER DAZE
Vontaze Burfict is suspended for the first four games of the season — the third year in a row that he's serving punishment from the NFL. As long as he's around, there will be a need for depth at that position. Burfict has missed the start of each of the past four seasons because of injury or suspensions.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Bengals haven't gotten much from the offensive players taken in the opening rounds the past three years. They chose offensive tackles Cedric Ogbuehi and Jake Fisher in the first two rounds in 2015. Ogbuehi has struggled to keep a spot, and Fisher had a procedure for an irregular heartbeat last year. Receiver Tyler Boyd — a second-round pick in 2016 — managed only 22 caches in 10 games in 2017. Last year, Ross had shoulder surgery that limited them at the start of training camp and wound up with only one carry — they fumbled — and no receptions before another shoulder injury ended their season. Mixon started seven games and finished with 626 yards and a 3.5-yard average.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP–NFL
[PHOTOS] Rotimi Amaechi throws surprise party for Basorge
Nigerian stand-up comedian and actor, Basoene Kelsey Tariah Jr, better known as Basorge, marked their 50th birthday recently. See photos: Photo credit: TNG Source: Punch
The post [PHOTOS] Rotimi Amaechi throws surprise party for Basorge appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Aeroflot Group reported a 2018 1Q net loss of RUB11.5 billion ($2 million), nearly doubled from a year-ago period. Revenue for the quarter was RUB111.9 billion, up 8.5% year-over-year (YOY).
The results are published according to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
“This is the first time that Aeroflot Group has published its consolidated IFRS financial results for the first quarter of the year. This has been made possible by the company's focus on improving its internal accounting systems with the goal of accelerating the closing of the accounting period and submitting its financial reporting,” Aeroflot deputy CEO for commerce and finance Shamil Kurmashov said. “Publishing 1Q financial results will increase transparency for stakeholders, above all shareholders and investors, and will help them deepen their understanding of the company and its seasonal trends.”
“The first three months are traditionally weak for the Russian aviation market. This is due to a number of factors, primarily seasonality of demand, as fewer passengers fly during this period,” Kurmashov added.
In 1Q Aeroflot Group carried nearly 11 million passengers, up 6.6% YOY. Domestic traffic reached 6.1 million, up 6.5% YOY, international traffic increased 6.8% to 4.9 million. “Yields grew 3.6%, supported by currency effects, and leading to accelerated revenue growth for the quarter relative to annual rates,” the company said in a statement.
Operating costs, excluding aircraft fuel costs, increased 11% YOY to RUB89.5 billion; fuel costs were up 24.1% YOY to RUB34 billion. Operating lease expenses reached RUB18.5 billion, up 24.3% YOY, because of fleet expansion. The fleet increased 51 aircraft, or 21.1% YOY, on operating leases.
Aeroflot Group includes Moscow Sheremetyevo-based Aeroflot Airline, St. Petersburg-based Rossiya Airlines, LCC Pobeda Airlines, and the Russian Far East-based Aurora Airlines.
Aeroflot announced May 29 Shamil Kurmashov will step down as deputy CEO for commerce and finance to focus on a new area of business. The company is in the process of identifying a candidate to take up this position on a permanent basis.
Polina Montag-Girmes montag.girmes@gmail.com
Transcript for Gunman opens fire at congressional baseball practice
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
An undated photo from the Facebook account of Heather Heyer, who was killed August 12, 2017 when a car plowed into a crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S. Heather Heyer via Facebook/Handout via REUTERS
By Bernie Woodall
(Reuters) - Heather Heyer came to downtown Charlottesville with their friends to make a stand against white nationalists who converged on the Virginia college town to demand the city keep a statue honoring a Confederate war hero, their boss said on Sunday.
The 32-year-old paralegal wanted to send a clear message to the neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan sympathizers who planned to stage one of the largest far-right rallies in recent U.S. history that people abhor their views in the city where they were born, they said.
But their decision to join counter-protesters on Saturday resulted in tragedy when a 20-year-old Ohio man drove their car at high speed into a line of marchers, killing Heyer and injuring at least 19 others.
A strong sense of social justice was a constant theme in Heyer's personal and working life, said Alfred Wilson, bankruptcy division manager at the Miller Law Group.
"There have been times that I've walked back to their office and they had tears in their eyes" for various injustices they saw in the world, said Wilson, such as the time they were weeping after reading anti-Muslim comments online, Wilson said.
Heyer was "a very strong, very opinionated young woman" who "made known that they were all about equality," they told Reuters on Sunday.
The two have worked closely since Heyer joined the firm a little more than five years ago.
"Purple was their favorite color," said Wilson, recalling that Heyer shared a duplex apartment in Charlottesville with a beloved pet Chihuahua named Violet. "She would wear purple a lot, and they would wear it every day if they could get away with it."
Born in Charlottesville, the home of the University of Virginia's main campus, Heyer was raised in a nearby town and graduated from William Monroe High School in Stanardsville.
A big part of Heyer's job was to help people who were trying to avoid being evicted from their homes, or have their cars repossessed, or needed help paying medical bills, they said.
Heyer was a supporter of Bernie Sanders, who ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic presidential nomination won by Hillary Clinton, Wilson said.
As a white woman, they thought it unfair that they enjoyed liberties that Wilson, as a black man, did not, they said.
"You're college-educated, but if you walk into the store you may have people following you, and it's not fair," Wilson quoted Heyer as having said to them often.
Heyer, said Wilson, was strongly opposed to President Donald Trump, and they also spoke out against Jason Kessler, the blogger who organized the "Unite the Right" rally that was broken up before it began on Saturday.
"A big thing that bothered Heather was this whole past election," said Wilson. "She would literally sit in the office and cry at times because they were worried about what was going to happen to the country."
(Reporting by Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Editing by Frank McGurty and Chris Reese)
BATON ROUGE, La. — Tremont Waters had 27 points and a season-high 11 assists as LSU defeated Arkansas 94-86 in a Southeastern Conference game Saturday.
The Tigers (13-9, 4-6) never trailed after Daryl Edwards' 3-pointer put them ahead 13-12 less than eight minutes into the game. The Razorbacks' deficit was less than six points on just two occasions after halftime.
Waters, who had scored fewer than nine points in five of LSU's last seven games, was 7 of 14 from the field with four 3-pointers. The 27 points were the most for Waters against an SEC opponent this season. Waters also made a season-high nine foul shots in ten attempts.
“We came out sharing the ball a lot,” Waters said. “I felt like the offence was going to come, so we had to focus on defence a lot more. Hitting the 3s gave us momentum. We are a shooting team. We just have to come out and know that we can make those and not second guess ourselves.”
Four other Tigers players scored in double figures led by Aaron Epps with 16 points. Skylar Mays had 15 points, while Edwards had 14 and Brandon Sampson had 13. LSU made a season-high 15 shots from behind the 3-point line.
“We were saving up our makes for that game,” LSU coach Will Wade said. “Anytime you shoot it well like that you should win. We shot it well from 3. We shot it well from the free-throw line. Tremont played well. There's not a whole lot else you can say. It was a good win and we needed it.”
Daryl Macon was the top scorer for Arkansas (15-8, 4-6) with 22 points. Jaylen Barford added 15 points. Both Anton Beard and Trey Thompson had 11 points, while Daniel Gafford had 10.
“LSU shot the ball extremely well,” Arkansas coach Mike Anderson said. “It wasn't a defensive game. It was more of an offensive showcase. Waters did a good job of getting the ball to the right people. Those guys did a good job of spotting up and knocking down shots. They shot it with confidence.”
BIG PICTURE
Arkansas: The Razorbacks' NCAA tournament hopes took a hit as they lost for the fifth time in six SEC road games this season. Arkansas' only conference road victory came in double overtime at Georgia.
LSU: After dropping back-to-back road games by 20-plus points at Auburn and Tennessee, the Tigers returned home and led from almost start to finish against the Razorbacks.
PERIMETER SHOOTING SHOWS UP
All five of LSU's perimeter players — Tremont Waters, Skylar Mays, Randy Onwuasor, Daryl Edwards and Brandon Sampson — made fewer than 30 per cent of their 3-point shots in the first nine SEC games. There was a dramatic change against Arkansas as the Tigers perimeter players were a combined 12 of 23 from behind the 3-point line. Waters made four 3-pointers, while both Mays and Edwards had three and Sampson sank two. LSU's 15 3-pointers were the fourth most in school history.
NO FAVORITE PLACE
Arkansas has struggled on the road all season with only one victory away from Fayetteville. It is no surprise that the Razorbacks didn't find relief at the Pete Maravich Assembly Center. Arkansas has lost 13 of its last 15 games against LSU in Baton Rouge. One of the two victories came last season. In addition, the Razorbacks were beaten in two regular-season games by the Tigers for the first time in nine years. LSU beat Arkansas at Bud Walton Arena 75-54 last month.
UP NEXT
Arkansas will return home to face South Carolina on Tuesday.
LSU will attempt to end a three-game road losing streak at Florida on Wednesday.
LIMESTONE, TN (WJHL) – A local zoo has ended the sale of one of its animals after receiving backlash from an animal rights group.
Brights Zoo, which is located in Limestone, had planned to a young male giraffe named Alf to a facility in Texas.
According to PETA, it is a facility linked to canned hunts.
PETA reached out to News Channel 11 saying it urged the zoo not to ship Alf to the facility.
Brights Zoo posted on Facebook, saying in part: “due to a heavy volume of animal rights activist Brights Zoo and Wildlife Partners has agreed to end the sale of Alf.”
The zoo said it felt confident Alf would have been in great hands at Wildlife Partners in Texas.
Now, Brights Zoo says it will break ground on a new giraffe barn.
It said “Wildlife Partners has agreed to sell us a female giraffe not related to Alf in the next two years. This will be a huge expense for the zoo, but we have been left with little to no choice in this matter.”
The zoo is now trying to raise money to build the new facility.
Copyright WJHL 2017. All rights reserved.
Atiku to Unveil Agenda for Nigeria Wednesday
Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar and chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Wednesday in London unveil their plans to unlock “the immeasurable potentials of Nigeria” for the benefit of the people.
Scheduled to give an economic speech at the London Royal Institute of International Affairs (Chatham House), United Kingdom, they will dwell on delivering jobs, prosperity, security, among other concerns of the citizens.
According to a statement issued by their media office in Abuja on Monday, the presidential aspirant's keynote speech entitled “The Importance of Strengthening State Economic Management Systems” will lay bare novel and real prescriptions that when implemented will help Nigerian states come out from their economic quagmire and ultimately gets Nigeria working again.
The statement revealed that Chatham keynote speech is one in a series of engagements by the PDP presidential hopeful to showcase the possibilities that exist in Nigeria and how to unlock its huge potentials to the good of all Nigerians.
According to a statement, Atiku will also deliver another major keynote speech at the Invest Africa and British Council for Africa “Annual Debate.”
The former Vice President will be speaking alongside Dr Liam Fox, International Trade Secretary of the United Kingdom Government, on the subject of “Building new trade partnerships in Africa”
The statement added: “These engagements are a follow-up to Atiku Abubakar's meeting in June of 2017 with Liam Fox and Prime Minister Theresa May where they discussed the UK's plan for increased trade with Nigeria post-Brexit.”
The PDP presidential hopeful will also be the guest of honour at a lunch on Nigerian inward investment to be hosted by Lord Anthony St John (former UK Minister for Africa) and be a guest speaker at Round Table of key UK business leaders keen in investing in Nigeria at the Institute of Directors, Pall Mall.
“The visit to the UK by Atiku Abubakar, one of Nigeria's most successful business leaders and foremost advocates for restructuring and free trade, is a continuation of their life-long commitment to finding real solutions to help rescue Nigeria from its current economic crisis and set it on the path of economic growth and prosperity,” the statement added.
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Atiku to Unveil Agenda for Nigeria Wednesday appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tears, anger as China's World Cup dream fades
< Previous 1 of 10 Next > Feng Xiaoting of China (L) vies for the ball with Mahmoud Almawas of Syria in their FIFA World Cup 2018 Group A third round qualifying match at the Hang Jebat Stadium in Kampung Kerubong in Malacca on June 13, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / MANAN VATSYAYANA Have you read Trendiee Today? Click here to read Feng Xiaoting of China (R) vies for the ball with Mardek Mardkian of Syria in their FIFA World Cup 2018 Group A third round qualifying match at the Hang Jebat Stadium in Kampung Kerubong in Malacca on June 13, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / MANAN VATSYAYANA Zeng Cheng of China reacts after a 2-2 draw against Syria in their FIFA World Cup 2018 Group A third round qualifying match at the Hang Jebat Stadium in Kampung Kerubong in Malacca on June 13, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / MANAN VATSYAYANA Feng Xiaoting (R) of China reacts after a 2-2 draw against Syria in their FIFA World Cup 2018 Group A third round qualifying match at the Hang Jebat Stadium in Kampung Kerubong in Malacca on June 13, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / MANAN VATSYAYANA Zhang Linpeng (R) of China consoles their teammate after a 2-2 draw against Syria in their FIFA World Cup 2018 Group A third round qualifying match at the Hang Jebat Stadium in Kampung Kerubong in Malacca on June 13, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / MANAN VATSYAYANA
Marcello Lippi's China vowed to fight on after their 2018 World Cup hopes were all but destroyed when Syria's late equaliser left them bottom of their qualifying group and with their captain in tears.
The Italian coach angrily blamed the referee after Ahmad Al Salih's injury-time free-kick secured a 2-2 draw, dealing a hammer blow to China's already remote chances.
Captain Feng Xiaoting wept after the final whistle as Lippi, who led Italy to the 2006 World Cup title, struggled to contain their fury.
“It was a very disappointing result for us, we deserved three points,” Lippi said, according to the state-run China Daily.
“Our performance in the first half was not that good, but we did a very good job in the second half and turned the game around.”
“Unfortunately the referee changed the game. I don't understand why they made that call. It was a fatal decision for us,” Lippi said.
Lippi appeared to be referring to the decision by referee Ammar Aljneibi of the UAE to award Syria the pivotal free-kick in stoppage time.
Not all decisions went against China, who were handed a lifeline with what looked like a soft penalty to make it 1-1 on 68 minutes.
Wu Xi's volley six minutes later put China in sight of victory but they were stunned when Al Salih swept home their free kick in the third added minute.
China, who are investing heavily at international, domestic and grassroots football, are now bottom of Asian qualifying Group A with just two games left.
Only the top two teams earn an automatic spot at next year's World Cup in Russia, with the third-placed side going into play-offs.
A distraught skipper Feng said: “We did so well in the second half and we almost got the win.
“But this is football. It is so hard for me to accept the result, but we will fight to the end.”
China now need big wins over Uzbekistan in August and away to Qatar in September, and hope that other results go their way.
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News, Headlines and Opinions – The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
MOSCOW — A Russian fighter jet was shot down in a rebel-controlled area of Idlib province in northern Syria on Saturday, Russia's Defense Ministry said, adding that the pilot survived the initial attack by parachuting from the plane but was killed by members of a militia on the ground.
The downing of the jet occurred in one of the country's so-called de-escalation zones established last year by Russia, Iran and Turkey, in an attempt to lessen the bloodshed in Syria's long civil war.
The Russian Su-25 warplane was patrolling the Idlib area when it was struck by a missile, launched from an area controlled by rebels, the ministry said in a statement. The pilot has yet to be identified.
The rebel-held area where the plane was shot down, in the northwest of Idlib province, is controlled by several different rebel factions, including the Free Syria Army, Islamist groups and Tahrir al-Sham, an Al Qaeda-affiliated alliance.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Videos taken at the scenes of the crash and released by local activists showed flames billowing from the crumpled debris of a plane, clearly identifiable as a Su-25, and showed the red star symbol used by the Russian Air Force.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A 23-year-old man who was “out for blood” when attempted to detonate what they believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building is expected to be formally charged Monday, authorities said.
Federal officials said Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Varnell was scheduled to appear in federal court later Monday on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney.
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and “that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation.”
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more.
In a series of text messages with the FBI's informant, Varnell “claimed to have a bunker for when the world (or United States) collapsed” and indicated they were trying to build a team, the complaint states.
“I'm out for blood,” the complaint quotes Varnell's texts. “When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team.”
But an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and the device used was actually inert, authorities said. Varnell's actions were monitored closely for months as the plot developed.
“There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation,” said Kathryn Peterson, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
The undercover agent met face-to-face with them on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing, the complaint states.
Varnell indicated at the meeting that they had previously made homemade explosives and that they “was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement,” the complaint says.
“Something needs to be done,” Varnell said, but killing a lot of people was not a good idea, according to the complaint. During text conversations in July, Varnell stated they wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast, it says.
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what they believed was a stolen van. Shortly after midnight on Saturday, Varnell drove the van by themselves from a storage unit in El Reno, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from the bank in Oklahoma City, and dialed a number on a cell telephone that they believed would trigger the explosion. The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m.
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was “retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people” and “an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions.”
If convicted, Varnell faces between five and 20 years in prison.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
The U.N.'s visiting human rights envoy to Cambodia called the current political climate “tense” after what they described as a wide-ranging discussion with Interior Minister Sar Kheng in Phnom Penh on Monday.
Rhona Smith, who is on their fourth fact-finding mission since taking up the unpaid envoy role in 2015, was asked for their take on the political climate by a reporter while leaving the meeting.
“I think the political climate remains tense and it will also depend on what happens moving forward for the National Assembly elections, and I hope they are conducted in a peaceful and fair fashion,” they said, without going into any details.
Rights groups have raised alarms about the increasingly belligerent language Prime Minister Hun Sen and other top government officials have been using against critics and would-be protesters ahead of next July's national election. Similar language leading up to June's commune elections were partly to blame for preventing the vote from being free and fair, said the groups. They have also blamed court cases widely seen as politically motivated against several rights workers and opposition figures.
The government has sought to downplay talk of political tensions and has accused elections observers critical of the commune poll of trying to spark a “color revolution.”
Without going into any specifics, Ms. Smith said they and the minister also discussed prison overcrowding, police training, the government's latest anti-drug campaign and its regular roundup of drug users and beggars.
Ms. Smith, who met with CNRP president Kem Sokha earlier in the day, said they raised the opposition party's concerns about voter registration and other election issues in their meeting with the interior minister as well.
Also speaking with reporters after the meeting, Interior Ministry secretary-general Por Pheak said the minister and envoy discussed Cambodia's long-overdue treaty obligation to set up an independent committee to investigate allegations of torture by the state. They said the ministry had drafted a royal decree that would bring the committee into effect.
phearun@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Graphene-reinforced concrete offers a stronger, more durable option
In a recent study, researchers describe how the composite material, fortified by graphene, is at least two times as strong and four times more water-resistant than conventional concrete and could make future construction more sustainable.
The post Graphene-reinforced concrete offers a stronger, more durable option appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BRADENTON, Fla. (WFLA) — The Manatee County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help to find a Bradenton boy reported missing by their father.
According to deputies, 12-year-old Leonel Corona's father dropped them off at Astro Skate on 3rd Street West around 8:30 Friday night.
When their father returned around 11 p.m. to pick them up, they were told Leonel left with a friend. Leonel's family also suspected the 12-year-old went to their girlfriend's house.
Authorities checked both leads but did not find Leonel.
 They are described as 5'3″ and about 80 pounds with hair styled in a Mohawk. They were last seen wearing a green shirt, black jacket and khaki pants.
Anyone with information is asked to call (941) 747-3011.
A look at what's happening all around the majors Saturday:
——
KRYPTONITE
Justin Turner and the major league-best Dodgers try to solve nemesis Robbie Ray (15-5, 2.89 ERA, 218 Ks) in Game 2 of the NL Division Series at 9:08 p.m. EDT. Ray dominated the Dodgers during the regular season, going 3-0 in five starts with a 2.27 ERA and a whopping 53 strikeouts in 31 2/3 innings. They even went 5 for 12 (.417) at the plate with two RBIs. But the left-hander threw 34 pitches over 2 1/3 innings in relief Wednesday during Arizona's wild-card win over Colorado, so it will be interesting to see how fresh they look. Los Angeles counters with lefty Rich Hill (12-8, 3.32), who had a 2.77 ERA at home this year. They were 0-3 with a 5.03 ERA in four starts against the Diamondbacks overall.
ARMS RACE
After a well-pitched opener, it's a matchup of veteran left-handers in Game 2 of the NL Division Series between the Cubs and Nationals at 5:38 p.m. EDT. Jon Lester (13-8) starts for the defending World Series champions against Gio Gonzalez (15-9) and Washington after two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer was pushed back to Game 3 because they tweaked their right hamstring in their last regular-season outing. Gonzalez said they had been preparing to pitch Monday at Wrigley Field until they were told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2. Lester won their final two starts, allowing one run over 11 innings, after compiling an 8.22 ERA in their previous five games.
TAKE A BREAK
Boston's pitchers get a breather after being battered around by the Astros in the first two games of their ALDS, and nearly all the arms need a rest in the Yankees-Indians series following Friday's extra-innings showdown. Houston leads its best-of-five matchup 2-0 after a pair of 8-2 wins, including a three-homer outburst from Jose Altuve on Thursday and long balls from Carlos Correa and George Springer on Friday. The Red Sox and Game 3 starter Doug Fister will plot for Houston during a workout at Fenway Park before that series resumes Sunday. New York and Cleveland will get a practice day at Yankee Stadium.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Model 70 Extreme weather ss or Sako A7? Hello everyone! I'm new to this site but I'm torn on what rifle to get. I am looking at the Winchester model 70 extreme weather,Tikka T3X, Sako A7, and lastly Weatherby Vanguard. I will be getting it in 300 win mags, primary use is hunting but also will be doing some long range shooting probably 500-800 yds. All of these rifles are within a couple hundred bucks of each other so price isn't a factor. Looking for advice from people that have used these rifles. Pro's cons and suggestions. I do hand load so if someone has input on some ballistics they have good luck with that would be great. I'm probably going to be loading 150 grain nosler accubonds. Thanks
A New York judge has ordered Sony Music to disclose the identities of those it interviewed for an internal investigation into Lukas “Dr. Luke” Gottwald.
Dr. Luke is pursuing defamation claims against Kesha, and the defendant still intends to argue that their allegations of rape against the producer were truthful statements. The case is in near the end of the discovery phase, and Kesha has sought to find out what Sony knows. Accordingly, Kesha has aimed to compel Sony to produce the names of those interviewed. In response, the music giant argued that such information was protected by attorney-client privilege.
In a decision today, New York Supreme Court Justice Jennifer Schecter acknowledges as Kesha has that there are many federal district court opinions holding that the disclosure of interview subjects during a company's internal investigation may constitute attorney work product.
However, Schecter credits Kesha's argument that the scope of privilege isn't identical in federal and state courts and that there's at least one case decided by a New York appellate court holding that interviewee lists do not qualify as attorney work product because they are not uniquely the product of a lawyer's learning and professional skill.
Moreover, Schecter points out that federal precedent only protects an interviewee list where disclosure would actually reveal legal strategy.
“Sony does not… ultimately provide a detailed or convincing explanation of how or why disclosure of the subject interviewee list would reveal legal strategy in this instance,” writes Schecter.
A footnote in the decision explains that Sony hasn't shown its investigation was conducted in anticipation of litigation as opposed to figuring out whether or not to continue to work with Dr. Luke. Schecter adds that Sony is no longer a party in the case, and that Kesha has articulated a need for this information.
This represents a small win for Kesha as well as a potential concern for other corporations doing internal investigations in the era of #metoo that might find witness lists to be fodder for discovery.
Meanwhile, Kesha and Dr. Luke continue to fight with each other over whether they can expand the focus of this case to include dozens of statements in the press after the lawsuit was filed. On Friday, a score of new exhibits were filed, and while most remain under seal, the court activity reveals depositions from Stefani “Lady Gaga” Germanotta, Adam Levine, and Kelly Clarkson as well as affidavits submitted from Alecia “Pink” Moore and Avril Levigne.
This story originally appeared on the Hollywood Reporter.
High-End Sports Cars Shine at Geneva Auto Show
When it comes to gawking at high-end sports cars, the Geneva International Motor Show is a pretty good place to be. There's one every few steps.
They're sleek, fast and the product of the latest engineering technology. They are also some of the most expensive cars you can buy.
As the show prepares to open to the public Thursday through March 18, here's a look at five of the most eye-catching models.
Italdesign Zerouno Duerta
The vehicle designer and builder located near Turin, Italy, offers "racing performance in a street-legal vehicle." The lightweight carbon fiber body is propelled by a 10-cylinder engine to a top speed of 310 kph (193 mph.) The low-slung two-seater with a rear spoiler has a carbon-fiber hard top that can be removed for sunny days. It is made in low numbers and sold to wealthy collectors.
The company says five will be built, and three are available for sale at around 2 million euros ($2.5 million).
Zagato IsoRivolta Vision Gran Turismo
This is a driveable in the Sony PlayStation video game Gran Turismo Sport, and if you have the money you can now bid to drive the real-world version. Design firm Zagato, based in Rho, near Milan, gave the carbon-fiber body big sweeping curves, with large wheel wells reminiscent of the 1930s. The two-person cockpit is encased in dark glass. The company uses 2018 Corvette engines from U.S. carmaker General Motors -- American muscle car power encased in Italian design. Prices are above 1.5 million euros ($1.9 million), and only five will be built.
Ferrari 488 Pista
This one has a top speed of over 211 mphs (340 kph), and a new steering system will make it easier for nonprofessional drivers to handle it, Ferrari says. The company says the car offers "blistering mechanical performance in terms of lap times and standing starts, driving pleasure and accessibility of performance to drivers of all types."
It not only looks good, with sweeping lines and large air intakes over the rear wheels, but it sounds impressive, too. Ferrari tuned the engine sound to make it "unique and unmistakable" -- and left it up to 8 decibels louder than a preceding version. The base price in the home market of Italy is 296,000 euros ($367,365), including tax.
Porsche 911 GT3 RS
This model stood out with its big rear spoiler and bright green paint job. A 4-liter, six-cylinder engine produces speeds of up to 312 kph (194 mph). Porsche offers a racing package including protective roll bar, six-point safety harness and fire extinguisher for no added cost. It's available from mid-April in the German market at prices starting from 195,137 euros, or the equivalent of $242,000 at current exchange rates.
McLaren Senna
All body lines on the Senna [pictured above] eventually lead to an intake or a vent -- a token of the race-car inspired, functional design that gives the 750,000 pounds ($1 million) luxury sports car its angular, aggressive looks. The company has buyers for all 500 of the vehicles, hand-assembled in a 300-hour process at its plant in Woking, England. The company also showed off an even faster track-only GTR version. The firm is taking "expressions of interest" for the GTR, with prices starting at a million pounds ($1.4 million) -- not including tax.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shot by McLaren (Senna) .
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Korea's SK Telecom to Build Blockchain for Identity and Asset Exchange
SK Telecom has announced plans to launch a blockchain-based platform aimed to simplify payment and subscription processes.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A gun battle broke in Brooklyn Monday afternoon, when thieves tried to hold up a gas station owned by a retired correction officer who ended up being wounded.
As CBS2's Alice Gainer reported, the robbery happened around 1:30 p.m. at the Sunoco station at Gates and Throop avenues in Bedford-Stuyvesant. The gas station remained cordoned off with crime scene tape three and a half hours later as police continued to investigate.
Evidence markers on the ground showed how many shots were fired between the men, and car windows were also shot out.
Police said two men tried to rob the gas station owned by the 70-year-old former correction officer. The owner has their own registered legal firearm and shot at the suspects, police said.
The suspects fired at the owner and wounded them in the leg, but they were expected to recover, police said.
A witness, Michael Edwards, said they counted 11 gunshots and saw the wounded owner.
“I saw them when they were taking them away on the stretcher in the ambulance…. They are, well, sitting up — well, not sitting up but raised up and talking,” Edwards said.
The suspects took off. Police had not indicated late Monday whether they stole anything.
Harley-Davidson Inc.'s CEO said they made the decision to build a plant in Thailand when it was clear the U.S. would abandon the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the free-trade agreement President Donald Trump withdrew from last year.
The motorcycle maker's decision was the “Plan B” that Harley turned to after the U.S. abandoned the trade pact with a bloc of 11 countries mostly in Asia, CEO Matt Levatich said .
“We would rather not make the investment in that facility, but that's what's necessary to access a very important market,” Levatich said of the Thailand plans. “It is a direct example of how trade policies could help this company, but we have to get on with our work to grow the business by any means possible, and that's what we're doing.”
Harley has since said it will cut about 260 U.S. jobs as it shifts production from Missouri to its factory in York, Pennsylvania, amid a deepening demand slump.
The Milwaukee-based company expects to start making motorcycles at the new manufacturing facility in Thailand later this year to circumvent what Levatich called “unbelievable trade and tariff barriers” in “critical” Southeast Asian markets.
The Thailand plant will allow Harley-Davidson to price its motorcycles more competitively in the region and still stimulate growth for its U.S. supply chain, Levatich said.
Trump's Wavering
Trump, who pulled the U.S. out of the TPP last year, recently directed U.S. officials to explore returning to the pact that's since been renamed the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership, or CPTPP.
While Trump's reported comments were welcomed by members of the trade bloc, ministers from countries including Japan, Australia and Malaysia said they opposed renegotiation of the deal to accommodate the U.S. should it decide to rejoin at a later date.
The president then tweeted last week that they were still opposed to joining and preferred bilateral trade agreements.
“We were very optimistic about what the TPP would enable for Harley-Davidson,” Levatich said. “It took seven years for it to come to fruition. We could see the writing on the wall, and we got busy with Plan B.”
By Gabrielle Coppola
MOSCOW — Russian athletes are overwhelmingly in favour of competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Games despite a ban on the national team, the country's Olympic committee said Monday.
Sofia Velikaya said the Russian Olympic Committee's athletes' commission, which they chair, has heard from “all the athletes in all sports” on the Olympic program, with a majority in favour of competing.
Velikaya said no athletes have told the ROC they would rather boycott.
“At the current moment, everyone's training and everyone's hoping to take part in the Olympics,” Velikaya said.
The International Olympic Committee last week barred the Russian team from Pyeongchang because of doping offences at the 2014 Sochi Games, but is allowing Russians to compete under a neutral flag as “Olympic Athletes from Russia.”
Last week, Russian President Vladimir Putin said the government won't stand in their way.
ROC spokesperson Konstantin Vybornov said teams from biathlon and snowboard had recorded videos affirming their desire to compete, while the men's hockey team has written “a collective letter.”
Some Russian hardliners believe it is shameful for athletes to compete at the Olympics without their national flag. But Velikaya defended the athletes, saying everyone watching will know who is from Russia.
“The choice of competing at the Olympics is strictly individual,” Velikaya said. “I call on Russian society to treat athletes' decisions with understanding and respect.”
With the IOC due to send out invitations to individual Russians over the next two months, Velikaya said Russian sports officials would put together lists of their preferred teams. Those rosters, they said, would stop the IOC from inviting “numbers five and six” in the Russian team while leaving out genuine medal contenders.
Russia is pushing back against some IOC conditions, however, backing appeals by Russian athletes banned for doping at the 2014 Sochi Olympics.
Velikaya also said their commission will ask the IOC to remove a condition stopping athletes from being invited to Pyeongchang if they have been suspended for doping in the past. That affects a few athletes with earlier offences unconnected to the Sochi Olympics, including biathletes banned for using the blood-booster EPO and speedskating world champion Denis Yuskov, who was suspended in 2008 after testing positive for marijuana.
Forcing the Russians to compete as neutral athletes puts the IOC in the uncomfortable position of regulating how they celebrate.
The Russian flag won't be flown at medal ceremonies, but what happens if a Russian winner accepts a flag or a gift from a spectator for a victory lap? Can Russian athletes fly the flag from their windows in the athletes village? Those are on a list of questions Vybornov said Russia will ask of the IOC.
“A figure skater wins, let's say, and they throw them a teddy bear in Russian uniform onto the ice,” Vybornov said. “She picks it up. Can they do that? Or is that an offence?”
Moby is auctioning off a huge amount of gear in support of the medical charity Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine. The auction is taking place at Reverb.com and begins on Thursday (April 26) and will feature a great number of synthesizers. Two of the most desirable items—a Roland Jupiter-6 and a Yamaha SY22 Vector—were used by the electronic musician primarily in the 1980s and early 90s. In terms of equipment that factored into their most beloved album, 1999's Play, there's an Ibanez guitar from the '80s. Also in the mix: a Hawaiian-styled slide guitar (watch David Lynch playing a similar one Moby gave them here), a Technics SL-1200MK2 turntable with limited-edition Moby-styled slipmat (only four in the world, according to a statement), and sombreros Moby donned with Wayne Coyne for the video for 2013's “A Perfect Life.” See the full contents of “The Official Moby Reverb Shop” here, and watch a video of Moby discussing it below.
Ekiti gov: APC inaugurates screening, appeal committees – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MANCHESTER, England — Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola was basking in a victory that might have wrapped up the Premier League title by early December when they turned on the skeptics who doubted their philosophy could work in English soccer.
“People said in England you cannot play that way,” Guardiola said after City's 2-1 win at Manchester United on Sunday. “In England, you can play that way as well.”
And who can argue with him? Their team is setting standards never before seen in the history of England's top division — and doing it in style, too.
City has won a record 14 straight games, and dropped just two points all season, to establish an 11-point lead after 16 rounds. They've scored the most goals (48) and conceded the joint-fewest (11) in the league. According to Opta, the official statistics supplier to the Premier League, City has an average possession of 71.6 per cent in matches, an average pass accuracy of 88.5 per cent, and has had more touches in the opposition box (616) than any other team.
Those are the spectacular results of their work. But as important to Guardiola is the process.
Even in the toughest periods of their first season as City, when the team was eliminated in the last 16 of the Champions League and clinched a top-four finish in the league only on the final day, Guardiola never wavered from their belief in the fundamentals of their philosophy.
Dominating possession.
Attacking at every opportunity.
Trying to win every game.
They often paid lip service to English soccer devotees who felt they needed to tweak their tactics to succeed in the Premier League, notably because of the intensity of the schedule, the weather, and the perceived high standard of the top division. Maybe they did so to downplay expectations, too.
“I'm not going to change England and I don't want to do that,” Guardiola said in January, when City was toiling amid a period of inconsistent results midway through last season. “Of course, it's going to change me. That's why I came here — to be changed.”
In some subtle aspects, perhaps they have changed. He's recognized the importance of the second ball, acknowledged that their team will not control every game for 90 minutes, grown to understand the difference with English referees.
But deep down, Guardiola was never going to change. Their philosophy, developed at Barcelona under the tutelage of their mentor and one-time coach Johan Cruyff, was too ingrained.
Only now do they feel they are being vindicated.
“We are clear, we are open,” Guardiola said after the win at Old Trafford. “We want the ball, want to attack, want to try to win the games in the way we believe. The others can do whatever they want. My players want to play, want to attack.
“Sometimes they're quicker, sometimes they're faster, but they're not a team who try to look for something special. Because we are honest. We're going to face the opponent face-to-face, to try to win.”
Guardiola has treated matches away to big rivals United and Chelsea in the same way they have any other side. And they don't hide it.
City had 65 per cent possession against United, which had supposedly regained its so-called fear factor at Old Trafford having not lost there in 40 games in all competitions, and had almost double the number of shots (14 to 8).
In September, City went to Chelsea and beat the defending champions 1-0 with a display that was even more dominant than that against United. In both games, Guardiola played a front three with two attacking wingers, and playmakers David Silva and Kevin De Bruyne in midfield.
There was no obvious sign of tailoring their formation according to the opposition.
“We came here, like we were at Stamford Bridge and all the games since I came here, to try to win,” Guardiola said. “And I'm so happy.”
Last season, Guardiola maybe placed too much faith in the ability of some City players who weren't good enough or skilled enough to carry out their orders. Their full backs, for example, weren't technically gifted enough to move into midfield and either contribute to attacks or be an initial block to a counterattack.
Now, after another spending spree last summer, they are close to having their ideal team.
Xavi Hernandez, a playmaker and captain under Guardiola at Barcelona, said upon the coach's arrival in the Premier League in the summer of 2016 that Guardiola “changed world football” and “is one of the few people who can change English football.”
The manner of City's relentless march to the Premier League title shows Xavi could be right.
When they were presented as City manager in July 2016, Guardiola — in an attempt not to sound too arrogant — said that “to come to the country which created football and believe you have to change something, would be a little bit presumptuous.”
“I'm not good enough to change everything,” they said then.
Maybe they are.
——
Steve Douglas is at http://www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
FG urges JOHESU to call off strike
The Federal Government on Tuesday appealed to striking Joint Health Sector Union (JOHESU) members to resume work as negotiation was ongoing.
The Minister of State for Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, made the appeal at the induction of foreign trained medical laboratory scientists on in Abuja by the Medical Laboratory Science Council of Nigeria (MLSC).
Ehanire, represented by Dr Shuaibu Belgare, Senior Technical Assistant to the minister, deplored the strike which had disrupted normal services in federal public hospitals.
They further decried the professional disharmony in the health sector, noting that nobody is considering the plight of patients.
The minister said all major stakeholders in the healthcare sector should be concerned with the ethics of their professions.
“We are all looking for what we can get; nobody is thinking about the patients, which is the primary purpose of being in the workforce.
“As I speak, JOHESU is on strike; hospitals are not providing services.
“Please go back to work to salvage the situation while negotiation is going on; government will do everything possible to meet your demands,” they said.
While congratulating the inductees for their success, Ehanire described laboratory scientists as extremely important in healthcare delivery.
According to him, without the laboratory scientists patients would end up being treated wrongly at every point in time.
They enjoined them to consider themselves as professionals and as well accord the profession due respect.
Ehanire identified part of the qualification that must be possessed by the scientists as attaching great value to services they rendered, having compassion for patients been the primary purpose of service, among others.
They also urged them to derive pleasure in taking up responsibilities that were rejected by their fellows to ensure professional excellence.
The minister identified precision as key in the profession to ensure quality healthcare delivery.
Ehanire intimated them of government policies on quality healthcare delivery bothering on primary health care.
According to him, the initiative is aimed at bringing healthcare to the doorsteps of the masses.
Dr Bassey Enya Bassey, the President, Association of Medical Laboratory Scientists of Nigeria (AMLSN), urged the inductees not to compromise integrity in the course of practice.
Bassey assured them of the association's support for their well-being to ensure professional excellence.
Responding on behalf of their colleagues, Mr Ahmad Bakore, commended the council for the inductions and called for the support of their superiors to achieve the desired success in their practices.
They said: “We can do nothing without our superiors supporting us or beckoning on us when we are going astray.”
Bakore pledged to uphold the ethics of the profession.
NAN
The post FG urges JOHESU to call off strike appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CAIRO — Mohammed Salah has the ability to light up any team, including Egypt.
The Liverpool striker has been in superb form this season, but playing at the World Cup will be a new experience for him. Egypt qualified for the tournament for the first time in 28 years, and its chances in Group A against host Russia, Saudi Arabia and Uruguay mainly rest on the 25-year-old Salah's shoulders.
In last month's warm-up games, headers proved to be Egypt's undoing. Salah put Egypt in the lead against Portugal, but Cristiano Ronaldo scored two late goals with their head for the European champions. In a dour game against Greece, Egypt lost 1-0 after another goal was nodded in.
Here's a closer look at the Egypt team:
COACH
Hector Cuper took over in 2015 after a dismal run under former United States coach Bob Bradley. The Argentine inherited a seven-time African champion that had failed to qualify for the last three continental championships.
Not only did Cuper lead the team to the 2017 African Cup of Nations, but they reached the final before losing to Cameroon. The World Cup exile then ended with a game to spare in qualifying.
The pair of feats halted media criticism of Cuper's tactics and turned them into a national hero. So much so that football federation officials are hoping Cuper reverses plans to leave the job after the World Cup.
However, doubts persist over whether Cuper has done enough to improve a squad that is notorious for losing the ball, squandering chances in front of goal and aerial weaknesses.
GOALKEEPERS
At 45, Essam el-Hadary could become the oldest player to compete at a World Cup. Russia may be their last stop in an illustrious career spanning three decades which took them to clubs in Switzerland, Sudan and Saudi Arabia, where they play for Al-Taawoun.
Despite their vast international experience, El-Hadary must guard against some of the lapses of concentration and poor decision-making that surfaced in recent years.
Ahmed el-Shennawy was El-Hadary's backup before being ruled out of the World Cup with a left knee injury. That leaves Al-Ahly goalkeeper Mohammed el-Shennawy, who is no relation, as a possible replacement.
DEFENDERS
Ahmed Hegazy is the rock of the defence. At 6-foot-4 (1.95 metres), the 29-year-old centre back is formidable in the air and has been growing in confidence and authority in the Premier League even as West Bromwich Albion has struggled.
Ali Jabr, a teammate for club and country, has been rarely used by West Brom, but they could retain their place in the Egypt back four because of their international experience.
Veterans Ahmed Fathy and Mohamed Abdel-Shafy look sure to start, with their runs on both flanks key to feeding the forwards.
Substitute defenders will most likely include Saad Sameer and Ayman Ashraf, both of Egyptian club Al-Ahly, and Ahmed Elmohamady of Aston Villa.
MIDFIELDERS
Egypt will be hoping Mohammed Elneny fully recovers from an ankle injury sustained playing for Arsenal. Elneny and Abdullah Said, who has been playing at Finnish club Kuopion Palloseura, should provide a solid midfield backbone that's a big part of the machine feeding Salah up front.
With their commitment and energy, the quality of the pair's performances could prove to be the difference between Egypt appearing disjointed or showing off its flowing football.
Their backups include Tareq Hamed of Egyptian club Zamalek and Amr Warda, who plays for Greek club Atromitos.
FORWARDS
After scoring more than 40 goals this season with Liverpool, Salah will be looking to continue their prolific form on the biggest stage in Russia.
Salah, the Professional Footballers' Association player of the year, doesn't get the same service with Egypt as they enjoy at Anfield. But they have shown versatility at Liverpool, changing positions to shake off markers.
Salah's partners up front will include Mahmoud Hassan — better known by their nickname Trezeguet — and Mahmoud Abdel-Monaim — also known as Kahrabah. Trezeguet plays for Turkish club Kasimpasa, while Kahrabah plays in Saudi Arabia.
Another attacking option is 21-year-old midfielder Ramadan Sobhi, who has been struggling to start for Stoke and has only scored twice in the Premier League this season.
GROUP GAMES
Egypt, which didn't advance past the opening round in its previous World Cup appearances in 1934 and 1990, will open against Uruguay on June 19. The team based in Grozny will then take on Russia on June 19 and Saudi Arabia on June 25.
——
More AP World Cup coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
The Seattle Seahawks have signed former Giants and Jets wide receiver Brandon Marshall to a one-year contract, ESPN's Adam Schefter reports.
Marshall posted a series of Instagram photos on Tuesday in a Seahawks shirt, indicating the former star would land in Seattle for next season.
????????.. . A post shared by Brandon Marshall (@bmarshall) on May 29, 2018 at 11:06am PDT
Marshall signed a two-year, $12 million deal with the New York Giants last season after being released by the Jets. The 34-year-old was disappointing with the Giants, playing in just five games and securing just 18 receptions for 154 yards.
Marshall played in 31 games for the Jets from 2015-2016, posting 1,502 receiving yards in 2015 and 788 the following year.
The veteran was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the fourth round of the 2006 NFL draft and played in Denver until 2009. They have also played for the Miami Dolphins and Chicago Bears in their career and is a six-time Pro Bowler and two-time member of the All-Pro team.
If Marshall did not sign with another team in 2018, the Giants would have been on the hook for their $1.15 million injury protection after releasing them with a failed physical this month.
Marshall will look to shore up Seattle's receiving core, which lost Jimmy Graham to the Green Bay Packers via free agency.
BACK IN COURT: Destiny Kiona Downs (pictured in 2014) pleaded guilty to four charges at Gympie Magistrates Court on Monday.
BACK IN COURT: Destiny Kiona Downs (pictured in 2014) pleaded guilty to four charges at Gympie Magistrates Court on Monday. Patrick Woods
A GYMPIE woman with a history of aggressive behaviour has pleaded guilty to obstructing police when they arrested them for drug possession last month.
The Gympie Magistrates Court heard Destiny Kiona Downs, 21, "refused” and "resisted” police directions when they were taken to a watch house after a search found cannabis and drug utensils in their possession at an address in Monkland on March 11.
PREVIOUSLY: Woman, 19, guilty of punching another woman in face
Downs had to be "physically moved” by officers when they failed to heed their directions.
A police prosecutor said Downs was "irrational” and "highly agitated” when police found the illicit materials, and became "aggressive” and "belligerent” afterwards.
The court heard Downs apologised for their actions upon release the following day, but breached a bail condition when they failed to report to Gympie Police Station on March 28.
Downs claimed they attended the station two days later because she'd had a "busy day at work” on the 28th.
Downs pleaded guilty to four charges in total, with one each for possessing cannabis and drug utenstils adding to the police obstruction and bail condition breach charges.
They previously avoided jail in November 2014 after pleading guilty to one charge of assault occasioning bodily harm, splitting a woman's lip during a drunken altercation at the Royal Hotel.
Magistrate Chris Callaghan accepted Downs' explanation that they had been experiencing an anxiety attack at the time of their obstruction offence, and considered their medical history and mental health plan in their ruling.
They handed Downs a nine month good behaviour bond, and released them upon entry into a drug diversion program.
