Neo-Nazi hate website the Daily Stormer has been cut off by its domain-name hosting provider after it posted a vile defamation of Heather Heyer, the woman killed Saturday in Charlottesville, Va., after a white supremacist rally.
GoDaddy, the service provider that had hosted the domain name for the Daily Stormer, said in Twitter posts Sunday night that the site violated the terms of service and that its service is being terminated.
“We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service,” GoDaddy said.
The website's post about Heyer carried the headline “Heather Heyer: Woman Killed in Road Rage Incident was a Fat, Childless 32-Year-Old Slut.”
The Daily Stormer, which calls itself “The World's Most Genocidal Republican Website,” endorsed Donald Trump's candidacy for president in 2015. The site posted a story titled “Heil Donald Trump – The Ultimate Savior” after Trump proposed a total ban on Muslim immigration.
Pictured above: A demonstrator holds up a picture of Heather Heyer during a demonstration in L.A. on Sunday, Aug. 13, against racism and in support of the victims of the violence in Charlottesville, Va.
(Repeats story from Saturday)
* Nov PPI +5.8 pct y/y (poll +5.9 pct)
* Producer price inflation eases to lowest in four months
* Produce prices seen cooling further in coming months
* Nov CPI +1.7 pct y/y (poll +1.8 pct)
By Stella Qiu and Kevin Yao
BEIJING, Dec 9 (Reuters) - China's producer price inflation slowed to a four-month low in November as factory activity softened due to the government's efforts to curb pollution, cooling demand from factories for raw materials.
Producer prices rose 5.8 percent from a year earlier - the lowest since July, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Saturday. The rise was slightly less than market expectations and compared with the previous month's 6.9 percent increase.
Analysts polled by Reuters had predicted the PPI in November would rise an annual 5.9 percent, easing back also because of a high base a year earlier.
“The environmental protection drive could affect production of middle- and low-stream firms, easing demand for raw materials,” said Wen Bin, an economist at Minsheng Bank in Beijing.
“Looking ahead, producer price inflation is likely to slow steadily due partly to the high base effect.”
On a month-on-month basis, the PPI rose 0.5 percent in November.
As northern China officially entered the heating season in mid-November, the government has stepped up efforts to address winter smog, ordering many steel mills, smelters and factories to curtail or halt production to rein in pollution.
Analysts expect producer price pressures to recede as the war on smog curtails production, cooling demand from factories for raw materials.
Raw materials prices rose 7.5 percent in November year-on-year, compared with 9 percent in October, data from the statistics bureau showed.
However, production curbs at factories have triggered fears of supply shortages, giving a major boost to iron ore and steel futures prices. Shanghai steel futures rose 9.7 percent in November, while iron ore prices surged 16.5 percent over the month.
In particular, the government's plan ordering millions of households in northern China to convert to gas heating from coal this year caused an unexpected shortage in natural gas supplies as prices soared despite a record amount of natural gas imports in November.
Oil and natural gas prices jumped 20.3 percent year-on-year in November, compared with a 16.5 percent rise in October, the bureau's data showed.
Coal mining and processing prices rose 8.6 percent from a year earlier, compared with a 19.7 percent rise in October.
The latest anti-pollution measures come on top of ongoing government efforts to trim down and upgrade the country's bloated industrial sector by shutting outdated capacity, which has also helped support producer prices.
CONSUMER PRICES SOFTEN
China's consumer inflation, which has stayed well within Beijing's 2017 target of 3 percent this year, also slowed more than expected in November to 1.7 percent from 1.9 percent previously, as food prices fell.
Non-food price inflation quickened to 2.5 percent in November from 2.4 percent in October.
The consumer price index (CPI) had been expected to edge down to 1.8 percent on-year compared with an increase of 1.9 percent in October.
The world's second-biggest economy has defied market expectations with economic growth of 6.9 percent in the first nine months of the year, supported by a construction boom and robust exports.
But factory activity has shown signs of cooling in the past few months as Beijing extended a crackdown on financial risks, which has increased borrowing costs and weighed on new investment.
(Reuters) - Burnley midfielder Steven Defour will undergo knee surgery to repair damaged cartilage and faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines, manager Sean Dyche said.
Belgian international Defour has started 24 league games this season and played through pain in recent weeks before a precautionary scan revealed the extent of the injury.
”Defour will have an operation after seeing a specialist, it's a real blow,“ Dyche said. ”It's come out of the blue, he'd been playing on and felt a soreness in their knee, they played with it for a few weeks.
”We took them for a scan, one of those you probably wish you wouldn't have, and it showed something that needs doing, it's a bit of cartilage. That's the way it goes.
“Unfortunately he's going to be out for some time ... the specialist will have to sort it out and we'll wait and see what they say after the operation.”
Defour, however, said in a post on Instagram that the injury would rule them out for the rest of the season.
“Hard to take this one,” they said.
“Really gutted I can't end the season in the way I wanted it. Promise to come back stronger for the new season.”
The Carolina Panthers are back at it this weekend as they go on the road for their second preseason game of the 2017 season. On Saturday they visit the Tennessee Titans after a couple of joint practices throughout the week.
Early odds for the game were just released by Odds Shark, and Carolina is considered a three-point underdog at this time.
The biggest concern for the Panthers right now should be the status of their starting quarterback Cam Newton, who sat out last week's game against the Houston Texans with a sore throwing shoulder. While they did do some light throwing at practice recently, it is pretty unlikely we will see them play any significant time Saturday, if at all.
As for the Titans, they have some heavy buzz around them heading into the new season. Tennessee made a series of aggressive moves in free agency and they're a popular pick to unseat Houston in the AFC South.
There's not much history between these two teams. They have only met four times in the regular season and the Titans have won three.
BUSINESS INSIDER:
GOP Sen. John McCain condemned attacks on the integrity of the Department of Justice and FBI on Friday, minutes after President Donald Trump declassified the controversial memo from House Intelligence Committee chairperson Devin Nunes.
“In 2016, the Russian government engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy. Russia employed the same tactics it has used to influence elections around the world, from France and Germany to Ukraine, Montenegro, and beyond,” McCain said in a statement.
“Putin's regime launched cyberattacks and spread disinformation with the goal of sowing chaos and weakening faith in our institutions. And while we have no evidence that these efforts affected the outcome of our election, I fear they succeeded in fueling political discord and dividing us from one another.”
NEW YORK, Aug 14 (APP): Pakistan's Independence Day was celebrated with
traditional fervour and enthusiasm at the Pakistan House In New York on Monday with the hoisting of the national flag by the Pakistani Permanent Representative to the United Nations, Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi.
The national anthem was played as the green crescent-and-star went up
the mast before a gathering of officers and staff of the Pakistan Mission to the UN and the Consulate General as well as members of the Pakistani diaspora.
The ceremony began with recitation from the Holy Quran.
Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi read out the Independence Day message by
President Mamnoon Hussain and Raja Ali Ejaz, Consul General in New York, read out the message from Prime Minister Shahaid Khaqan Abbasi.
Talking to reporters later, Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi highlighted the
importance of the day. They paid glowing tributes to Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah and the sacrifices made by the Muslims of the sub-continent for the creation of Pakistan. Since its independence, they said, Pakistan had made great strides towards progress and prosperity, yet challenges remain. The government was making every effort to realize the Quaid's vision of a modern, democratic and prosperous Pakistan. Defeating terrorism remained a priority, they added.
Dr. Lodhi also expressed the hope that the people of Jammu and Kashmir
would also be able to soon enjoy their fundamental right to self determination, as promised to them by numerous UN Security Council resolutions.
The ceremony concluded by a “dua” for the prosperity and progress of
Pakistan.
Later in the evening, Pakistan will mark the 70th Anniversary of its
Independence at the UN, with the Pakistani Sachal Jazz band performing at the prestigious UN General Assembly Hall.
The concert titled, Music Beyond Boarders, will feature a fusion of
classical eastern instruments with western jazz.
The concert is expected to be largely attended by diplomats, UN
officials, representatives of the civil society and media, as well as the Pakistani diaspora. The event is already oversubscribed.
Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
by Reuters News 14 Jun 2017, 22:52 IST
Tennis - French Open - Roland Garros, Paris, France - June 8, 2017 Czech Republic's Karolina Pliskova reacts after losing their semi final match against Romania's Simona Halep Reuters / Benoit Tessier/Files
LONDON (Reuters) - World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
"The elbow has been bothering me for a few weeks already. It needs some good rest," the 2017 French Open semi-finalist and last year's U.S. Open finalist, told the CTK news agency.
"The top (thing), of course, is Wimbledon which I need to prepare for the most."
The Aegon Classic is one of two WTA Premier level grasscourt tournaments leading up to Wimbledon, with the Eastbourne championships taking place the week after.
The 25-year-old Czech is still due to take part in Eastbourne, where they were the losing finalist last year to Slovakia's Dominika Cibulkova.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Toby Davis)
Pamper yourself
Love Avon, Neal's Yard Organic or Forever Living products? We've teamed up with Direct Selling Association (DSA) to give away a selection of treats including moisturisers,
massage cream, perfume and a scented candle worth approximately £300. The DSA is the trade body for direct selling that allows people to work for themselves and run their own business in a way that suits their lifestyle (contents may vary).
Enter now for your chance to win!
This giveaway is only available to Candis members. Please log in at the top of the screen to enter this giveaway if you are a member. If you are not a member then please click here to find out how to join.
This giveaway is only open to Candis members who subscribe to the magazine.
This giveaway closes on 31/03/2017
Analysis A California judge is not taking any nonsense in the ongoing self-driving tech theft case between Uber and Google-owned Waymo.
Magistrate Judge Jacqueline Corley ruled earlier this month that Uber must hand over what may be critical due diligence reports in the case.
They were immediately faced with a wave of letters, legal filings and refusals from not only Uber, but also the company hired to write the report – Stroz Friedberg – the company it was digging into – Otto – and the engineer at the center of the storm, former Waymo lead engineer, Anthony Levandowski.
But Corley is having none of it and on Wednesday threw those complaints back, noting that "Uber has now abandoned its attorney-client privilege objection to production of the agreements." They referenced the objections, went back to their original judgment and noted: "It is so ordered."
That abandonment comes after Uber fired Levandowski for refusing to hand over documents that the court demanded that Uber supply. Uber gave them 20 days to change their mind – something that seems unlikely given Levandowski continues pleading the 5th to avoid potential self-incrimination.
The "specialized risk management firm" that wrote the report, Stroz Friedberg, also hired its own set of lawyers to fight against the order, who then argued that the documents are privileged, and it will only produce them with permission from Uber, Otto, Levandowski and Otto co-founder Lior Ron.
It denied it was obstructing Waymo in retrieving stolen files, but also hedged its bets by noting that it "will comply with any order of this court directing production of some or all of the requested materials."
That letter seemingly sparked Judge Corley's repeat order [PDF] to hand them over, although they also note that Uber's objections to their order are "currently pending with the district court."
And why
Why the huge fight over the due diligence documents?
Because they contain the results of Stroz Friedberg's investigation into Levandowski and Ron, including a review of their digital devices and cloud storage. There is little or no doubt, at this stage in the court battle, that Levandowski left Wamyo with a storage device containing no fewer than 14,000 highly confidential files covering its Lidar technology – a critical component of self-driving cars.
Waymo alleges that Uber not only knew about the theft of those documents, but that its executives bought those trade secrets by creating an elaborate premise whereby Levandowski set up a new company called Otto, which Uber then subsequently bought for $680m.
Uber claims it never knew about the stolen files. But if the Stroz Friedberg report includes any references to the blueprints, it blows apart that defense and potentially leaves Uber open to huge punitive damages.
So it's safe to say that Uber, Otto and Levandowski would rather the due diligence reports stay under wraps.
With Corley refusing to give ground, the decision now rests with district judge William Alsup. And while Alsup has gone out of their way to be fair to Uber, they have consistently ruled against it. It's also worth noting that at the same time as Corley's order, Alsup also put out an order [PDF] noting that they were "concerned that counsel in this action are not moving fast enough to complete depositions."
It was also Alsup who referred the case to the US Attorney's Office to look into possible criminal charges. In short, Uber has, for the second time in a week, hit a bit of a brick wall when it comes to societal expectations of corporate behavior. ®
0 Share with your friends Submit
By Dalton DeHart
On Sept. 30, South Beach Nightclub hosted the Lone Star Volleyball Association's Miss LSVA-Houston Strong, a benefit for Tropical Storm Harvey Survivors. All proceeds from the event went to the Montrose Center's LGBTQ Harvey Relief Fund, with South Beach donating a portion of liquor sales.
Comments
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese trade minister Hiroshige Seko said on Tuesday that there was a high possibility Japan would be exempted from U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminium on per-item basis.
Japan's Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Hiroshige Seko leaves the European Commission headquarters after a meeting on steel overcapacity, in Brussels, Belgium March 10, 2018. REUTERS/Francois Walschaerts
Seko said they were aware Japanese steelmakers and others were encouraging their U.S. clients to apply for exemptions. They added that Japanese steel and aluminium products contributed greatly to U.S. industry and that they were irreplaceable.
U.S. President Donald Trump pressed ahead earlier this month with import tariffs of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent for aluminium but exempted Canada and Mexico and offered the possibility of excluding other allies.
Someone turned the Hollywood sign into the "Hollyweed" sign
Share
"Hollyweed hills" 1 January 2017
It looks like someone is trying to send a message about legalizing marijuana to start off the new year as the Hollywood sign was changed to read “Hollyweed” on New Year's Day!
The vandalism first started being reported at around 7am PT and photos of the altered sign are quickly spreading around social media. See photos of the new look in the gallery.
This isn't the first time that the Hollywood sign has been vandalized. Back on January 1, 1976, the sign was also turned into “Hollyweed” and the same guy who did that changed it to say “Ollywood” years later.
Marijuana was legalized in California back in November when voters approved Proposition 64.
AFP Relax
Ever since the Essential Phone was announced last May, there's been a heated debate over the notch. Later introduced on phones like the iPhone X , Huawei P20 Pro , and upcoming LG G7 , the notch has become a heated point of debate for smartphone users everywhere.
The notch does technically allow for more screen area at the top of a phone compared to having a full strip of bezel, but at the same time, can be an unsightly eyesore when watching videos or playing full-screen games.
Witch the notch becoming more and more popular, we decided to see what our forum users had to say on the matter. Here are just a few of the responses.
Tackle Greg Robinson (Photo: Daniel Mears, Detroit News)
Allen Park — Greg Robinson is starting to settle down and settle in with the Detroit Lions.
Acquired mid-June, in a trade with the Rams, Robinson missed the customary acclimation period that OTAs and mandatory minicamp provides NFL players, instead getting a baptism by fire by splitting first-team reps at left tackle the first week of training camp.
Adjusting to a new playbook, a new blocking scheme and a new technique has been understandably difficult. Robinson seemed to flounder early and admitted some early frustrations with understanding offensive line coach Ron Prince's methods.
But a week later, Robinson appears far more ready to serve as the stopgap replacement for the injured Taylor Decker.
Robinson more than held their own against the Colts in the preseason opener, playing the entire first half and allowing just one pass-rush pressure in 25 snaps protecting the quarterback.
“Yeah, they were solid,” coach Jim Caldwell said. “In terms of first outing within the system, against another team, I thought they did some good things. But he's still got a ways to go.”
More: Justin Rogers' initial projection for the Lions' roster
The performance was a good building block, but Robinson has learned the Prince and Caldwell's standards are much higher.
“Coach grades kind of tough, and it wasn't as expected,” Robinson said. “I knew I had a lot I had a lot to clean up, but I played hard, I felt like when opportunities presented themselves, I took advantage of them, and that's the thing that really counts. … just (have to) build from that, and I feel confident I can do that.”
jdrogers@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @justin_rogers
Today marks the kickoff of Amazon's annual semi-secret MARS Conference in Palm Springs, which means two things.
No, you weren't invited. The start of several days of pictures featuring Jeff Bezos palling around with their best robot friends.
Last year the ‘bot loving billionaire wowed the internet with a fairly menacing shot taken inside 1.5 ton giant mech suit, breaking the apocalyptic ice a bit by comparing themselves to Ellen Ripley. This year's first shot from the event is a bit more subdued, with Bezos taking “my new dog,” the latest iteration of Boston Dynamics' electric quadruped SpotMini out for a stroll.
Jeff Bezos playing beer pong with a robot #mars2018 pic.twitter.com/K1DQzDNvuY — Cosima Gretton MD (@cosgretton) March 19, 2018
Of course, the robot appears to have just been on loan — Bezos and company have been steadily building up Amazon Robotics with logistical automation acquisitions, but Boston Dynamics only changed hands from Google to SoftBank early last year.
And besides, there appear to have been plenty of other robots competing for the billionaire's time at the invite-only. Here's Bezos challenging a robotic arm to a bottle flipping game, and here's a pair of Piaggio Gita delivery robots playing follow the leader with SpotMini and Bezos, while a drone flies overhead.
Because if you were the billionaire owner of Amazon, you'd probably spend your Monday palling around with robot friends, too.
President Trump Is Sending NASA Back To The Moon
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA NASA
President Trump has formally told NASA to send U.S. astronauts back to the moon.
"The directive I'm signing today will refocus America's space program on human exploration and discovery," they said.
Standing at the president's side as they signed "Space Policy Directive 1" on Monday was Apollo 17 astronaut Harrison Schmitt, one of the last two humans to ever walk on the moon, in a mission that took place 45 years ago this week.
Since that time, no human has ventured out beyond low-Earth orbit. NASA doesn't even have its own space vehicle, having retired the space shuttles in 2011. Americans currently ride up to the International Space Station in Russian capsules, though private space taxis are expected to start ferrying them up as soon as next year.
For now, the ultimate goal for human exploration in space remains Mars.
"This time, we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint, we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and, perhaps someday, to many worlds beyond," Trump said.
Exactly how to get to Mars, however, is subject to debate within the space community.
Many see the moon as the best stepping stone, including Rep. Jim Bridenstine, R-Okla., who is Trump's pick to head NASA.
The general moon-first approach being taken by the Trump administration was clearly articulated by Vice President Pence at a meeting of the National Space Council in October.
That's why John Logsdon, a space historian at The George Washington University, says Monday's announcement is not a surprise. "Now the question is whether the White House will propose and the Congress appropriate the funds needed to turn the words into reality," Logsdon says.
Indeed, actually getting the funding to achieve presidents' ambitious space goals is a perennial problem for NASA.
Returning astronauts to the moon had been the plan under President George W. Bush, who called for building a moon base and establishing an extended human presence there. But when a blue-ribbon committee reviewed human spaceflight in 2009, it said there was a mismatch between the scope of the program and the money available to support it: that exploring beyond low-Earth orbit wasn't going to be viable without billions of dollars more in funding.
What's more, many worried that NASA would get bogged down in the gray lunar dust and fail to move on toward the Red Planet.
That's part of why the Obama administration shifted the focus from the moon to a "flexible path" that would target new destinations, such as an asteroid, to get astronauts farther out into deep space.
But the asteroid mission proved more difficult than expected. Eventually, NASA proposed having a robot haul a boulder from an asteroid and put it in orbit around the moon, where astronauts would rendezvous with the space rock. The so-called Asteroid Redirect Mission didn't receive very enthusiastic reviews from the space community or Congress, and this year it got the ax.
NASA has recently been working on plans for something called the Deep Space Gateway, an outpost in orbit around the moon.
And at the behest of Congress, the space agency has been building a giant new rocket and a deep space capsule. The vehicle is supposed to have its first test flight in 2019, when it will send an uncrewed capsule up to orbit the moon before returning to Earth.
Officials in the Trump administration asked NASA to consider putting humans on that flight, but NASA ultimately decided against it after a review. The first mission with a crew on that NASA spacecraft isn't supposed to happen until 2022.
The company SpaceX is also constructing a large rocket and has announced that it intends to launch the first private mission to the moon in 2018. SpaceX says it has paying customers for a trip in an automated capsule that wouldn't land, but would loop around the moon and then return.
SpaceX also has contracts with NASA to bring astronauts up to the International Space Station and is scheduled to start doing that next year as well. The company has already been hauling cargo to and from the station for NASA.
Boeing also has a space transportation system in the works, and its first flight with NASA astronauts on board is planned for 2018.
If those companies' efforts pan out, their space taxis will be the first vehicles to carry up astronauts from U.S. soil since the retirement of the space shuttles.
Hackers recently discovered two exploits on the Nintendo Switch that allow homebrew code to run on the hybrid console, according to Eurogamer's Digital Foundry.
The flaws are reportedly hardware-based and found in the Switch's Nvidia Tegra X1 processor. This means they can't be patched by Nintendo, leaving millions of the consoles permanently vulnerable. Some people are apparently already using it to run a full, touch-enabled version of Linux. You can check it out in the video.
Homebrew code is often used to run emulators of classic video game platforms like the SNES, but it can also be used to pirate or modify software. A group called fail0verflow recently released the exploits after contacting Nintendo, Nvidia, and Google (who also uses Tegra processors) about the issue.
“Choosing whether to release an exploit or not is a difficult choice,” they wrote in a blog post. “Given our experiences with past consoles, we've been wary of releasing vulnerability details or exploits for fear of them being used primarily for piracy rather than homebrew. That said, the Tegra bootrom bug is so obvious that multiple people have independently discovered it by now; at best, a release by other homebrew teams is inevitable, while at worst, a certain piracy modchip team might make the first move.
“90 days ago, we have begun the responsible disclosure process with Google, as Tegra chips are often used in Android devices. The disclosure deadline has now lapsed. The bug will be made public sooner or later, likely sooner, so we might as well release now along with our Linux boot chain and kernel tree, to make it very clear that we do this for fun and homebrew, and nothing else.”
There's no word yet on what Nintendo will do about the exploits. Nintendo did not respond to Variety's request for comment by publish time.
BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia's independence movement could suffer a serious setback in elections this month, according to a poll published on Sunday, which suggests separatist parties will narrowly fail to secure a majority in the regional parliament.
Ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont speaks as they take part in a pro-independence rally for Catalonia, in Brussels, Belgium December 7, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
The three parties which supported Catalonia's frustrated push to split from Spain in October are seen as returning a total of 66 or 67 seats in the Dec. 21 election, just shy of the 68 seats they would need to control the regional parliament, according to the poll in Spanish newspaper La Vanguardia.
Unionist parties combined are also seen as falling short of an absolute majority, the poll finds, opening the door to a possible hung parliament with CatComu-Podem, the Catalan arm of the anti-austerity Podemos party, as a potential kingmaker.
Market friendly unionist party Ciudadanos and two pro-independence parties, ERC and Junts per Catalunya, the party of former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, are in a dead heat to be the largest parliamentary force, according to the poll based on interviews between Dec. 4 and Dec. 7.
Turnout for the election, which was forced by the central government in an effort to break the political crisis that seized the region in recent months, is predicted to reach a record 82 percent.
4th of July Forecast
Tyler Ryan's July 4th Forecast
Another hot day with a chance of afternoon t-Storms. Although the temps will be “cooler,” the heat index will still push the triple digits.
M Zafar K Safdar
The nation today is celebrating 70th Independence Day with due reverence and paying its tribute to the memory of the country's founder Quaid-i-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah. Pakistan owes its creation to the leadership and vision of that singular man of thought and action. By “Unity, Faith and Discipline”, they converted Muslim nation into a dynamic force which swept the sub-continent and altered the destinies of a human race by lying the foundation of the second biggest Muslim state, an achievement without parallel in the annals of civilization.
Whatever little time they had after independence, the Quaid tried hard to run the affairs of Pakistan, to pass on this commitment as their legacy to the leadership and citizens of the new nation. Mr. Jinnah was something more than Quaid-i-Azam, supreme head of the state, to the people who followed him: they were more than even the architect of the Islamic nation they personally called into being. They commanded their imagination as well as their confidence. In the face of difficulties which might have overwhelmed him, it was given to them to fulfill the hope foreshadowed in the inspired vision of the great Iqbal by creating for the Muslims of India a homeland where the old glory of Islam could grow afresh into a modern state, worthy of its place in community of nations. Unfortunately, we have betrayed that legacy time and again.
With their unusual powers of persuasion, luminous exposition, searching arguments, and sound judgment, the Quaid was able to win the battle for Pakistan. Their ability for counter-argument was on display even at the formal ceremony on August 14, 1947. When Lord Mountbatten made a speech to the Constituent Assembly in which they offered the example of Akbar the Great as the model of a tolerant Muslim ruler to Pakistan. The Quaid, however, was equal to the task. In their reply to the speech, they immediately presented an alternative model; that of the Holy Prophet (PBUH). “The tolerance and goodwill that the great emperor Akbar showed to all the non-Muslims is not of recent origin. It dates back thirteen centuries ago…,” Quaid thundered back.
It is easy to forget the unsettled and confused circumstances in which Pakistan was born, and to cavil at some of the decisions made when the Quaid was governor-general. But their personal incorruptibility and their belief in the supremacy of the will of the people were never in doubt. Throughout their career as a politician and as a legislator, their dedication to the rule of law and constitutionalism was unswerving. In the short span of seven decades, we have made a mockery of these values.
Democracy is often confusing business, but it appears even more so in our circumstances because the structures that support it — the constitution, parliament, the judiciary — have been systematically weakened. If the generals are guilty of repeatedly blocking the political process, the politicians too are guilty for treating their own electorates with contempt and of flagrant abuse of office. There is no doubt that the Quaid wanted to see the country move ahead and prosper in all fields of life. “The first duty of the government is to maintain law and order… The second thing that occurs to me is… Bribery and corruption. That really is a poison” they said in their speech on 11 Aug 1947. And today, the poison Quaid has referred to has spread like cancer. That is the greatest dis-service one can do to the Father of the nation, and we, as a nation, do it every single day. Indeed, we have so weakened the Quaid's ideals that some people question whether they are any longer relevant as a frame of reference. But it would be a grievous mistake if we fell into the error of seeking to compromise further on their faith in democracy as the only course for Pakistan to follow. With our repeated deviations from universally accepted principles, we are often spoken of as an anachronism in today's world moving towards political and social emancipation.
Today a national consensus is needed, based on the precepts of our founding fathers and the experience of the past 70 years, on the direction in which we want to travel. We need to even overhaul the constitution if needed to empower the people of Pakistan and its federating units. Regrettably, provincial autonomy has fallen victim to political rhetoric even after the 18th constitutional amendment. How else can one explain the absence of a serious debate on the issue? In fact, even those shouting the loudest about provincial autonomy have failed to come up with a clause by clause analysis of the Basic Law and present a realistic scheme of division of power. Pakistan can move towards stability and consolidation if the constituent units are given a strong stake in its strength and vitality. This means not only economic development in backward provinces and regions but also a proper devolution of powers from the centre downwards.
For the people at large, democracy essentially means a proper sense of participation at all levels of government, federal, provincial and local. There is neither freedom from want for millions living in urban slums and the less developed regions nor would freedom for the creative urges of the people to find expression that lend dynamism to the country.
It is no pleasure, year after year, to repeat a litany of failure. We must squarely confront the challenge of discovering our political direction and identity if we want the times to come to be more purposeful and productive. Do we want to be a democratic, disciplined, accommodating and legitimate country or do we want to turn ourselves into a society with a garrison mentality — unable to give people the freedom to exercise their choice freely and without restriction? This question needs to be asked today by as many of us as have not lost all confidence in the future of Pakistan as a vibrant and developed country.
–The writer, Ph.D in Political Science, is a civil servant based in Islamabad.
Email:[email protected]
Related
Pak reaffirms resolve to continue role for peace
Zahid Chaudhary
Islamabad
The National Security Committee Friday strongly condemned recent spate of terror attacks in Afghanistan and observed that the reaction of the Afghan government was based on misconceptions created by certain foreign elements.
The National Security Committee reaffirmed Pakistan's position of continuing to play its role for regional stability and peace.
The 18th NSC meeting president over by Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi emphasized that the people of Pakistan understood the pain and anguish of the people of Afghanistan very well since they were themselves the greatest victims of terrorism.
The committee reviewed the security situation in the region and strongly condemned the terrorist attacks in Kabul and observed that the government and people of Pakistan shared the shock, grief and sorrow of their Afghan brethren and stood by their side in complete solidarity.
The committee expressed the resolve to forge ahead, despite difficulties, with positive engagement with Afghanistan, including the already planned visit of the Pakistani delegation to Kabul on February 3, 2018, for discussions on Pakistan's proposed “Afghanistan-Pakistan Action Plan for Solidarity.”
The national security body expressed satisfaction on the progress made with regard to border controls with Afghanistan and noted that the Afghan government should support the fencing of the Pak-Afghan border as being in the interest of both countries.
The meeting reviewed the actions taken by the Government of Pakistan and provincial governments to fulfill the country's international responsibilities under the Financial Action Task Force framework.
The meeting expressed satisfaction over the objectives achieved so far and directed the ministries concerned to complete the few outstanding actions at the earliest.
The committee directed that the achievements made by Pakistan in fulfilling its international obligations should be fully shared with the FATF, and expressed its hope that the FATF would not be politicized by a few countries.
Finally, the National Security Committee reaffirmed Pakistan's position of continuing to play its role for regional stability and peace.
The 18th meeting of the NSC was attended by Foreign Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif, Minister for Interior Prof Ahsan Iqbal, Chairman JCSC Gen Zubair Mehmood Hayat, Chief of the Army Staff Gen Qamar Javed Bajwa, Chief of the Naval Staff Adm Zafar Mahmood Abbasi, Chief of the Air Staff Air Chief Marshal Sohail Aman, National Security Advisor Lt-Gen (Retd) Nasser Khan Janjua and senior civil and military officials.
Meanwhile, the first meeting of Pakistan-Afghanistan joint working groups will be held in Kabul today (Saturday) to discuss a host of issues ranging from terrorism, intelligence sharing and cooperation in economic field. The Pakistani delegation will be led by Foreign Secretary Tehmina Janjua.
At their regular briefing here on Friday, Foreign Office Spokesperson Dr Muhammad Faisal stated Pakistan had proposed five joint working groups which focus on ensuring comprehensive engagement for countering terrorism, intelligence sharing, military, economy, trade and transit interaction, refugee repatriation and connectivity.
Dr Faisal said Pakistan has always maintained that there is no military path to peace and stability in Afghanistan and only an Afghan led and Afghan owned peace process will ensure peace there.
Responding to a question, the spokesperson said it is up to Afghanistan to reach settlement among different Afghan groups and Pakistan will continue to support such efforts.
They rejected accusations that Pakistan is supporting the Afghan Taliban and Haqqani network, and said the country will not allow its land to be used against any of its neighbours.
Pakistan has been rendering continuous sacrifices for the cause of global peace. It will not allow its land to be used against any of its neighbouring countries, and it expects the same from its neighbours, said the spokesperson.
The FO spokesperson reiterated that focus should be on eliminating safe havens of the TTP, Jamaat-ul-Ahrar in Afghanistan.
Pakistan has constructed 975 posts along its border with Afghanistan, while Afghanistan has built nearly 200 posts only, said Faisal adding 470 attacks were carried out in Pakistan from Afghanistan.
The spokesperson noted that the 27 suspects handed over to Afghan authorities recently were in connection to the Afghan Taliban and Haqqani network.
We want a solution to the Afghan issue in accordance with the wishes of the Afghan public, the spokesperson said, adding that Pakistan wants immediate and dignified return of Afghan refugees to their country.
Pakistan's foreign policy is in accordance with the wishes of its people and national interests, they said.
If that's Donna Summer, then this must be the late 70s and early 80s, the era of disco dancing in the clubs and roller skating at the Roxy. (And let's not even talk about the fashions.)
But you won't get much of a sense the times in “Summer: The Donna Summer Musical,” a narrow-minded jukebox musical that views its titular hero in a vacuum. The great songs are pretty much all here: “Love to Love You Baby,” “White Boys,” “MacArthur Park,” “Heaven Knows,” “Bad Girls,” “She Works Hard for the Money,” “Hot Stuff” and “Last Dance,” to skim a few titles off the top. LaChanze is here, too, and in glorious voice, along with a thin biographical book that hardly does justice to Summer's life or their music.
There's no sense of what Summer represented to the boys and girls madly dancing the night away to their heart-thumping rhythms and soaring vocals. They were the affirmation of life, of music, of dancing in the face of existential fear. If “Angels in America” (also now on Broadway) was the fearsome death mask of those times, then Diva Donna was the heartbeat of life — not that any of this comes through in this anemic musical.
LaChanze rocked “The Color Purple,” which won them an acting Tony in 2006. They still have great stage presence and, of course, that roof-raising voice. But sharing the stage with the pre-teen Duckling Donna (Storm Lever, dull) and Disco Donna (Ariana DeBose, duller) doesn't triple their strength, which seems to have been the intention, because the other singers are no match for them
So, despite some good songs and uplifting vocals from their backup singers, LaChanze is pressed to carry the whole show on their back. They don't even get a break from costumer Paul Tazewell, who has put them into some garish frocks, or from wig designer Charles G. LaPointe, whose hairdos look downright trashy. With their untamed locks and bloodsucker-red lipstick, Donna Summer had a look that was dramatically vivid but not cheap, a distinction that seems to have eluded the designers.
What does work is the costuming of female singer-dancers in men's drag, slick suits with clean lines and nice tailoring. Choreographer Sergio Trujillo gives those long-limbed beauties sexy moves that are very much appreciated in this under-choreographed show. Drag not only looks good on stage, it also faithfully recalls the disco era, which was all about transgression, sexual and otherwise, and lots of cross-dressing.
Des McAnuff, who directed the show when it premiered at La Jolla, does the directing here, too. Giving the designers completely free rein may have been a mistake, but they show more skill in setting up the songs and giving their diva the platform to deliver them. The domestic scenes written by Colman Domingo, Robert Cary, and McAnuff, however, die the death, crushed beneath boulders of inane dialogue. Mommy was loving, Daddy was strict, and the rest is all boilerplate.
“People say I sing like a police siren.” What's that? A funny line? Here's another: “On a good day, I felt like Judy Garland in ‘The Wizard of Oz.' On a bad day, I felt like Judy Garland — period.” Cherish those lines, because the laughs are few and far between.
The song lyrics, not the spoken dialogue, are what matter in this show. The lyrics of disco are the language of the late 70s and early 80s — manic, druggy, desperate for a good time. Summer and their music gave voice to that desperate, fearful, wonderful time when no one knew what was coming next, when everyone was determined to dance their fears away before the sun comes up and the “Last Dance” is over.
“Would you like me to wash your ball hat?” Brenda cheerfully asked me the other day.
“Sure, but please be careful,” I replied. “I know you're cautious, but accidents do happen.”
The hat needed a good washing. It still had the dust of leaves from fall under the bill, little blotches of soot from the campfires across the top, and a little dash of salt from the recent winter on the sides for good measure.
I was tired and sitting in my recliner by the fire when I handed them the hat. We had traveled to Kentucky and back over the weekend to pick up grandson Jack, and the driving had caught up with me.
The fatigue, the melancholy mood and the fire evidently came together at just the right time, and for some reason, my mind began to focus on the ball hat.
I laid my head back and allowed my mind to drift.
One fall morning 20 years ago, I was traveling somewhere between Marysville and Bellefontaine on State Route 33. I had stopped for gas and went inside the truck stop to stretch my legs. I saw a rack of cheap hats, ball hats, cowboy hats, straw hats and an assortment of other types on a rotating display post.
I wasn't in the market for a ball hat, but have always had difficulty finding a hat that fits me the way I like it. This particular hat was different. It was soft, well rounded and framed my face well. It was comfortable.
I liked the way it looked on me, and the best part of all, it was only $4.99.
As I relaxed in the recliner, I began to the think about all the adventures the hat and I had shared since we first met in Bellefontaine.
The dark blue Cincinnati Bengals hat with the orange tiger on the front has been my constant companion for the last 20 years, and has shared many adventures with me as we have traveled countless miles together across the nation.
Brenda and I were living in Staunton, Virginia when I first brought it home. “I really like that hat on you,” they said.
I began to wear it everywhere I went.
It came along to Iowa a few years ago when Brenda and I visited the land of John Wayne in the tiny town of Winterset, along with all the other pilgrims there for the museum dedication.
Our next stop was back east, at the battlefields of Gettysburg, in the jagged hills of Pennsylvania.
We wandered out of the historical park and on to the antique malls of Chambersburg. We picnicked under the trees in Caledonia State Park and walked the Appalachian Trail along a clear stream that led us to a gentle waterfall cascading over the rocks and limbs.
The hat has been my good friend over the years. We shared some of the happiest times of our lives in Staunton, watching the Staunton Braves play at John Moxie Stadium, or joining our friends, Jackie and Larry, at Wrights Dairy Rite for a Double Burger and fries.
I threw on my ball hat the morning I rushed out the door to the hospital after hearing the news Brenda had struck a guardrail on Interstate 64 on a snowy, cold morning on their way to work.
The hat was on the top of my head when we sat in the sweet breeze of the cool evening at Gypsy Hill Park and watched the Stonewall Jackson Brigade Band perform every Monday night at seven.
The last thing I did the morning we moved from Staunton was put the hat on, and head south on Interstate 81 toward Nashville. There were tears in our eyes, as we said goodbye to the place that had been our loving home for 12 years.
The hat was on my head when Brenda and I walked in downtown Nashville on Friday nights visiting the honky-tonks and bars playing classic country music.
The hat was with me when we sat at the bedsides of my brothers, Jim and Jack, and brother-in-law Dick, watching as they slowly closed their eyes and left us.
I wore my hat to the local hospitals during Brenda's health scares, and sat it alongside the bed as we waited and prayed.
Grandson Jack and I took a trip on Amtrak last summer through the Shenandoah Valley and the mountains of Virginia. Of course, I wore my favorite hat as we cherished our time together.
“Here, try this on,” Brenda said, as they gently shook me awake and handed me the freshly cleaned hat.
“Thank you,” I said. “It sure looks good. We have been through a lot together, my hat and me.”
“It may be beginning to show its age and is a little worn around the edges, but I don't know what I would do without it,” they said with a sigh.
“Me either,” I said, knowing the sweeter, deeper meaning of their words. “Me either.”
Pat Haley is a Clinton County Commissioner.
http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_Pat-Haley-5.jpg
The NFL warned its teams Monday that it will begin levying "significant discipline" to anyone engaging in offensive conduct or contact against game officials, responding to a series of incidents that had grown increasingly worrisome to the NFL Referees Association.
The message was delivered Monday via a memo written by NFL executive vice president Troy Vincent. In the letter, Vincent wrote: "We want to keep our players on the field. No one wants a penalty or an ejection to determine the outcome of the game. In recent weeks, however, there have been several suspensions and ejections because of contact with, and conduct toward, our game officials. This is not who we are -- as players, as clubs, as the NFL."
In a statement, NFLRA executive vice president Scott Green said: "We appreciate the league expressing its concerns to all clubs about abusive actions, both verbal and physical, toward officials. We would expect that any future actions will be met with appropriate and severe punishment."
Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch was suspended one game for making contact with an official this season. AP Photo/Ben Margot
NFL officials have ejected three players for making contact with them this season. One, Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, was suspended for it. In Week 12, side judge Laird Hayes suffered bruised ribs while trying to break up a fight between the Denver Broncos and Raiders. And in Week 13, Cleveland Browns right tackle Shon Coleman was fined $30,387 for knocking over umpire Jeff Rice while chasing a loose ball.
Most recently, New Orleans Saints coach Sean Payton received an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty in Week 14 after charging onto the field at field judge Joe Larrew to call timeout. Payton later said that the game, which the Atlanta Falcons won 20-17, was officiated "extremely poor."
The memo said the league will "continue to emphasize enforcement of unsportsmanlike conduct rules with our officiating crews, and they will be encouraged to disqualify players for any offenses directed at them. Such offenses may also result in fines, and/or suspensions."
It is not yet clear whether Payton will be disciplined beyond the in-game penalty. Asked Monday about Payton's criticism, NFL spokesperson Joe Lockhart said: "I think everyone is aware of the rules that are in place of public criticism of our officials, and those who need to be reminded occasionally are reminded."
Karabakh conflict can be resolved only within Azerbaijan's territorial integrity (PHOTO)
2017-04-18 16:16 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 18
Trend:
The Armenia-Azerbaijan Nagorno-Karabakh conflict can be resolved only within the territorial integrity of Azerbaijan in accordance with the norms and principles of international law, Azerbaijani Foreign Minister Elmar Mammadyarov said.
Mammadyarov, who is on an official visit to Malta, has made remarks at a meeting with Speaker of the Maltese Parliament Anġlu Farrugia, the Azerbaijani foreign ministry said Apr. 18.
The Azerbaijani foreign minister has already met with Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat.
During the meeting, the Azerbaijani foreign minister spoke about the negotiation process on the settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, the ministry said.
As for the role of parliamentary diplomacy in the modern world, Mammadyarov and Farrugia emphasized the importance of developing the interparliamentary cooperation.
During the meeting, Mammadyarov and Farrugia also expressed gratification with the current bilateral cooperation between Azerbaijan and Malta, the ministry said.
U.S Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrives at the Don Muang International Airport in Bangkok, Thailand, August 8, 2017.
ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's Kurds are sticking to a plan to hold an independence referendum on Sept. 25, despite a U.S. request to postpone it, a high-ranking Kurdish official told Reuters on Saturday.
The United States and other Western nations are worried that the vote could ignite a fresh conflict with Baghdad and turn into another regional flashpoint. Turkey, Iran and Syria, which together with Iraq have sizeable Kurdish populations, all oppose an independent Kurdistan.
"The date is standing, Sept. 25, no change," said Hoshyar Zebari, a close adviser to Kurdistan Regional Government President Massoud Barzani, after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson asked Barzani to postpone the referendum.
Tillerson made the request in a phone call with Barzani on Thursday, Zebari said.
"On the issue of the postponement of the referendum, the President (Barzani) stated that the people of the Kurdistan Region would expect guarantees and alternatives for their future," said a statement issued on Friday by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) presidency, after Tillerson's call.
The U.S. State Department said in June it was concerned that the referendum will distract from "more urgent priorities" such as the defeat of Islamic State militants.
Islamic State's self-proclaimed "caliphate" effectively collapsed last month, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces completed the takeover of the militants' capital in Iraq, Mosul, after a nine-month campaign in which Kurdish Peshmerga fighters took part.
The hardline Sunni militants remain however in control of territory in western Iraq and eastern Syria. The United States has pledged to maintain its backing to allied forces in both countries until the militants' total defeat.
The Kurds have been seeking an independent state since at least the end of World War One, when colonial powers divided up the Middle East, but their territory ended up split between modern-day Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria.
Barzani, whose father led struggles against Baghdad in the 1960s and 1970s, told Reuters in July the Kurds would take responsibility for the expected 'yes' outcome of the referendum, and pursue its implementation through dialogue with Baghdad and regional powers to avoid conflict."We have to rectify the history of mistreatment of our people and those who are saying that independence is not good, our question to them is, 'if it's not good for us, why is it good for you?'," they said in an interview in the KRG capital, Erbil.
Iraq has been led by Shi'ites since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein, a Sunni, by the U.S.-led invasion of 2003.
The country's majority Shi'ite community mainly lives in the south while the Kurds and Sunni Arabs inhabit two corners of the north. The centre around Baghdad is mixed.
Kurdish officials have said disputed areas, including the oil-rich Kirkuk region, will be covered by the referendum, to determine whether they would want to remain or not in Kurdistan.
The Kurdish Peshmerga in 2014 prevented Islamic State from capturing Kirkuk, in northern Iraq, after the Iraqi army fled in the face of the militants. They are effectively running the region, also claimed by Turkmen and Arabs.
Hardline Iran-backed Iraqi Shi'ite militias have threatened to expel the Kurds by force from this region and three other disputed areas - Sinjar, Makhmour and Khanaqin.
Holidaymakers struggle to obtain accurate information from travel firms about financial protection, an investigation has found.
Holidaymakers struggle to obtain accurate information from travel firms about financial protection, an investigation has found.
Staff at travel companies have a “lack of knowledge” about what is covered by the Atol scheme, research by Which? Travel magazine revealed.
Posing as potential customers, the publication made 80 calls to eight travel firms, asking a variety of questions.
British Airways and lastminute.com exaggerated Atol protection, with the former incorrectly telling researchers “on several occasions” that they would be covered despite only purchasing a flight.
Thomas Cook employees performed “particularly poorly” getting less than half (45%) of the answers correct, according to the report.
In eight out of 10 cases, the tour operator's staff could not confirm that customers are Atol-protected if they book a flight and hotel at the same time, or book a hotel the day after buying a plane ticket.
The Atol scheme ensures travellers do not get stranded abroad or lose money if a company stops trading.
UK-based companies must protect bookings consisting of flights and accommodation or flights and car hire.
More than 1.5 million travellers had their plans thrown into chaos in recent weeks because flights are not going ahead as planned.
Some 860,000 customers held bookings with Monarch when the firm collapsed on Monday, and around 700,000 passengers were affected when Ryanair cancelled flights after it mismanaged pilots' annual leave.
The investigation by Which? Travel found an online post by Ryanair wrongly stating that its subsidiary, Ryanair Holidays, was a member of Atol.
Ryanair Holidays is run by a German company and is part of a financial protection scheme in that country, according to the research.
The post has since been amended by Ryanair, but it is “still not clear how a claim to the German equivalent of Atol would be made”, Which? Travel warned.
The magazine's editor Rory Boland said: “Given the recent chaos caused by Monarch going into administration and Ryanair's flight cancellation shambles, it's just not good enough that travel agents don't understand the rules around holiday protections - especially when they are exaggerating the cover on offer.
“Atol-registered companies need to improve the accuracy of the information they are providing to their customers, and companies registered abroad must do more to inform customers in the UK about what protections they will be covered by.”
Ryanair chief marketing officer Kenny Jacobs said: “Ryanair holidays complies with all legal and regulatory requirements including EU provisions relating to insolvency protection.
“Ryanair Holidays' application for Atol protection remains ongoing. We expect the CAA (Civil Aviation Authority) to grant Atol protection shortly.”
CAA chief executive Andrew Haines said they were “furious” with Ryanair last week because it was not telling passengers they are entitled to be re-routed by other airlines following its flight cancellations.
The airline later agreed to implement measures to ensure passengers are “fully aware” of their rights.
(Reuters) - In its quarterly earnings report on Thursday, Apple Inc gave the first update in two years on what it calls its active installed base, the number of major products such as iPhones, iPads and Macs in use in the world. Apple said the base expanded 30 percent from two years ago to 1.3 billion.
That increase should have been seen as positive because Apple aims to become less dependent on selling iPhones and shift to selling its existing customers services like Apple Music or add-on devices like the Apple Watch or AirPods.
But analysts voiced skepticism. Apple's best-selling product, the iPhone, has seen relatively flat unit sales over the same two-year period. On Apple's earnings conference call, Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi said that the combination of trends implies users are hanging on to their devices longer, and they asked Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook whether investors should be worried about that.
Cook responded that it was up to investors to decide what to focus on, but said they were comfortable with customers buying used iPhones.
When customers sell their old iPhone for a new one, the old iPhone “winds up with another customer somewhere else that is perfectly fine with having a previously owned iPhone. And so I view all of that to be incredibly positive. It's more people on iPhones, the better,” Cook said.
Laura Martin of Needham & Co pressed Cook on whether the larger device base meant more devices per user, or more users - an important question, because a user with both an iPad and iPhone is likely to only purchase one Apple Music subscription, for example.
Cook said “there are many, many, many more” Apple users than two years ago but declined to give an actual figure.
The signals on how well Apple is monetizing users were mixed. Sales of its “wearable” accessories - Beats headphones, AirPods and the Apple Watch - were up 70 percent year-over-year in the fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 30. But services revenue - which includes Apple Music, iCloud and the App Store - fell short of analysts' expectations for the December quarter, at $8.4 billion, and was down slightly from the previous quarter.
Apple has yet to disclose plans for how it will distribute the television shows in which it has been investing in recent months, which could become a large business.
“They've been building up the services business for several years, knowing full well that at some point the gravy train on smart phones is going to end,” said Bob O‘Donnell, head of Technalysis Research.
Welcome to the Monday Rundown, where Richmond magazine's editors share their picks for the best things to see, do and experience in the region over the week ahead.
For the week of Dec. 11, 2017:
Meet the Superintendent
The Richmond School Board is inviting the public to a meet-and-greet session with Jason Kamras, Richmond's newly named superintendent of schools, on Monday, Dec. 11, from 6 to 7:30 p.m. at Virginia Union University's Claude G. Perkins Living and Learning Center, 1500 N. Lombardy St. Registration starts at 5:30 p.m. Also on Monday, at 9 a.m., the School Board, City Council, Mayor Levar Stoney and other administrators will hold their quarterly Education Compact meeting at the Richmond Police Training Academy, 1202 W. Graham Road. The School Board has extended the deadline for residents to apply to participate in the compact team until Dec. 15. The Education Compact is an effort to improve collaboration in addressing public schools' challenges. For more information or to apply, see the Richmond Public Schools website.
Disney on Ice: ‘Dream Big'
If you've got a little princess in your family, don't skate on this one. Disney on Ice presents "Dream Big" at the Richmond Coliseum, featuring favorite Disney heros like Snow White, Cinderella, Rapunzel, Cinderella, Tiana and, yes, Elsa. The magic starts at 7 p.m. on Dec. 14 and continues through Dec. 17. $15 to $81. 800-745-3000 or at ticketmaster.com.
A One-Man ‘Christmas Carol'
One guy, more than 40 roles. “A Christmas Carol” becomes a one-person extravaganza in the hands of Abingdon-based actor John Hardy when they take the stage at 7 p.m. Friday, Dec. 15, at the Henrico Theatre, 305 E. Nine Mile Road in Highland Springs. Hardy apparently never leaves the stage, and manages to evoke various characters by varying mannerisms and vocal and accent tweaks. All seats are $10.
Shop (and Brunch) Till You Drop
Calling all you last-minute shoppers: The final Brunch Market of the year is Sunday, Dec. 17, at Lunch/Supper in Scott's Addition from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Boogie down the aisles of in-town and out-of-town vendors, snag one of the market's famous chicken biscuits and drink a Texas Beach bloody as you blissfully check those gifts off your list.
Hailing from South Africa, promising finalists
to share US$100,000 Anzisha Prize 2017, Africa's premier award for their youngest entrepreneurs
Fifteen young African entrepreneurs have emerged as finalists from a field of more than 800 applicants for the seventh annual Anzisha Prize, Africa's premier award for their youngest entrepreneurs. Supported by African Leadership Academy (ALA) in partnership with the Mastercard Foundation, the Anzisha Prize celebrates and cultivates the next generation of young African entrepreneurial leaders who are creating job opportunities, solving local development problems and driving economies. Selected from 14 countries, nearly half of all candidates are young women representing sectors as diverse as clean energy, agriculture, waste recycling and youth empowerment. For the first time, candidates from Angola, Liberia, Mauritius, and Sudan entered the competition.
“We are excited by the number of young women finalists and thrilled that the prize is contributing to their economic empowerment,” Anzisha Prize Associate Melissa Mbazo said. “The success of these women-led businesses will be accelerated by access to Anzisha's financial and mentorship support.”
Among these young innovators is 21-year-old South African Maemu Lambani, the young owner of a Fearless Trendz, a digital marketing agency in Limpopo whose aim is to transform growing businesses into global brands and give them a platform to compete with their national, richer and older counterparts through social media. Other entrepreneurs include Liberian Satta Wahab, founder of Naz Naturals, a cosmetics company that creates organic hair care products that empower young girls and women to feel beautiful and confident with their natural hair and Thowiba Alhaj, the founder of Work Jump-Up Sudan, an organisation empowering university students by linking them to job opportunities.
“The calibre and diversity of the young men and women competing for this year's Anzisha Prize is impressive and improves each year,” said Koffi Assouan, Program Manager, Youth Livelihoods at the Mastercard Foundation. “As the pool of Anzisha fellows continues to grow, so too does their impact and influence on local communities and economies.”
Maemu will fly to Johannesburg to attend a 10-day entrepreneurial leadership boot camp where they will be coached on how to pitch their business to a panel of judges for a share of US$100,000 worth of prizes and support. The grand prize winner will receive US$25,000, while the runners-up and third place winners will receive US$15,000 and US$12,500, respectively. The remainder of the prize will be divided among outstanding finalists, including a $10,000 agricultural prize funded by Louis Dreyfus Foundation, as well as four $5,000 challenge prizes to bolster initiatives led by past Anzisha Prize finalists. All other finalists will each receive $2,500 prizes.
Maemu will also benefit from ALA's Youth Entrepreneur Support Unit (YES-U), which provides consulting and training support to Anzisha finalists. This includes the Anzisha Accelerator boot camp, mentorship and consulting services, travel opportunities to network, and business equipment, valued at US$7,500.
As finalists, Maemu will be evaluated by a panel of five experienced judges who have contributed to building youth entrepreneurship in Africa, such as Wendy Luhabe, a pioneering social entrepreneur and economic activist. Laureates will be announced during an inspiring gala evening on October 24, which will include a keynote address from serial entrepreneur Fred Swaniker, founder of both the African Leadership Academy and African Leadership University.
The 2017 finalists for the Anzisha Prize are:
1. Ajiroghene Omanudhowo, 22, Nigeria: Ajiroghene is the founder of three businesses operating under the parent company 360 Needs. ASAFOOD delivers food to universities, ASADROP is a logistics company specializing in parcel delivery and Beta Grades helps students prepare for their exams by providing computer training.
2. Victoria Olimatunde, 15, Nigeria: Victoria is the founder of Bizkids which teaches high school students about financial literacy, savings, money management, and small-scale business management. Bizkids encourages young people to create jobs as entrepreneurs, not just seek jobs as employees.
3. Dina Mohamed Ibrahim, 22, Egypt: Dina is one of the founders of Metro Co-Working Space, which rents work spaces to entrepreneurs and provides workshops and resources from them to thrive. .
4. Edgar Edmund, 17, Tanzania: Edgar is the founder of GreenVenture Tanzania which recycles plastic waste into cheap and affordable building products like paving blocks. GreenVenture helps people build houses while promoting environmental sustainability.
5. Fadwa Moussaif, 22, Morocco: Fadwa is the founder of Boucharouette Eco Creation (B.E.C.) which empowers local women to become independent by using quality fabrics to revive the art of Boucharouette rug-making.
6. Gerald Matolo, 20, Kenya: Gerald the founder of Angaza Africa Technologies, which makes briquette-machines, solid waste carbonization kilns, and processes biomass briquettes.
7. Ibrahima Ben Aziz Konate, 22, Cote D'Ivoire: Ibrahima is the founder Poultry d'Or, a company that processes and distributes poultry products and agro-foods the same day.
8. Ignatius Ahumuza, 21, Uganda: Ignatius is one of the founders of Art Planet Academy, which provides practical agriculture training in schools. Art Planet creates and innovates climate-smart farming technologies, tests them at demonstration farms and incorporates them into a practical agriculture training curriculum.
9. Jessan Kumar Persand, 22, Mauritius: Jessan is the founder of Crab Aquaculture Project (Jessan Seafood), a business that breeds and raises crabs. Jessan produces about 2,000 crabs per month which are sold to hotels and restaurants.
10. Maemu Lambani, 21, South Africa: Maemu is the founder of Fearless Trendz, a digital marketing agency whose aim is to transform growing and local businesses into global brands by using social media.
11. Moonga Chowa, 22, Zambia: Moonga is the founder of Chilimba, a mobile platform that works on any mobile phone and allows savings groups to manage their contributions in an efficient and transparent manner, enabling them to migrate to safer digital money.
12. Rebecca Andrianarisandy, 20, Madagascar: Rebecca is the founder of GasGasy which supplies affordable, environmentally-friendly and sustainable bio-fertiliser made in Madagascar for Malagasy people. It is easier to spray on crops because it is liquid fertilizer. GasGasy acts as an insecticide and is gentle on the soil.
13. Satta Wahab, 21, Liberia: Satta is founder of Naz Naturals, a Liberian cosmetics company that creates organic hair care products from unrefined shea butter and empowers young girls and women to feel beautiful and confident with their natural hair.
14. Thowiba Alhaj, 20, Sudan: Thowiba is one of the founders of Work Jump-Up Sudan, an organisation that intends to empower university students by linking them with job opportunities. Their primary activity is to search for potential employers and encourage them to offer students part-time jobs.
15. Vicente Zau, 19, Angola: Vicente is the founder of Vicente News Company, an online platform that aims to promote African music, mainly Angolan music, across the continent to encourage the growth and development of African music in foreign countries.
Keep up with the latest news, meet the finalists, hear more about their ventures, and watch the awards gala live on YouTube.
Distributed by African Media Agency (AMA) on behalf of African Leadership Academy (ALA).
Bullying is the number one concern for parents ahead of Scottish schools going back this week, according to a poll by leading charity, Action for Children Scotland.
The survey of 1000 families across Scotland also highlighted parental worries about children's emotional wellbeing, the cost of school uniform and simply getting kids back into the school routine.
Families revealed that they would benefit from one to one support to help with issues, and more availability of after school clubs and classes.
The charity is using the survey results to highlight the need for parents to talk to their children regularly, monitor use of social media and build family time into busy lives, when young people and children are more likely to engage and open up about their problems.
Paul Carberry, Director of Action for Children Scotland, said: “We want starting the new school year to be a positive, exciting time for children and their parents. Our staff are on hand to provide practical and emotional support to help with the transition back to school, recognising the range of challenges that some families face. This includes bringing parents and teachers together to resolve difficulties jointly and at an early stage.”
The charity has welcomed the Scottish Government's ‘Pupil Equity Fund' which can be used by Head Teachers in a flexible way to tackle issues and difficulties which may result in some children being disadvantaged at school by circumstances outside their control.
Paul Carberry added: “The ‘Pupil Equity Fund' is a real opportunity to make a difference to those children who are at greatest risk of non-attainment, and to bring in flexible support to help address the challenges.”
The charity has issued their Top Five tips for parents as children go back to school. Louise McKechnie is a Family Support Practitioner at Action for Children Scotland's Glasgow Family Wellbeing Partnership which supports vulnerable families in Glasgow. Louise says:
1. Bedtime routine: Establishing a good bedtime routine is key. Over the summer holidays, children are usually out of this routine. Having a chat to children about that change and making sure that children are prepared for making it is important to avoid chaos in the morning!
2. Be prepared: Preparing uniforms, shoes and lunches the night before is very important. If these things aren't ready in the morning, then that's another stress for both parents and children. By having everything ready the night before, it means the children can be ready to go quickly in the morning.
3. Speak to teachers: Often parents we work with have concerns about bullying, additional needs or emotional wellbeing. Communication with the school in advance and setting out a support plan helps to reduce any worries for parents and child.
4. Know what school policies are: Particularly in relation to late comings and absence and how to report these. Having the school numbers handy and having them logged in your phone is essential as is making sure your phone has credit.
5. Finding out about school clubs: This poll highlighted how valuable parents regard these sorts of activities for their children. The school handbook details what clubs are available and schools often issue letters about activities happening throughout the year. Schools are easily contactable so there are a number of ways to find out what is available and the sort of activities your children can take part in.
Cosplayer Philip Odango for Comic Con
Philip Odango, award-winning international cosplayer, designer, producer and author from the US, will be participating in Comic Con Africa 2018 and will be one of the international judges for this year's Cosplay Championships.
Odango makes their own costumes and is well-known for their craftsmanship as Canvas Cosplay.
They appeared as an invited guest, workshop presenter and costume contest judge in numerous conventions worldwide and has judged the global C2E2 Crown Championships of Cosplay finals.
Their costumes have been featured by Marvel and Disney in media such as The New York Times, Good Morning America, SyFy Channel, The Disney Channel, The Chicago Tribune and Forbes Magazine. Further to this their artistry has been included in industry publications including Cosplay Culture Magazine, Cosplay in America and Kotaku.
Odango has produced over two dozen stage productions and in 2017 Philip partnered with Singer Sewing Company as its brand ambassador, and in 2018 they launched their Cosplay Professional Development Series of books and workshops.
They join cosplayer Yaya Han as part of the judging panel that will decide who will be representing Comic Con Africa at C2E2, Crown Championship of Cosplay.
ReedPop has a global Cosplay circuit namely “The Quest for the Cosplay Crown”, where every ReedPop Con with a cosplay competition participates. All ReedPop Cosplay Competitions are treated as regional championships in the quest for the cosplay crown.
Comic Con Africa, presented by Reed Exhibitions Africa and ReedPOP in partnership with VS gaming, will be held from 14 – 16 September 2018 at the Kyalami Grand Prix Circuit & International Convention Centre.
ISLAMABAD : The law enforcement agencies are still to make headway in tracing suspended SSP Rao Anwar amid growing outrage at the extrajudicial killing of 27-year-old youth Naqeeb from South Waziristan.
The Mehsud tribesmen are staging sit-in in Islamabad over a fake ‘encounter' in Karachi. The protesters are demanding the immediate arrest of SSP Rao Anwar, who has gone into hiding after registration of a murder case against them and their team for their involvement in what investigators described a fake encounter.
Earlier this week, the Supreme Court (SC) ordered all state institutions to extend support to Sindh police to trace down the absconding cop.
Chief Justice of Pakistan (CJP) Mian Saqib Nisar also ordered Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) to approach Interpol authorities outside Pakistan for arrest of Anwar and renewed a 10-day deadline for provincial police to hunt the suspended cop at large.
On January 27, the apex court had set three-day deadline for IG Police Sindh to arrest the SSP in the murder case of 27-year-old Naseemullah, better known as Nqeebullah Mehsud.
FIR No 40/18 under sections 365, 344, 302, 109 and 34 of the Pakistan Penal Code and Section 7 of the Anti-Terrorism Act has been registered at the Sachal Goth police station on the complaint of Naqeeb's father Muhammad Khan against SSP Rao Anwar and their team.
Naqeebullah Mehsud was killed in alleged fake encounter conducted by the Malir SSP Rao Anwar on January 13, 2018 in the eastern suburb of Karachi. The police officer claimed that Mehsud had links with proscribe organisations like Lashkar-e-Jhangvi and the Islamic State.
A Joint Investigation Team (JIT) formed to probe the case later revealed that Naqeebullah's death was an extrajudicial killing.
Orignally published by NNI
Charles Kraeling is the first Island Health employee to receive an International Award of Valour
A protection service officer at Cowichan District Hospital has received another accolade for what their employer is calling “an incredible act of bravery on the job.”
Charles Kraeling has become the first Island Health employee to receive an International Award of Valour by the International Association for Healthcare Security and Safety for their efforts in disarming a man with a knife in July 2017.
In November 2017 Kraeling had been honoured with a Provincial Award of Valour by the association's B.C. chapter.
Kraeling responded to a Code White (a violent or volatile individual) at the hospital and found a knife-wielding man who was threatening himself, patients and staff in a four-bedroom ward.
Kraeling said something distracted the man and knife-wielder took their eyes off of Kraeling, which provided Kraeling the opportunity to grab the man's knife arm.
“We had a brief struggle and I managed to get the man onto the ground, and they released the knife,” they said.
“My partner, who was staying back until then, managed to kick the knife further away, and I handcuffed him. The nurses gave them some medication and they started to come to some realization of what was going on. They just aren't thinking in a right state of mind until then.”
Kraeling said no one was injured in the incident and the man was very apologetic for their actions.
“He really didn't mean to be violent,” they said.
Kraeling was honoured this week in Chicago at the International Association for Healthcare Security and Safety's annual conference.
“Our Protection Services Officers must confront many challenges in their work lives and often go above and beyond in the call of duty to protect patients and staff as Charles bravely demonstrated,” said Leah Hollins, Island Health board of directors chair. “It is gratifying for us all to see them recognized and celebrated by their peers and on an international stage.”
SEE RELATED: Protection service officer at Cowichan Hospital gets award for handling man with knife
sarah.simpson@cowichanvalleycitizen.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Rision Ltd:
* RNL SECURES MANDATE WITH CHAPMANS LIMITED TO RAISE $1.5M
* WILL ISSUE SHARES AND OPTIONS TO CHAPMANS AND OTHER INVESTORS‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HOUSTON - The lone bright spot for the Red Sox on Friday in an 8-2 American League Division Series loss to the Astros was David Price.
The lefty threw 2 2/3 scoreless innings in relief, allowing one hit and one walk while striking out two. They tossed 38 pitches, 24 for strikes.
Price entered with the bases loaded and one out in the third inning, when the game was still within reach at 4-1.
They induced two infield pop ups and shut down the potent Astros lineup in the fourth and fifth innings to at least give the Red Sox a chance.
"Price has been great," starter Drew Pomeranz said. "Every time he's come in out of the bullpen this year, he's completely shut the other team down."
He's been so good, that Red Sox manager John Farrell is considering a start for the lefty, but it would not be in Game 3, even with the Red Sox down 0-2 in the series.
"I think that what we're seeing is 40 pitches is about the comfort zone which he's been built out at," Farrell said. "He's throwing the ball very well. They come in with their back against the wall in a key spot, gets two big outs to end the threat, he's throwing the ball very, very well. Cutter to both sides of the plate, has shown a feel for a changeup, full assortment of pitches that they typically have, he's done a very good job."
In six appearances out of the bullpen since their first appearance on Sept. 17, Price has thrown 11 1/3 scoreless innings, allowing four hits and three walks while striking out 16.
Price pitched three times in the span of four days in the final week of the regular season, throwing no more than 24 pitches in any of those outings. Farrell said Price would be likely be available out of the bullpen on Sunday.
"The way he's bounced back, I would anticipate they would be ready or available," Farrell said. "But we'll check and see how we get through (Saturday's) workout and how they bounce back. But that would be my anticipation at this point."
If the Red Sox can scrape out a win in Game 3, it seems possible Price gets an an abbreviated start in Game 4.
--
Follow MassLive.com Red Sox beat reporter @jcmccaffrey on Twitter. They can be reached by email at jmccaffr@masslive.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Facebook appeal was launched to find the parents of a three-year-old girl after they were found scooting alone in a street on New Year's Day.
The youngster, believed to be around the age of three, was found on their own with a scooter in Wythenshawe 's Benchill area in the afternoon on New Year's Day.
They were discovered by a man who led them to safety before contacting the police, reports the Manchester Evening News.
A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Police said the child was reunited with their parents on Sunday evening.
Concerned residents posted an appeal to find the girl's family on social media.
One posted: “Little girl around 3 years old with scooter been found walking streets in Benchill . Police have just picked them up from Costcutter Holyhedge.”
Many were relieved to discover that their parents had been found.
One wrote: “Hey guys spoke to police and little girl has been reunited with their parents. Thanks for sharing.”
Another added: “Great news.”
It is not known how the tot came to be out on the streets - or how long they had been out on their own.
A spokesperson for GMP said: “The child was found and reunited with their parents earlier today.
“The relevant agencies will be contacted in due course.”
COLUMBIA, Mo. -- Missouri forward Jontay Porter has withdrawn their name from the NBA draft and will return for their sophomore season.
The school announced Porter's decision on Wednesday, the final day the 6-foot-11 forward could remove their name from the draft and return to the Tigers for next season. Porter followed the lead of their brother, Michael Porter Jr., in declaring for the draft last month but didn't hire an agent.
Jontay Porter averaged 9.9 points and 6.8 rebounds per game as a first-year student for Missouri, doing so after reclassifying their prep eligibility and skipping their senior year of high school so they could join their brother with the Tigers. They earned SEC Co-Sixth Man of the Year honors and was named to the league's All-Freshman team.
The 18-year-old took part in the NBA's draft combine two weeks ago and was projected to be taken late in the first round or early in the second.
Michael Porter Jr., a 6-foot-10 forward, hired an agent and will not return to school. They missed nearly the entire season with a back injury and returned for the SEC tournament. They had 16 points in 28 minutes in a first-round loss to Florida State in the NCAA tournament.
5 memorable Anil Kumble moments on the cricket field
Five memorable Anil Kumble moments on the cricket field.
meit sampat ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 16:05 IST 758 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Anil Kumble has been the most successful bowler for India in international cricket
Anil Kumble, nicknamed Jumbo has been the most successful bowler to have played the game of cricket for India. Kumble bagged 619 wickets in 132 Tests at an average of 29.65 which has been the highest for any Indian bowler in Tests and only third highest in history of Test cricket.
In ODIs, Kumble has bagged 337 wickets in 271 ODIs at an average of 30.89 which also is the highest for any Indian bowler in ODIs. The champion bowler has led India to many victories in international cricket during their playing days. Here is taking a look at five such memorable Anil Kumble moments on the cricket field.
#5. The Wounded Warrior, Antigua, 2002:
Kumble bowled with a broken jaw and dismissed Brian Lara in that spell
In a Test match against the West Indies in Antigua in 2002, Anil Kumble was hit by a bouncer by Merv Dillon and as a result of which had a broken jaw.
Kumble, undisturbed by the blow, batted bravely for another 20 minutes. But the true braveness was seen when Kumble bowled 14 continuous overs with a broken jaw and even dismissed the star West Indian batsman Brian Lara in that spell.
The spell of 14 overs by Anil Kumble is regarded as one of the bravest acts in the history of Test cricket.
Homicide detectives are investigating after the body of a man, 46, was located near a construction site in King Township in York Region on Friday.
At around 4:40 p.m., York police say they responded to a call in the Jane St. and Mount Mellick Dr. area., where they found the body.
Investigators identified the victim as Richard Layton, of no fixed address. Detectives say they were known to frequent the Sherbourne St. and Dundas St. area in Toronto.
Detectives are asking anyone who may have seen them in Toronto before Dec. 8 to contact the homicide unit at 1-866-876-5423 ext. 7865.
For a film that stars children locked in battle with a demonic clown, IT sure does seem preoccupied with sex. From the way that the camera objectifies Beverley Marsh to that sewer sex scene (and its notable absence), talk surrounding the Stephen King adaptation is filthier than the greywater which our beloved Losers wade through.
That's nothing though compared to the ways in which fans have fetishised Pennywise himself, confessing all the ways that they want to do 'it' with the Dancing Clown. Sure, the idea of bumping uglies with such an ugly creature may be off-putting to some. However, if you peel away the ruffles and unholy face-paint, underneath you'll discover Bill Skarsgård, a man who will make you scream in a whole different way.
Don't believe us? One particularly revealing sex scene from one of Skarsgård's earliest movies will undoubtedly leave fans floating for joy.
Behind Blue Veins
Seven years before Pennywise awoke from their slumber in IT, Bill Skarsgård awoke our own burgeoning sexuality with an erotic sex scene in the Swedish movie Behind Blue Skies. Taking place in the '70s, this coming-of-age story follows a young guy called Martin who works in a hotel to avoid their drunken father and presumably buy some more flared jeans.
Check out a subtitled trailer for 'Behind Blue Skies' below:
For the most part, Behind Blue Skies plays out like any standard Swedish drama. However, fans of Pennywise may be surprised to learn that the first few minutes of the film introduce us to Bill Skarsgård receiving oral sex from a female companion. Sure, that might sound pretty explicit, but the nudity on display is even more graphic than American audiences might be used to... and when we say 'graphic', we mean 'full on close-ups of Bill's erect penis' graphic. Unfortunately, the scene in question is NSFW and can instead be found in either the darkest corners of the web or your local Swedish cinema circa 2010.
Behind Blue Skies [Credit: Nordisk Film]
At the age of just twenty years old, most actors would shy away from onscreen nudity, but not Bill. Following in the footsteps of their brother Alex in True Blood and their father Stellan in Thor: The Dark World, Skarsgård quite literally bares all in this early role, providing some real life fodder for the #Pennywise enthusiasts out there.
Behind Blue Skies [Credit: Nordisk Film]
Fans hoping to see Skarsgård unleash this shape-shifting horror in IT: Chapter Two may need to content themselves with a private Ritual of Chud for now. After all, the franchise — and by extension, Hollywood itself — remains remarkably prudish about depicting sex onscreen, even though America doesn't seem to hold the same qualms about violence. #StephenKing themselves was surprised at how reactions for IT focused almost entirely on issues of sex rather than the bloody deaths of children that the film portrayed onscreen.
Although it would be rather inappropriate for #BillSkarsgård to do 'it' in #IT, we're sure that the star will still find plenty of opportunities to showcase their talents in their entirety again some time in the future. Let's just hope that it doesn't take 27 years for Skarsgård's very own Dancing Clown to float out from its deep, deep slumber.
On a scale of 1 to "OMG YOU CAN SEE EVERYTHING!", how much would you like to clown around with Bill Skarsgård? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below!
Geoffrey the Giraffe sadly closed the doors to Toys R us last week, and is officially retired after decades of being the face of the best toy store in the universe.
However, if the San Antonio Zoo has any say in it, Geoffrey will be far from done bringing joy to thousands of children. The San Antonio Zoo offered Geoffrey a job as an "Ambassador for Giraffe Conservation," and they believe they could use their celebrity to inspire people to protect giraffes now and forever.
Video of Save Geoffrey. Save Giraffes.
Unfortunately, the giraffe population worldwide has dipped below 100,000, largely attributed to poaching, habitat loss and habitat fragmentation. The San Antonio Zoo wishes for Toys R Us to donate the rights to the popular character saying in a video, "We are passionate about securing a future for wildlife, and we'd like to secure a future for Geoffrey."
In the meantime, the zoo has started a GoFundMe to raise money for the Giraffe Conservation Foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to protecting giraffes in the wild.
Via CNN
Source: Court sheriffs must be probed – DailyNews Live
14 February 2017
HARARE – The office of the Sheriff of the High Court must be investigated
for poor supervision which has resulted in messengers of court serving
papers to defendants at wrong addresses.
A lot of people in Zimbabwe were not particularly surprised last week when
the Con-Court threw out Promise Mkwananzi's case after ruling that they had
flouted proper procedure by lodging their application to the wrong address.
It turns out that court papers were delivered at New Government Complex
instead of President Robert Mugabe's offices at Munhumutapa Building.
And Mkwananzi's lawyer, Kudzayi Kadzere, is justified in being apoplectic
with fury as reported elsewhere in this edition.
Apparently, there had been warning signs even before the latest Con-Court
fracas. Last year, High Court judge Justice Nicholas Mathonsi, sitting at
the Bulawayo High Court, described the conduct by officials from the
Sheriff of the High Court as “deplorable” and called for urgent action to
reform the institution.
They had seen trouble coming.
To the uninitiated, once you file your case, you have to “serve” the court
papers. It is not enough to call the person on the phone and tell them
about the case.
The court will need proof that they know about the case. “Serving” is
delivering court papers to the defendant that tell them who is taking them
to court, what the case is about, court dates and when they need to answer.
You serve a copy of the summons you got when you filed the case. The
summons says who are taking the defendant to court, what the case is about,
when the defendant needs to answer, and to whom they need to answer. If you
want to use the sheriff, usually for security reasons, you pay him. Now
the person entrusted with this duty in this case, failed and submitted
fake returns of service and false service to the courts even after being
paid.
As noted by Justice Mathonsi, there must be concerted effort to nip the
rot in the bud. Courts transact very serious business whose outcome
affects the lives of members of the public as exemplified by
#Tajamuka/Sesijikile leader Mkwananzi's challenge
that President Robert Mugabe was violating Zimbabwe's Constitution by
violently breaking street protests.
Such bungling must, where proved, be severely punished in order to
discourage those among the assistants of the sheriff who are lazy to
deliver court papers thinking they can serve process by Bluetooth while
sitting in their offices only to hoodwink the court by submitting fake
returns.
The police powers of those “special deputies,” and what criteria
government is using in selecting them – must be included in the
investigation, at the behest of the High Court standards, which must be
alarmed by concerns being raised about the deputies.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
Hollywood has been waiting to see when Netflix will downshift out of the fast lane — specifically, when it will stop burning tons of cash on an ever-expanding bonfire of original titles.
That day is not coming anytime soon. Netflix could soon be worth more than Disney, which once was rumored to be a suitor, as it rides investor excitement and continues to steamroll across the globe. Netflix's market value was $138.3 billion versus Disney's $150.6 billion as of Monday.
Netflix pulled in $11.7 billion in revenue in 2017, with a net margin of 4.8%. It could take its foot off the gas and focus on profits. But it's still acting like a high-growth-mode start-up: This year, the company expects to spend up to $8 billion in content, and it's projecting negative free cash flow of $4 billion.
That cash burn will continue “for several more years as our original content spend rapidly grows,” Netflix told investors in announcing its first-quarter 2018 results.
Traditional media companies wouldn't be able to sell that kind of story. Netflix's staggering price/earnings ratio of 254 for the last 12 months — versus, for example, Disney's P/E ratio of 14.26 — gives off a whiff of the dot-com boom of the early 2000s.
Related Netflix's Ted Sarandos on the Streamers' Cannes Film Festival Debut Netflix U.K. Nabs Two Seasons of Reality Hit ‘Love Island'
For now, the money keeps churning through Netflix's coffers. On Monday, the company announced that it priced $1.9 billion in debt notes (“junk bonds” in industry parlance) to fund rising spending on original TV shows and movies.
That's on top of the $6.54 billion in long-term debt it held as of March 31, along with a whopping $17.9 billion in content-payment obligations, which are due over varying lengths of time. Meanwhile, Netflix had $2.6 billion in cash and equivalents on hand at the end of the first quarter.
Can Netflix sustain the kind of trajectory needed to pay off its mortgages? Plenty of investors seem to think so, but the phenomenon has some on Wall Street scratching their heads. “We are left with the continued displeasure of believing the stock is overvalued,” analyst Michael Nathanson wrote in an April 17 note, “but not seeing any legitimate fundamental reason for investors to sell the stock.”
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has hit out at England for ‘theatrical' antics during their World Cup last 16 win over Colombia, with the Manchester United boss singling out Harry Maguire for individual criticism.
The Three Lions booked a quarter-final spot against Sweden after defeating their South American opponents on penalties in Moscow on Tuesday night.
The match was a tempestuous one however, with a number of flashpoints involving players from both sides, and a referee, American Mark Geiger, who was appeared unable to exert control.
Eight players were booked - six Colombians - while Jordan Henderson appeared to be on the receiving end of a headbutt from Wilmar Barrios during the first half, as a stormy clash descended into a battle of tit for tat.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: REUTERS)
Jose Pekerman, the Colombia coach, has hit out at what they termed England's antics, while Diego Maradona astonishingly called on FIFA referees' chief Pierluigi Collina to apologise to the Colombian people following their exit.
Three Lions chief Gareth Southgate says they were proud of how their players handled the volatile atmosphere, but Mourinho had their own thoughts, in particular regarding one moment early in the second half, when Maguire appeared to go down without any contact.
(Image: PA)
“The negative thing for me was the fact…I think there is exaggeration on theatre by the players,” said Mourinho, who was working as a pundit for Russia Today.
“I was surprised to see central defenders like Harry Maguire, normally they are a very honest guy, diving in the attacking box asking the referee for VAR.
"Every team has lots of diving, lots of pretending, lots of putting pressure on the referee. The game loses quality…and for me that was the negative point."
(Image: TASS)
Maguire themselves was very unhappy with the incident involving Barrios and Henderson, which saw the Colombian issued with just a yellow card.
The Leicester centre-half admitted the official's decision left them surprised.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“From what I saw they [Barrios] moved their head towards their face and Jordan got a cut on their lip.
“I don't know how they reviewed it,” they added. “If they have shown them a yellow card for it, it has to be a red.
"From my view, they moved their head towards Jordan's face, they definitely made a connection and cut their lip.”
In a first for in-car convenience features, Jaguar is teaming up with Shell to launch a new payment feature that lets you use Apple Pay or PayPal (with Android Pay coming later on) to easily pay for gas right within their vehicles at the pumps. The feature is coming to the UK first, but will roll out around the world after that.
The feature requires installation of the Shell app to make the payments possible, but it'll show up on your Jaguar's in-car infotainment touchscreen display once installed, You can then pay using either your PayPal or Apple Pay credentials as mentioned, and all of this is available as of Wednesday in the UK – provided you've got a new model Jaguar XE, XF and F-PACE car.
The app lets the driver select how much gas they want, then pre-pay for their fuel. It also shows a receipt of the payment on the display itself, and forwards along a copy to your email address.
It's true that a lot of pumps support payment at the pump via credit or debit card, but this is an even more convenient system since you never even have to take out your wallet. It's also a sign of things to come – in-car payment methods that use retailer and service provider apps, combined with stored digital payment methods like Apple and Android Pay, as well as instant receipts and transaction records seem like a huge opportunity, now that vehicles are increasingly networked and equipped with geolocation services.
Here's hoping Jaguar owners aren't the only ones who get to enjoy this luxury for long.
Over the weekend, the Information Technology Industry Council and 44 other trade associations banded together and published a letter demanding that the Trump administration take “measured” steps to stop China's unfair trade practices and voiced its opposition to unilateral tariffs that could damage industries as diverse as electronics and agriculture.
As we have been covering on TechCrunch, the Trump administration is readying a comprehensive “all of the above” series of policies to fight China, including tariffs that might reach above $100 billion, visa restrictions on Chinese nationals, and prohibitions on Chinese capital from buying or investing in American companies. The Trump administration is expected to develop a policy here shortly as part of the conclusion of its section 301 trade investigation into China.
The letter warns that tariffs in particular could lead to “a chain reaction of negative consequences for the U.S. economy, provoking retaliation; stifling U.S. agriculture, goods, and services exports; and raising costs for businesses and consumers.”
Interestingly, the letter leaves open the door for tariffs. From the letter:
In particular, it is critically important that the Administration work with like-minded partners to address common concerns with China's trade and investment policies. Imposition of unilateral tariffs by the Administration would only serve to split the United States from its allies, hinder joint action to effectively address shared challenges, and ensure that foreign companies take the place of markets that American companies, farmers and ranchers must vacate when China retaliates against U.S. tariffs.
Considering the wide variety or organizations that signed onto this letter, it is interesting to note that free trade arguments are not being used here forcefully, but rather that America should only implement trade restrictions with the cooperation of other nations.
The letter from the trade association in many ways mirrors a letter released by House Republicans two weeks ago that similarly urged the administration against imposing unilateral tariffs on aluminum and steel, tariffs that the Trump administration had already announced that it is implementing.
Outside ITI, the signatories of the trade association letter included a spate of tech industry-affiliated associations, including Allied for Startups, CompTIA, the Computer and Communications Industry Association, the Consumer Technology Association, the Developers Alliance, the Internet Association, the Software & Information Industry Association, TechNet, and the Telecommunications Industry Association.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rose by almost 1 percent on Tuesday, lifted by a weak dollar, tensions in the Middle East and concerns of a further fall in Venezuelan output.
FILE PHOTO: A service truck drives past an oil well on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation in North Dakota, U.S., November 1, 2014. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen/File Photo
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were at $62.61 a barrel at 0744 GMT, up 55 cents, or 0.9 percent, from their previous close.
Brent crude futures were at $66.53 per barrel, up 48 cents, or 0.7 percent.
“Tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran gave prices some support,” said Sukrit Vijayakar, director of energy consultancy Trifecta in a note.
Futures traders also pointed to general dollar weakness as a supporter for crude.
A weaker greenback makes imports of dollar-denominated crude cheaper for countries using other currencies at home, potentially spurring demand.
Worries about Venezuela's tumbling crude production also supported oil markets.
The International Energy Agency said last week that Venezuela, where an economic crisis has cut oil production by almost half since early 2005 to well below 2 million barrels per day (bpd), was “clearly vulnerable to an accelerated decline”, and that such a disruption could tip global markets into deficit.
Still, surging U.S. crude oil production, which has risen by more than a fifth since mid-2016, to 10.38 million bpd, has been looming over oil markets.
U.S. output is now higher than that of top exporter Saudi Arabia. Only Russia produces more, at around 11 million bpd, although U.S. output is expected to overtake Russia's later this year as well.
Soaring U.S. output, as well as rising output in Canada and Brazil, is undermining efforts by the Middle East dominated Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to curb supplies and bolster prices.
Rising U.S. oil output isn't just being refined at home either, as WTI's widening discount to Brent makes U.S. crude exports attractive.
“Spot Brent crude oil prices averaged $3.36 per barrel more than WTI prices in 2017 compared with just $0.40 per barrel more in 2016, providing a price incentive to export U.S. crude oil into the international market,” said Matt Stanley, a fuel broker at Freight Investor Services International in a note.
Brent's current premium over WTI is almost $4 per barrel.
With U.S. oil increasingly making its way into the world, many analysts expect global oil markets to flip from slight undersupply in 2017 and early this year into oversupply later in 2018.
Trump Says Memo's Release 'Totally Vindicates' Him In Russia Probe
Enlarge this image toggle caption Win McNamee/Getty Images Win McNamee/Getty Images
President Trump used Twitter Saturday to champion the release a day earlier of a controversial, previously-classified document that alleges the Justice Department and the FBI abused their surveillance authority. The memo "totally vindicates" him, the president said. They also called the Russia probe "an American disgrace."
They tweeted: "This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
Not long after the president's tweet, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., fired back with a tweet of their own: "Quite the opposite, Mr. President. The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your advisor, Papadopoulos, who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians."
After anticipation gripped Washington, D.C., throughout the week — with fissures between the president, the law enforcement community and Congress— Friday Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee made public a three-and-a-half-page document authored by the committee's chairperson, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., after Trump had declassified the memo and approved its release.
The document contends the FBI and the Justice Department used of a now infamous, unverified Russia dossier compiled by a former British spy to seek a warrant approved by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court in order to conduct surveillance of former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
Since the memo's release, some Republicans have expressed sentiments similar to Trump's and seized on the memo's assertions raising doubts about the impartiality of the top FBI and Justice Department officials investigating Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and possible connections with Russia.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., said in a statement Friday that they were "pleased" the American people could view the document "which details abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act."
They also went on to praise the "vast majority" of FBI employees, before adding: "The contents of the memo continue to raise serious questions about decisions made by Justice Department and FBI leadership during the 2016 presidential election and afterwards, and the role senior FBI officials played in these questionable decisions and irregularities."
Fellow Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida tweeted: "Not only did the Memo lay bare a systemic pattern of abuse within the FBI & DOJ, it confirmed my worst fear: America's free & fair elections were threatened from within. Our own DOJ worked to tip the scales of justice in order to benefit one political candidate. #MemoDay."
Democrats have raised concerns that the memo's release is being used to lay the groundwork for the eventual firing of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein who oversees the Russia probe on behalf of the DOJ or the eventual end of the Justice Department's engagement of special counsel Robert Mueller, a former FBI director, who is leading the investigation.
A letter sent to the president Friday signed by 10 top congressional Democrats including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., warned that the lawmakers would consider terminations of the top leadership at the Justice Department or the FBI as "an attempt to obstruct justice."
"We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation. Firing Rod Rosenstein, DOJ Leadership or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre."
At White House Friday, before Trump left for a weekend stay at their Mar-a-Lago club in Florida, they were asked if the memo's release made it more likely he'd fire Rosenstein. They responded: "You figure that one out."
In an appearance Saturday on Fox News, deputy White House press secretary Raj Shah was asked if Rosenstein was on the hot seat, but attempted to play down those concerns.
"Rod Rosenstein's job is not on the line. We expect them to continue their job as the deputy attorney general," Shah said.
Many Democrats and even some Republicans have expressed concern about the release of the controversial, once-secret spying memo and the impact it could have on the Justice Department and intelligence community.
Trump, Nunes and others, claim it shows that the FBI and the Department of Justice have been biased in their investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible connections between the Trump presidential campaign and Russia.
But others see the memo's release as a dangerous upheaval of established oversight norms in favor of partisan politics, in an effort to discredit the Mueller investigation.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain, R-Ariz., had one of the harshest rebukes, saying that the memo's release did nothing but aid Russian President Vladimir Putin by undermining the legitimacy of American institutions.
"The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only Putin's. The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded," McCain said in a statement Friday. "Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him."
GOP Releases Memo Alleging FBI Surveillance Abuses GOP Releases Memo Alleging FBI Surveillance Abuses Listen · 19:25 19:25
NPR's Ryan Lucas reported that Nunes and other Republicans claim the memo shows that "anti-Trump Democrats within federal law enforcement used flimsy evidence that was paid for by ideological fellow travelers to scam a judge into authorizing the surveillance of" former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page. That surveillance of Page was based on the infamous, unverified Steele dossier, which was funded in part by Democrats including the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign.
However, the memo also asserts that it was contacts between Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos and Russians — and overtures from Russia to the campaign via Papadopoulos — that "triggered" the FBI counterintelligence investigation in Russia's election interference and contacts between Russia and Trump's campaign. Papadopoulos has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about their contacts with Russians.
Retiring moderate Rep. Charlie Dent, R-Pa., said the memo's release also breached norms about using intelligence for political reasons.
"As I have publicly stated on several occasions, it's a mistake to release this memo," Dent wrote on Twitter Friday afternoon. "No Members of Congress-nor their staff-should risk divulging sensitive sources/methods of Intelligence for partisan gain. This sets a dangerous precedent that may have far reaching implications."
Schiff, the Ranking Member of the House Intelligence Committee, told NPR's Ari Shapiro on Friday's All Things Considered that the decision to release the GOP memo was "not only reckless but misleading."
"The procedure they used to publish this document has never been used before, and for good reason. The Congress shouldn't be cherry-picking intelligence and publishing it for political reasons," Schiff said.
Democrats' rebuttal memo is still classified after the committee voted along party lines not to release it alongside the GOP memo.
"I think the Republicans know it's really unsustainable for them to claim they're doing this in the interest of transparency but refuse to let the country the see response to it," Schiff said of that decision. Schiff also said that Democrats on the committee plan to try to force a vote on releasing their rebuttal on Monday.
Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-Calif., another member on the House Intelligence Committee, said on CNN before Friday's release that, "What this memo does is it seeks to torch every floor of the FBI building to protect the president."
Senate Intelligence Committee Vice Chairman Mark Warner, D-Va., said that the memo's release was "reckless and demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth."
"This unprecedented public disclosure of classified material during an ongoing criminal investigation is dangerous to our national security," Warner continued in a statement Friday. "This will make it far more difficult for the Intelligence Committees to conduct meaningful, bipartisan oversight of intelligence activities in the future. This action was also taken without regard to the damage it could do to our ability to protect Americans from threats around the globe."
Former FBI Director James Comey — whose firing last year by Trump contributed to Mueller's appointment to oversee the FBI investigation — tweeted that the memo's release was underwhelming and not worth the damage it did.
Christopher Wray, who was picked by Trump to replace Comey as FBI director and who opposed the release of the memo, reminded bureau employees in an internal video released Friday that "in the end, actions speak louder than words."
NEW YORK (Reuters) - An unnamed trader dubbed the “VIX elephant,” who for months has prepared for a spike in equity market volatility, adjusted a massive options position as stock prices plunged on Friday, thereby erasing months' worth of hedging losses.
The CBOE Volatility Index .VIX, better known as the VIX, is the most widely followed barometer of expected near-term volatility for the S&P 500 Index .SPX. It rose more than four points to 17.86, its highest since November 2016.
For one trader, whose VIX options position was in the hole by as much as $35 million as of early January, the market rout provided a serendipitous opportunity to capitalize on the higher volatility to erase all of those losses.
On Friday, in one trade, more than 2 million VIX options changed hands as a position with an expiration on February 14 was closed and a fresh position was opened for contracts expiring on March 21.
VIX options are primarily used to protect against a stock market pullback.
“He had something expiring in February and would have probably rolled it around this time anyway,” said Pravit Chintawongvanich, head of derivatives strategy at Macro Risk Advisors in New York.
“The VIX spiking gives them a little bit of a better opportunity,” said Chintawongvanich, who calls the trader ‘the VIX elephant,' in an allusion to the enormous size of the options position.
Rolling refers to the closing of an existing position to replace it with a similar position that is set to expire further out in time, a strategy the trader has used for months.
The large trade on Friday boosted overall VIX options volume to a record 4 million contracts, about four times the daily average, according to options analytics firm Trade Alert.
It also accounted for about 6 percent of overall options activity in all U.S. listed options contracts on Friday, per Trade Alert.
Macro Risk Advisors' Chintawongvanich estimates that the trader was up about $40 million on the February contracts.
“He started trading this structure back in July and if you look at their profit and loss they are now flat,” Chintawongvanich said.
The trader's position in the March term stands to profit if volatility continues to spike. The maximum gain will be realized if the VIX settles at 25 at the March expiration.
Reuters could not determine the overall impact of the volatility spike on the anonymous trader's trade book.
Jeff Knox is catapulted into the spotlight only once a year – sometimes once every couple of years – and it's always at the Masters.
Every time an odd number of players make the cut at Augusta National, Knox is used as the marker on both Saturday and Sunday, making up a two-ball with the player who has the highest score through 36 and 54 holes in the first group out of the day.
Jeff Knox first assumed the role in 2003 and has since gone on to develop a type of cult-hero status, aided by the age of social media and also the fact that Augusta National refuses to allow them to speak to reporters.
Jeff Knox: Here's what we know
Full name Jefferson Boone Aiken Knox
Age 55
Family Wife, Christine; Son, Lee
Honours Three-time Georgia Mid-Am champion, three-time Georgia Amateur runner-up, Augusta National course record holder (61 in 2003).
Occupation Knox is the managing partner of Knox Ltd. In their position, Knox provides real estate investment and brokerage services in Georgia and South Carolina through their company, B. Knox & Co. They have also been a director of First Bank of Georgia and Georgia Carolina Bancshares Inc. since December 2009 and July 23, 2012 respectively. They have been the executive director of the Knox Foundation, a private charitable organisation, since April 1998.
Also…
Knox' son, Lee, is a very handy golfer in their own right. They were a college teammate of Justin Thomas at the University of Alabama and is a two-time winner of the Georgia Amateur Championship – a title that has so far eluded their father.
In 2010, the two were paired together in the final round of the event, with Lee – who now works as a sports agent – coming out on top. Lee said: “After the round I just told him, ‘I finally beat you in the tournament you wanted to win most, and that made it extra special'.” Jeff added: “This is much better than me winning.”
What the top players say about them
Given the stellar field that the Masters attracts, Jeff Knox has had the pleasure of playing with a range of players over the years – from multiple major winners to amateurs teeing it up in what may be their only appearance at Augusta.
What players do glean from Knox, though, is a whole lot of knowledge, as per this feature on Golf.com.
Rory McIlroy: “He's the best I've ever seen on Augusta's greens. They know every blade of grass. That's so key – more so than anywhere else we play.”
Kevin Kisner: “If the PGA Tour played every event at Augusta National, Jeff Knox would be on tour. They don't miss inside eight feet.”
Keegan Bradley: “Jeff was the nicest guy. I couldn't believe how good they are. They birdied the fourth hole with the pin back right – seriously? Their buddies were cheering them on. He's a stud.”
Focus at the zoo was placed on developing the ability to lift an elephant anywhere it was down in either the indoor or outdoor habitats. “The first phone call we made was to the fire department,” said Zoo Director Brendan Wiley. “They were willing to help.”
A team was assembled for some table top discussions. Around the table were zoo staff, firefighters, crane operators, tow truck operators and others that had some experience with lifting heavy awkward
things. Not long after the first meeting in 2013, the fire department brought someone new into the picture – the Animal Search and Rescue team of the Emergency Equine Response Unit. Once or twice a year over the last three years, Topeka Zoo staff, Topeka Fire Department personnel and the Animal Search and Rescue team have trained on different down elephant scenarios. Each training led to enhancements in both equipment and technique. This morning, that training paid off.
When staff arrived at the zoo Sunday morning, Shannon, a 35 year old African elephant, was down. They were lying on their side in an indoor space with the other elephants standing guard. Staff tried to encourage Shannon to stand up. They simply couldn't do it. At approximately 7:30 this morning, the Down Elephant Emergency Protocol was initiated. Working together the zoo, the Topeka Fire Department Technical Rescue Team and the Animal Search and Rescue Team began the process of getting straps under Shannon's side and attached to a rigging system. A tripod was erected around them When all was ready, the rigging was attached to a specialized hoist that began to lift Shannon up.
With the majority of Shannon's body weight off the ground, they were given an enema for rapid hydration. They began to try to get their feet under them and failed. Several attempts later, they were able to stand and support their own weight. At approximately 11:30 this morning, they were released from the straps that had helped them stand.
During the procedure, zoo veterinary staff administered several medications. Staff were able to retrieve blood samples which will hopefully help identify the underlying cause. Shannon will be staying inside for the rest of the day. Currently, they are eating and drinking well but they need to be kept under close observation.
Elephants typically don't lay down for extended periods of time in part due to their body mass. In the event where an elephant is sick or injured, if it stays lying down for too long, body processes can begin that may cause the elephant to die. The older an elephant gets, the more concern this causes.
“What I witnessed this morning was incredible,” said Wiley. “When I first saw Shannon lying there, I didn't think they were going to make it. Even with all the preparation we had put into this, I was still amazed by the commitment and determination of our firefighters and colleagues from Animal Search and Rescue. They saved an elephant today.”
PanARMENIAN.Net - Junior finance minister Menno Snel attended a ceremony to mark the 103rd anniversary of the Armenian Genocide on behalf the Dutch parliament on Tuesday, April 24, DutchNews.nl says.
Parliament voted in February almost unanimously in favour or recognising the killing of 1.5 million Armenians in the dying days of the Ottoman Empire as genocide. Only Denk voted against the motion. The government then agreed to send a minister to the commemoration of the Armenian genocide in Yerevan, in line with parliament's wishes, without formally recognising the genocide as such.
"By attending the commemoration we are showing our respect for the terrible events done to minorities, in the same way that the government attends the commemoration of the Dutch slavery history," Minister for Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Sigrid Kaag said during a debate on the issue.
Snel declined to speak to reporters after the ceremony, broadcaster NOS said.
“Call Them Ganda,” director PJ Raval's non-fiction investigation into the death of a Filipina sex worker at the hands of an American Marine on leave, should function as a murder mystery, courtroom drama, and exposé about the U.S.'s thorny post-colonial relationship with the Philippines. Yet with access to only one side of its central conflict, and a scattershot approach that skims over key details and points of interest, this well-intentioned documentary leaves audiences feeling like they're only getting part of a much larger story. After its Tribeca Film Festival debut, its theatrical prospects seem slim.
In 2014, 26-year-old Filipina prostitute Jennifer Laude – known by their mother as “Ganda,” which means “beauty” – was found strangled and drowned (in a toilet) in a motel across the street from the nightclub where they plied their trade. According to both friends and security camera video, Laude was last seen in the company of 19-year-old PFC Joseph Scott Pemberton, who immediately became law enforcement's prime suspect. Since many Filipino sex workers apparently hide their transgender status so as not to alienate potential clients, Pemberton's possible motive wasn't difficult to deduce — having been surprised to learn that Laude was not what they thought them to be, they killed them in a fit of humiliated rage.
That straightforward narrative is proffered by not only Laude's mother, siblings, friends, supporters, and legal team (led by Virgie Suarez), but by “Call Them Ganda” as well. While it's a solid theory that resulted in Pemberton's conviction, director Raval skimps so heavily on important particulars — for example, about the physical evidence against Pemberton, or the defense mounted by their lawyers — that the case hardly seems airtight. Compounding matters, the film provides scant background about Pemberton (save for their relationship with their lesbian sister) and Laude (whose sex-worker status is obliquely called into question by some). Worse still, it fails to identify any of its speakers (we're left to catch their names via snippets of dialogue), or explicate the Philippines' legal differentiation between “murder” and “homicide” — a crucial point in the eventual verdict.
In place of such basic information, “Call Them Ganda” focuses on the way Laude's case reveals the unfairness of the U.S.-Philippines Visiting Forces Agreement (VFA), which allows accused American serviceman to avoid local prosecution and imprisonment, and bolt the Philippines under care of the U.S. military, if a court case isn't brought within a year. Since that situation can be facilitated by all manner of delay tactics, the VFA appears to give Americans wide latitude to do whatever their hearts desire in the country, which naturally infuriates Filipinos and, in particular, the routinely victimized trans community.
Uncle Sam newsreel footage about the Philippines offers some superficial historical context for the two nations' long-standing bond. However, any real discussion of why the VFA continues to flourish is largely ignored, as is the means by which objections to it helped spur the rise of controversial current President Rodrigo Duterte. Meanwhile, the director's considerable use of TV broadcasts and social-media comments (shown graphically crowding the screen) prove to be alienating devices, underlining the remove at which the film operates – less with regards to Laude's mother (who's repeatedly interviewed) than to Pemberton and their representation, who are only spied in news broadcasts and photos.
Mike Simpson's handheld cinematography and Nathan Halpern and Chris Ruggiero's mournful score are aptly seductive. And in the figure of investigative journalist Meredith Talusan (an albino transgender Filipina-American woman reporting on this ongoing tale),“Call Them Ganda” locates further intersections of the personal and the political. Even in Talusan's case, though, in-depth portraiture is too often sacrificed in favor of expressionistic gestures that barely dig beneath the surface.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
According to new reports, the Duchess of Sussex is expected to put in an appearance at Wimbledon later this week.
As a close friend of Serena Williams, it's thought that Meghan Markle will turn out to watch the tennis champ take to the court. The Express reports that the Duchess will not be present at Wednesday's match, with a source suggesting that Meghan might put in an appearance later in the week, if Serena makes it into the next round.
The Express cites an "insider" as saying, "If they were to attend, we would know two or three days before or on the morning of."
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Apparently, Williams revealed to reporters (via The Express) that they didn't know if the Duchess of Sussex would be putting in an appearance at Wimbledon. They allegedly said, "I don't know. We'll see. If I keep winning."
CNN reports that Williams is super happy to be back at Wimbledon, as they said, "It's a great feeling to be back. It's been a couple of years since I played on grass, so it is difficult trying to find the rhythm."
Back in June 2018, Williams was forced to pull out of the French Open, as they had a chest muscle injury. Despite their frustration at not being able to play, Williams remained committed to getting back on form for future tournaments.
During a press conference at the time, they revealed, "The fact that I physically can't serve at all is a good indication that maybe I should just go back to the drawing board and stay positive, and try to get better and not get it to a point where it could be a lot worse."
SAINT JOHN, N.B.—A New Brunswick lighthouse almost as old as Confederation has been destroyed by a fire.
The Saint John fire department says it was notified of the blaze at the Swift Point Lighthouse on the Saint John River in the city's Green Head area around 10 p.m. Tuesday local time.
Division chief Mark Wilson says the site is remote and required firefighters to trek into the woods on foot with their gear for a couple kilometres.
“It was challenging getting water into it because it was a long, old dirt road with heavy brush and forest,” said Wilson in a phone interview Wednesday.
Wilson said by the time officials arrived on scene, the Canadian Coast Guard-owned lighthouse — a white four-sided tapered structure with a red top — had collapsed.
Did you know that on average in stormwater, 45% of the phosphorus load and ~50% of the metal load (cadmium, copper, zinc, etc.) is present in dissolved form? And unfortunately, most of these dissolved pollutants travel downstream to our receiving water bodies and wildlife untreated (thanks to physical treatments which only capture the particulate forms). However, there are cost-effective enhancements and new methods you can employ to significantly improve your dissolved pollutant capture.
Join returning speaker, Andrew Erickson, to explore cost-effective, field-tested methods to capture stormwater dissolved pollutants and optimize your stormwater treatment performance, AND how you can apply these to your projects to effectively capture the dissolved pollutant fraction.
This webinar is scheduled live on Wednesday, February 22th, 2017 @ 11:00 a.m. PST / 2:00 p.m. EST, 1-1.5hr.* Register for the event by clicking the button below.
In this webinar, we'll explore the presence and distribution of dissolved pollutants in stormwater, the current treatment methods, and their results / shortcomings. Erickson will then outline the available chemical and biological processes and enhancements (e.g., compost-amended bioretention, Minnesota Filter, alum coagulation, flocculation, phosphorus capture, etc.) to increase dissolved pollutant capture, AND how you can implement these within your projects. Within this discussion, we'll explore real-world data from several field applications of enhanced treatment practices demonstrating the significant removal of dissolved pollutant fractions from stormwater, and the sustainability of this removal for long-term results.
Learning Objectives
Attendees can expect the discussion and education of the following learning objectives.
Learn how to capture stormwater dissolved pollutants and optimize stormwater treatment performance
Learn how to incorporate chemical and biological processes into stormwater treatment practices to increase dissolved pollutant capture
Review and understand real-world field application of enhanced treatment practices and the resulting data demonstrating significant removal of dissolved pollutant fractions from stormwater
Learn how to design dissolved pollutant capture for long-term sustainability and performance
Date & Time:
Wednesday, February 22th @ 11 a.m. PST / 2 p.m. EST, 1.5-2hr*
Presenters:
Andrew J. Erickson, M.S., P.E.,
Research Fellow,
St. Anthony Falls Laboratory, University of Minnesota.
Credits: 1.0 PDH / 0.1 CEUs
Cost: $79
HALIFAX - A Nova Scotia Supreme Court judge is expected to give their final instructions to the jury today in the first-degree murder trial of Halifax medical student William Sandeson.
Sandeson is charged in the death of Taylor Samson, a 22-year-old Dalhousie University student whose body has never been found.
The trial has heard Samson went to Sandeson's apartment on Aug. 15, 2015 to sell them nine kilograms of marijuana for $40,000.
In their closing arguments Tuesday, Crown lawyer Kim McOnie suggested Sandeson lured Samson to their apartment and shot them in the back of the head during a drug deal as part of a scheme to alleviate their debt.
McOnie noted Sandeson told police three different versions of what happened that evening, and suggested to the jury that none of those versions are true.
Defence lawyer Eugene Tan said in their closing arguments Monday that Sandeson is not a "criminal mastermind'' and that the Crown twisted evidence in the case to fit its theory that they killed Samson.
Tan conceded there was a "violent incident'' at the apartment that night, but said Sandeson maintains there was someone else who was also at the apartment.
Court has heard Samson was last seen alive on video walking into Sandeson's apartment shortly before 10:30 p.m. on Aug. 15, 2015.
DNA matching Samson's was recovered from a bullet, gun, duffel bag and other items seized from Sandeson's Henry Street apartment in Halifax and their family's farm in Truro, McOnie noted.
They argued Sandeson — who was slated to start medical school at Dalhousie University within a week of their arrest — was motivated by money, noting they were in debt and that police only recovered roughly $7,200 cash.
The trial has heard Sandeson was in debt and under pressure from their parents about their spending in the weeks before they allegedly murdered Samson. Sandeson owed roughly $72,000 on a $200,000 line of credit, the jury has heard.
McOnie suggested Sandeson never intended to buy the drugs that night — they planned to steal them.
"Taylor Samson had no clue what they were walking into to," said McOnie, adding the Crown believes Samson was shot in the back of the head while seated at Sandeson's kitchen table.
Tan has asked the jury to acquit Sandeson.
The last few years have seen the FCC move to the foreground of the tech world with some far-reaching decisions that were aimed at protecting the open internet — but also made the agency some powerful enemies. Commissioner Mignon Clyburn is still holding the net neutrality torch, and she'll be joining us at Disrupt NY to talk about it.
Clyburn, originally from South Carolina, was appointed to the FCC in 2013 by President Obma. Since then they have made it their business to “put #consumersfirst,” as they often put it. Under former Chairman Tom Wheeler's leadership, that meant putting strong rules in place around net neutrality and privacy — rules now being openly targeted by the agency's new leadership.
But while that has led to some conflict, Clyburn has other issues on their plate that aren't as subject to partisan interference: overseeing new broadband deployments, promoting transparency and diverse leadership in TV stations and other organizations, and ensuring the economically disadvantaged and disabled aren't excluded from the modern internet-based economy.
They have also led efforts for years to expose and change the trend of private prisons restricting communication and charging inmates and their families exorbitant fees for simple video or audio calls.
Commissioner Clyburn joins a list of all-star speakers at TC Disrupt NY, which goes down May 15 to May 17. You can pick up your tickets here.
Sponsors make TechCrunch events possible. If you are interested in learning more about sponsorships with TechCrunch, shoot an email to sponsors@techcrunch.com.
Talk about hair of the dog. Mere hours after Katy Perry left pal Jeremy Scott's Moschino fete to celebrate their Candy Crush collection, the “I Kissed A Girl” singer was playing hostess to a Easter Day Recovery Brunch, which also marked the launch of the Katy Perry Footwear line.
A field filled with larger-than-life inflatable Easter eggs led the way to the entrance of the private estate in Thermal, Calif., which Perry had taken over for the occasion. Arriving at 3:30 p.m., they posed against a wall of edible doughnuts, inside a larger-than-life shoe, and atop their sky-blue vintage Mercedes convertible, which has also been featured in their ad campaign images.
Perry stopped by all the brand activation stations, which gave partygoers a chance to relax and rejuvenate after pulling all-nighters. The gratis amusements (which brands donated in the name of marketing) included a make-your-own bloody mary bar, a Juicero pop-up and an oxygen bar.
A cheeky purple Easter bunny roamed the grounds posing for photos, whiskey bottle in hand (with no Perry in sight at the time, one had to wonder, could they be beneath the costume?)
The party was produced by Los Angeles nightlife impresarios The H.Wood Group (behind hotspots The Nice Guy and Blind Dragon); cofounder John Terzian is an old friend of Perry's. Them BFF Markus Molinari also produced, joking, “She should name their next shoe after me.”
Brunch included fried chicken and churro waffles, as well as vegan alternatives. Russell Simmons opted for the waffles.
For their Easter Sunday look, Perry chose white shorts, a white tank top and a fishnet coverup, with gold bauble earrings. In keeping with the Easter theme, they wore their own bunny-themed flats and carried a somewhat macabre white rabbit-head-shaped handbag. The style from their collection was actually based on a pair of vintage flats they found years ago, as they told WWD earlier.
They also danced with pal Mia Moretti again (on Saturday night, the two were spotted on the decks together at Scott's event) and posed for photos with their stylist and creative director of their shoe line, Johnny Wujek.
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
Pokémon Company's president Tsunekazu Ishihara announced Tuesday at a Tokyo press conference that their hit mobile game “Pokémon Go” has been downloaded 800 million times.
The free-to-play game has been a runaway hit since its release in summer of 2016. The 800 million figure hints that the game shows no sign of slowing down any time soon, as it's a rapid increase from the 650 million downloads announced at the Game Developers Conference in March.
“Pokémon Go” has made the Pokémon Company an impressive amount of money through micro-transactions. According to Newzoo, the mobile game earned $470 million USD in the first 80 days after launch. The title is free to download and play on iOS and Android, but players have the option to buy in-game currency to purchase accessories, like Pokeballs and Lures, with their real-world dollars.
The news comes just after the reveal of two new “Pokémon Let's Go” titles coming to Switch. “Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu!” and “Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee!” are coming in November. The games are based on the popular 90s Game Boy title “Pokémon Yellow: Special Pikachu Edition.” A free-to-start Pokémon game, “Pokémon Quest,” hit the Switch last night as well.
Earlier in May, “Pokémon Go” developer Niantic Labs announced they intend to create an augmented reality map of public spaces using the help of players and startup Escher Reality. Niantic Labs is also currently working on a new AR title based on the world of Harry Potter called “Harry Potter: Wizards Unite.”
If you fancy a huge slice of 1990s pop, get down to Peterborough United's Abax Stadium on Saturday where you can catch chart-toppers Steps supported by the boys from Blue.
In the past year the band have made a return to the charts, to TV, to radio, to huge concerts and to the hearts of the nation…
Blue
And this weekend, as part of their 20th anniversary celebrations, the iconic pop group bring their outdoor Summer Of Steps Tour to Peterborough.
Steps first broke onto the pop scene in 1997 and their debut single 5,6,7,8 achieved record-breaking success – a clear indication of what was to follow. The band - who became synonymous with lively dance performances, colourful costumes, and a refreshing take on pop tunes each bursting with personality - went on to achieve an unbroken run of 14 Top 5 singles (including three Number 1s), two four-times Platinum albums and one five-times Platinum album.
During their career, until their break in 2001, they notched up an impressive 20 million record sales and seven sold-out arena tours.
A decade later, the band decided to reunite, shooting to Number 1 with their 2011 hits compilation ‘The Ultimate Collection', and selling out their 20-date ‘Ultimate Tour'.
In 2017, to mark their 20th Anniversary, Steps brought out their highly anticipated album Tears on the Dancefloor, which achieved Silver status in just three weeks, and announced their indoor winter 2017 Party on the Dancefloor Tour.
The huge success of the album, which features a host of new material, including the smash single Scared of the Dark, led to the album being re-released as a deluxe edition (led by the new single Dancing with a Broken Heart), and to the announcement of the Summer Of Steps Tour.
Steps said “The appetite for Steps has never been stronger, and we are thrilled to continue performing throughout next year. We promise to deliver a massive party at our summer gigs. Bring your family and bring your friends – we cannot wait to see you there!”
Blue, who are supporting at the Peterborough show, are the British boyband who dominated the charts – and the hearts of their adoring fans – during the early noughties.
They scored three Number 1, platinum-selling albums, and three chart-topping singles too, amassing 11 UK Top 10s and duetting with legends like Elton John and Stevie Wonder.
The four friends – Antony Costa, Duncan James, Lee Ryan and Simon Webbe – were the heartthrobs for a whole generation, right from the moment their debut hit All Rise smashed the Top 1o, followed by their risqué first Number 1 Too Close, which still sounds as fresh – and as saucy – as it did almost two decades ago.
Their perfect harmonies, heartfelt lyrics and approachable, laddish personalities helped them build a huge fanbase who still come out on force to support the guys whenever they perform.
After a hiatus, the boys reformed for a special performance with Lionel Richie in 2009 at the Capital FM Summertime Ball followed, two years later, by a reunion to represent the UK in the Eurovision Song Contest.
Two all-new albums followed in 2013 and 2015, along with nine sell-out tours across 24 countries. In October 2017, the band told the true story of their success in a revealing and endearing biography All Rise: Our Story.
London-based Tail is a new fintech startup that offers a glimpse into the promise of Open Banking. This is seeing upcoming legislation in the EU and U.K. force banks to offer third-party developer access to your bank account data — with your permission, of course.
The app, initially available for iOS and serving London only, offers heavy discounts at local places to eat and drink, all linked to the card you pay with and delivered each week in the form of cashback. However, the draw is how seamlessly it all takes place, by being built on top of digital-only challenger bank Starling‘s API, with Monzo integration also in the works.
This means that it is as simple as granting the Tail app access to your Starling bank account, a one tap process akin to Facebook or Twitter log-in, presuming that you are already a customer of Starling. Once you've agreed to a set of permissions — which can be a little daunting the first time, even though they can be easily revoked within the Starling app at any time — any offers that pop up in the Tail app can be redeemed simply by using your Starling MasterCard at the corresponding merchant.
No coupons or receipt scanning or even having to explicitly tell Tail the bank account or card number you want your cashback deposited. And, presumably, once your Starling card has expired (or is lost or stolen), you won't have to manually link your new card to Tail as it will simply pull the new card info via the challenger bank's API.
My takeaway: Open Banking is going to be nothing if not convenient, depending on how comfortable you are with granting third-party apps access to your banking data.
“Tail is turning open banking APIs into an offer platform, thereby eliminating all friction points for retailers and consumers which are still inherent in today's solutions,” Tail founder and CEO Philipp Keller, who was previously at Morgan Stanley, tells me.
“Using Tail, consumers can browse through a selection of curated offers, which are pre-linked to their bank card, eliminating the need for physical vouchers or coupon codes. The offer feed is updated in real-time and location specific. Redemption happens in-app, allowing for a more discreet way of redeeming offers, and accumulated savings are distributed back to the user in the form of cash back paid out in regular intervals”.
Meanwhile, along with making it super convenient for customers to discover and redeem offers, the Tail CEO reckons it is addressing a number of merchant pain points too, and thus opening up this kind of offers platform to smaller independents right down to the Long Tail.
“There's no EPOS integration or codes required, no staff involvement whatsoever, they don't have to download an app and we track the redemption stats for them,” they say. “The retailer provides card details and tells us what type of campaign they want to run, the discount and the applicable times”.
In addition, new tools, such as real-time flash campaigns or “sequenced offers,” help to address specific issues such as spare capacity utilisation and new customer acquisition more effectively.
Flash campaigns that are simple to run via Tail could include a merchant offering 50 per cent off on a rainy day, or putting up an offer for the next 30 minutes during an unexpected lull in footfall. And by “sequenced offers,” Keller is referring to ways of enticing first time customers to become repeat customers, such as different discounts depending on if it is a first, second or third visit to a particular restaurant.
“We're looking to turn this into a self-serve platform at some point. At that point it will be even easier; just insert campaign type (first-time customers, off-peak hours, etc) and enter card details,” they add.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi Friday lauded the services of the outgoing Chinese Ambassador to Pakistan Sun Weidong for further strengthening and deepening the strong bonds of friendship and multi-sector cooperation between Pakistan and China.
Talking to the ambassador who made a farewell call on the here at Prime Minister Office, the Prime Minister commended their services for facilitating smooth and expeditious execution of the CPEC projects.
They said Ambassador Sun Weidong had also contributed
significantly in expanding people-to-people contacts and
collaboration in various areas, ranging from trade and commerce to education and culture.
Prime Minister Abbasi said the conferment of the prestigious
Hilal-i-Pakistan on Sun Weidong stands as a testimony of the
outstanding performance of the Ambassador.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the work of Ms.Bao
Jiqing in creating better understanding and affinity between the people of Pakistan and China. The Prime Minister wished the outgoing Ambassador the very best in their future personal and professional life.
Ambassador Sun Weidong thanked the Prime Minister and the Government of Pakistan for extending cooperation in the performance of their diplomatic duties and said it was a privilege for them to serve in Pakistan, and to play their part in further strengthening the time-honoured friendship between the two nations.
BOSTON -- Former Padres and Diamondbacks GM Kevin Towers died Tuesday after a battle with thyroid cancer.
Red Sox president Sam Kennedy and Cubs president of baseball operations Theo Epstein, who were classmates together at Brookline High, knew Towers well from their time working with them in the Padres organization.
"KT is one of the most important people in many of our careers," Kennedy said today at the Hot Stove Hardball Discussion at Hotel Commonwealth.
"When we got to San Diego (1996), they had just become general manager," Kennedy added. "Truth be told, without KT, Theo Epstein wouldn't be working in baseball operations. He's the one that put them down there behind the plate at Qualcomm Stadium. And he's just a great, great, great guy. Everything that's been written about him, it's not overstated. They were just a really special person and gone too soon."
Epstein, who attended law school at the University of San Diego, told Baseball Prospectus in February 2004, "At the time, the Padres were a very small baseball operation. They only had, really, a handful of full-time people involved in the office. Padres GM Kevin Towers did a great job of surrounding themselves with people that complemented him, and each brought a different skill set to the table. No one under their purview directly in baseball operations had a law degree.
"So by going to law school and getting the degree, if there was a negotiation where maybe (Towers) would only have the assistant general manager with him, in this case they would approve me as well-if only do the contract language. Getting that seat at the table gave me the opportunity to be involved, and then my responsibilities grew from there."
Zac Brown has cancelled their “Southern Ground Music Festival.” So if you were planning that little road trip to Charleston in May … we've gotta wait til next year.
Zac says they need some time to focus on their new album… “Welcome Home.” Release date is May 12th.
I bet there are a lot of disappointed folks. Zac Brown Band puts on such a great show. Lookin' forward to some new music from them tho'.
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
Feb 2 (Reuters) - TT International Ltd:
* ENTERED TERM SHEET WITH A POTENTIAL INVESTOR FOR INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF UP TO S$125 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Aberdeen Standard Investments has joined forces with European buyout firm 21 Partners to set up a €1bn private equity fund, FN's sister publication Private Equity News reports.
The joint venture, which will launch later this year, will buy non-controlling stakes in European companies and will be able to hold investments for up to 15 years, Aberdeen said. Buyout firms typically prefer to own companies outright and look to sell their investments within 10 years.
...
Step Afrika!, the first professional dance company dedicated to the tradition of stepping, is in Springfield for a performance at American International College Tuesday evening and were spotted along Worthington Street passing the time.
Company members Kiera Haley, Jerel Williams, and Jabari Jones were on the sunny side of Worthington Street enjoying the mild day and doing what they enjoy the most- stepping.
"We are waiting for our hotel room (at the Sheraton) to be ready," said Haley. "So we are just out here killing time before we check in."
Referring to the beautiful weather and an abundance of time, Haley said "Why not?" when asked why they were outside dancing.
Stepping is a form of percussive dance that uses the dancers entire body to create sounds and rhythms. Stomping, clapping, and shouting are some of the ways they create their beats and musical accents.
Founded in 1994, the company is ranked as one of the top ten African American dance companies in the United States. They travel all over the world bringing their passion for stepping to audiences as a cultural ambassador.
You can find Step Afrika! on Facebook and Instagram, and on their website here.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol is one of the least affordable cities to live in the UK as house prices hit almost nine times higher than earnings.
The Lloyds Bank Affordable Cities Review found Bristol is the 11th least affordable city to live in the UK, behind cities like Oxford, London and Exeter.
According to the research, the cost of living in cities has reached its least affordable level since 2007, before the financial crash.
Lloyds Bank mortgage products director Andy Mason said: "City living suits the lifestyles of many people looking for shorter commutes with much of what they need on their doorstep, but buying a city property is the least affordable it's been for a decade."
Bristol's average house prices of £288,000 according to Lloyds is now 8.8 times higher than average earnings.
Average house prices have also grown by 25 per cent since 2007, from £229,784 to £280,000 in 2017.
The average house price across cities equated to seven times typical annual earnings in 2017, the Lloyds Bank Affordable Cities Review found.
This is the highest house-price-to-income multiple since the average city home cost seven-and-a-half times earnings in 2007.
In 2012, the average city home cost around 5.6 times wages.
But over the past five years, the average house price across UK cities has surged by over a third (36%), reaching £232,945 in 2017.
Over the same period, average city earnings have risen by 9 per cent to £33,420.
Oxford was found to be the least affordable city in the study, with average property prices there equating to 11.5 times average annual earnings.
Stirling in Scotland was identified as the UK's most affordable city for the fifth consecutive year, with average property prices at around four times annual earnings.
Six cities in the study have house prices commanding at least 10 times the average earnings of residents.
As well as Oxford, these are Cambridge, London, Brighton and Hove, Bath and Winchester.
Lloyds said the London average multiple of 10.2 disguises significant variations between boroughs in the capital.
Mr Mason said there is also a "clear North-South divide", with the least affordable cities list dominated by the southern England.
The least affordable cities with average house-price-to-earnings ratio...
1. Oxford, South East, 11.5
2. Cambridge, East Anglia, 10.5
=3. London, 10.2
=3. Brighton and Hove, South East, 10.2
5. Bath, South West, 10.1
6. Winchester, South East, 10
=7. Truro, South West, 9.3
=7. Exeter, South West, 9.3
=9. Southampton, South East, 8.9
=9. Canterbury, South East, 8.9
=11. Bristol, South West, 8.8
=11. Salisbury, South West, 8.8
And the most affordable...
1. Stirling, Scotland, 4
2. Londonderry, Northern Ireland, 4.1
3. Bradford, Yorkshire and the Humber, 4.5
4. Lancaster, North West, 4.8
5. Durham, North East, 5
=6. Belfast, Northern Ireland, 5.1
=6. Sunderland, North East, 5.1
=6. Lisburn, Northern Ireland, 5.1
=9. Dundee, Scotland, 5.4
=9. Swansea, Wales, 5.4
=9. Perth, Scotland, 5.4
GREENSBORO, N.C. – George A. Smedberg, 90, formerly of Southington, CT, went to be with our Lord on Friday, Dec. 8, 2017. They peacefully transitioned while at Beacon Place (HPCG). They were the husband of (predeceased) Virginia F. Smedberg for 66 years. They are now together again in their heavenly home!
The second oldest of 6 children, George was born on Nov. 5, 1927, in Bristol, CT, the son of the late William R. and Alberta (Elton) Smedberg. They both entered and left this world on the day of a snowstorm.
 They are survived by their children, Douglas Smedberg (and wife, Gayle,) of Greensboro, NC, Bruce Smedberg (and wife, Janice,) of Ft. Myers, FL, and Arthur Smedberg (and wife, Kathleen,) of Plantsville, CT. They also leaf behind 6 grandchildren, 6 great-grandchildren, their brother, Larry of Rocky Hill, CT, and their sister, Frances M. (Smedberg) White of Bristol, CT; and several nieces and nephews. They were predeceased by two brothers and one sister. Their family was their top priority as a devoted husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather and uncle.
George proudly served their country as a PFC in the Army and was stationed in Japan in support of the Korean conflict. They were known for their warm smile, friendly blue eyes, and contagious sense of humor. As a friend to many, they were a man of high integrity, possessing honesty, loyalty, and kindness. They were an avid reader and started each day with crossword puzzles. As an outstanding athlete, they were nicknamed “Crusher.” To their sons' friends they were referred to as “Iron George.”
Services will be held privately and at the convenience of the family.
Free fishing weekend, no license required, will be observed in Kentucky on Saturday, June 2, and Sunday, June 3, and on Saturday, June 9, in Tennessee.
CLEMSON, S.C. -- Clemson's starting backcourt of Marquise Reed and Shelton Mitchell is returning for one more season.
Reed, the Tigers leading scoring last season, and Mitchell both announced they have withdrawn from the NBA draft and will play one more year with the Tigers.
Reed averaged 15.8 points while Mitchell had a career-best 12.2 points a game this past season in helping Clemson (25-10) reach the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. It was the Tigers first NCAA trips since 2011.
Mitchell, Clemson's point guard, and Reed both entered the draft last month. Neither hired an agent, which made them eligible to return. It also means the core of this year's NCAA team is back with the guards joining forward Elijah Thomas next season.
Clemson coach Brad Brownell said having Reed and Mitchell back gives the Tigers one of the better backcourts in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
RICHMOND, Va. — Rhode Island coach Dan Hurley has come to VCU in the past with a young team and seen it get drummed.
They were happy to return the favour when they returned with the senior-laden and 22nd-ranked Rams on Friday night.
E.C. Matthews scored 18 points, Jared Terrell had 16 and URI beat VCU 81-68 for its 14th consecutive victory.
"I thought we were really, really sharp, particular our passing," Hurley said. "We're just a veteran team that took advantage of our experience. We out-seniored them, out-experienced them."
Cyril Langevine added 12 points and a career-high 18 rebounds for the visiting Rams (19-3, 11-0 Atlantic 10) in a matchup of teams with the same nickname. The winning streak is the program's longest since the 1939-40 Rams won 15 straight.
Rhode Island also stretched its road winning streak in conference games to 11, the longest such streak in program history.
"It's a lot of things," said Matthews, one of four seniors in the starting lineup. "Being resilient. The non-conference games we had earlier in the season is why we play the way we do now. Having older guys, we kind of set the tone."
Justin Tillman scored 22 points to lead VCU (14-9, 6-4), which dropped out of a three-way tie for second place in the conference. Sean Mobley added 15, all in the first half. The home Rams trailed just 41-38 at halftime, but couldn't overcome being beaten 47-31 on the boards and outscored 26-6 on second-chance points as URI gradually took control after halftime.
"We felt they were going to try to come out and bully us and control the game and come out hard from the start, so we tried to come out with energy," Tillman said. "I thought we did that in the first half. ... We kept letting them get second-chance rebounds and they were scoring off those."
Rhode Island scored 13 of the first 20 points after halftime to open a 54-45 lead, its biggest of the game at that point. Consecutive baskets by VCU closed the gap to 54-49, but Rhode Island scored 10 of the next 15 points and VCU never got closer than six again.
Roundup Another week draws to a close so it's time to review the security news you may have missed in between the big hitters: the NSA contractor who leaked more exploits, Apple's encryption password blunder, and so on. This week we've seen bugs, hacking, and government silliness – take a look...
Computerinsel PhotoLine full of bugs
Researchers at Cisco's Talos security team have found a series of vulnerabilities in German image manipulation software Photoline.
Hackers could get remote code execution by sending in a specially crafted .gif and do the same with TARGA graphics files. The flaws appear to be in PhotoLine version 20.02 but may also affect earlier versions.
Juniper corrects world's least secure comma
Networking hardware vendor Juniper has removed a comma from this 2015 security advisory regarding a "denial of service due to maliciously crafted uBFD packet" problem.
As the update dated 2017-09-28 records, the gin palace has "removed a comma from paragraph for clarity". The paragraph now reads "received directly via VPN, MPLS". It previously read "received directly, via VPN, MPLS".
SSH 7.6 drops support for SSHv1, splats bugs
Sysadmins and developers alike, pay heed: the folk who tend SSH have pushed out a new version with a bunch of security patches and bug fixes.
Calling the release "primarily a bugfix", the maintainers also note that OpenSSH 7.6 "contains substantial internal refactoring".
Those deploying or writing to 7.6 are given notice of five details that might break existing implementations: SSHv1 support is gone, as is support for the hmac-ripemd160 message authentication code (MAC).
The deprecated arcfour, blowfish and CAST ciphers have been consigned to memory, RSA keys less than 1,024 bits long will be refused, and CBC (cipher block chaining) will no longer be offered by default.
The other security change plucked out by the developers relates to the SFTP server: "In read-only mode, sftp-server was incorrectly permitting creation of zero-length files," which is now fixed.
Other bug fixes and new features are listed in the release notes linked above.
SEC security team begged for funds before hack
Everyone knows the IT department always get blamed for hacking incidents – in some cases rightly. But leaked memos from the SEC show system administrators knew there were security issues at the agency but lacked the funds to do anything about it.
The head of the US financial watchdog's Digital Forensics and Investigations Unit officially complained that their department's budget of $100,000 was half a million dollars short of what was needed. However, their request was blocked and two months later the SEC was forced to admit that it had been comprehensively pwned.
Germany drops NSA spying investigation
The German authorities have dropped a two-year investigation into allegations that the UK and US intelligence agencies were spying on the German chancellor Angela Merkel.
The claims cause a massive row between the US and its allies after it was claimed that the personal phones of politicians were under surveillance. It's a touchy topic in a country whose Eastern side suffered decades of massive surveillance by the state.
"The prosecutors' investigations and the investigation by the NSA parliamentary committee have found no tangible evidence that US or British intelligence agencies undertook systematic and mass surveillance of German telecommunications and internet (usage) that is against the law," officials said.
FBI's secret iPhone hack won't be revealed
The hacking technique purchased by the FBI to unlock a murderer's iPhone won't be revealed, a US court has ruled [PDF].
After the San Bernardino shooting the FBI bought in a third-party supplier to break into the iPhone of one of the shooters. They reportedly paid $1m for the technology but this was never confirmed and Associated Press and other news organisations sued to find out how it was done. They lost and now we're unlikely to ever know.
US chief of staff's phones hacked
US government officials report that the personal phone of White House chief of staff John Kelly had been hacked.
Kelly asked White House IT staff to look at their smartphone after they complained that it wasn't updating and kept crashing. They found it had been compromised, possibly as early as last December.
A White House spokesperson said that Kelly had not used their personal phone for official business and had relied on government-secured hardware and software. So that's all right then.
More on Broadcom SoC hacking
For those following Google Project Zero's epic efforts compromising Broadcom Wi-Fi chipsets, Gal Beniamini has provided a lot more gory detail into how to hack systems-on-chip. ®
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
It's beginning to feel as though June will never make it out of the Waterfords' house for longer than a few days at a time; wherever they go, they just keeps ending up back at that house. And while this doesn't yet feel repetitive, mostly thanks to June and Serena's intriguingly shifting relationship, it is starting to feel like the June, Serena, and Fred are locked in a cycle the show doesn't know how to get them out of. The Waterfords' violent rape of June two episodes ago felt like a point of no return, an event that would permanently shatter whatever uneasy bond had existed between June and Serena. But judging by this week's episode, "Postpartum," nothing much has really changed, except that Holly's birth gives June a concrete reason for wanting to go back to the Waterford household.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Here are five things to note from "Postpartum."
1) Emily has a new commander, and they are A Little Off.
Aunt Lydia takes pains to remind Emily how lucky they are that the brilliant, important Commander Lawrence has agreed to take them when four other couples had already refused (maybe they also subscribe to my theory that Emily is magical and low-key killed their last commander with their vagina?) “I'm wondering why such a brilliant, important man would take such a shitty Handmaid,” Emily snaps, and honestly, same!
I found it initially hard to put my finger on what is so unsettling about the Lawrence house: it's dark, sure, and filled with a lot of aggressive art and moderately creepy sculptures. Mrs. Lawrence is mysteriously “feeling ill” and is out of sight when Emily arrives, while the Martha openly swears and seems constantly on edge. And Lawrence themselves is impossible to read: they seem amusingly ill at ease with Gilead greetings, muttering “Super!” after Emily gives them the standard “May God find me worthy” spiel. Are they a kindly outlier as far as commanders go?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Hulu
Probably not, as it turns out. It's not long before Lawrence is reminiscing about “the good ol' days” when the penalty for reading was having an entire hand cut off instead of just a finger. And their fragile wife lets slip to Emily that Lawrence is not just “the architect of Gilead's economy” but the architect of the Colonies, which puts Emily in a very unique position as their Handmaid—most people do not come back from the Colonies, as we know. Lawrence also knows a lot about Emily, and seems to take far too much pleasure in asking them a series of increasingly intrusive questions, culminating with the crushing revelation that they know about their forced surgery. “Have you healed properly?” they ask, complete with a Hannibal Lecter-style mouth sound. NOPE. On the heels of their chilling performance in Get Out, Bradley Whitford is doing a pretty great job of ruining our collective fond memories of Josh Lyman.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
2) Gilead is its own worst enemy.
For a society whose sole purpose is theoretically to create babies at all costs, these people a very, very bad at infant care! Even after the miraculous recovery of Janine's baby, which should have proved once and for all that separating a newborn from its mother is bad, nobody in power wants to admit it, and so June is stuck pumping via machine in the hospital while Serena dotes on Holly back at home, determined not to let June anywhere near “her baby Nicole.” Even Aunt Lydia is clearly frustrated with the arrangement, and when June's milk begins to dry up, she's instrumental in persuading Fred to bring June back to the household so that they can at least pump in proximity to Holly, if not nurse them directly.
Hulu
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The sight of June's rapist holding their baby is completely nauseating, and it's a tribute to both June and Nick's highly-developed poker faces that neither of them visibly shudders. Fred's reasons for wanting June back at home are, of course, nothing to do with the baby's wellbeing, and they waste no time in reminding them that they made the reunion with Hannah happen. When they thank him, they literally respond “Is that all the thanks I get?” because they have given up on any subtlety they ever had. Once again, June commendably keeps them cool, and tells them maybe they can play Scrabble again sometime. Which is all fine and good and delivered with a nice edge of snark by Elisabeth Moss, but I'm not sure how many more scenes I can stomach of June being forced to play nice with this monster?
3) Eden pays for their piety with their life.
I have to say, I didn't see Eden and Isaac's tragic love story coming, if only because Isaac seems like bland garbage from the very little we've seen of him. But given Eden's upbringing, this is probably their first experience of a man being interested in her, and in contrast to Nick's total disinterest, it's easy to see how their relationship would feel like love to them Both Nick and June are indirectly to blame for what happens here, because it's June who unwittingly encourages Eden to run away with Isaac, telling them “in this place, you have to grab love wherever you can find it.” Which is a lovely and important sentiment, but also an incredibly dangerous one if you're not willing to lie.
Lying is what's allowed Nick and June to survive for this long, but Eden's piety makes it impossible for them to do the same, no matter how hard Nick tries to persuade them If they just tells the authorities that Isaac forced them to run away with him—just like June “was kidnapped” rather than escaping earlier this season— she'll be let off, but Eden insists God knows what's in their heart, and she's willing to accept their fate in exchange for telling the truth. A Gilead leader gives Eden and Isaac a chance to renounce their sins and plead for God's mercy, but they remain silent and are publicly drowned in a pool complex. Eden's mother screams next to a stunned Nick, while Serena and June are visibly devastated. Between the baseball stadium in Episode 1 and this swimming pool, Gilead really knows how to turn formerly fun venues into horrifying execution chambers!
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Hulu
4) Should we be worried about June and Nick?
As he's trying desperately to persuade Eden to save herself, Nick is forced to come to terms with how he's treated her, realizing their inability to be kind to them drove them to seek love elsewhere. They were understandably too preoccupied with June and their baby to give Eden much thought, and that remains true even through most of this episode. Now that Holly has been born, both June and Nick allow themselves to fantasize about running away to be a real family, but Eden's brutal fate puts a serious damper on that dream, adding a very real human cost to their ongoing affair. When June tries to comfort Nick after Eden's death, they brush them off, and it's not clear whether that's a momentary impulse or a harbinger of things to come.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
5) Though June and Serena's relationship is still compelling, it makes far less sense in the wake of that rape scene.
I'm so conflicted about this, because June and Serena's evolving dynamic has been my favorite element of Season 2, and any time they share the screen is fascinating. But June's feelings toward both Waterfords appear to be unchanged—she's still subtly manipulating Fred and still seems quietly sympathetic to Serena, but the latter is a tougher pill for me to swallow after the way Serena held them down during the rape.
Hulu
There are definitely moments in which it's hard not to sympathize with Serena in this episode; their trying in vain to breastfeed Holly is so sad and raw. But she's truly cruel in their efforts to obliterate June's role in the child's life, forbidding them from having any contact at all with the baby, and it's only the trauma of what happens to Eden that makes them reconsider. It's a little frustrating to me that this external event is what prompts June and Serena to come back together—it makes sense on Serena's side, but not June's. Serena clearly felt somewhat maternal towards Eden, and seeing them killed so viciously makes them afraid for their baby, which in turns softens them towards June, who's able to care for the baby in a way that Serena can't. But June coming to Serena—the woman who, once again, held them down as they were raped weeks ago—and asking “Are you all right?” felt strange. June developing a form of Stockholm Syndrome with Serena in particular could make sense, but I'd like to see their motivations explored a little more in next week's season finale.
A major recruitment drive for occupational therapists (OTs) has followed criticism of Lancashire County Council by the Local Government Ombudsman.
Now the full county council will assess work being done to increase staffing and improve performance when it meets on Thursday.
A report to councillors notes compensation of £750 has already been paid to a bereaved wife and an apology issued after they complained to the Local Government and Social Care Ombudsman that the council had failed to meet the assessed equipment needs of their husband.
They were left bedbound in the final month of their life after the council failed to provide a special chair.
The Ombudsman, reporting in September, had “found fault causing injustice” in the case and demanded the full council consider its implications.
The council will be told an urgent review of policies and working arrangements is taking place and the number of occupational therapy posts has doubled to 40 FTE (full time equivalent).
Since I was in my teens, I have been fobbing off sleep. I would study late and be up all night, as in up until 3am at least. Even after I started working, I would not get to bed before 3-4am on a regular basis. I just did not want to sleep in the night, which is quite crazy,” says actor Vidya Balan.
Balan's condition falls in the category of what scientists and doctors term sleep procrastination, or bedtime procrastination. “Every day my parents would tell me, why don't you try to sleep early tonight, but it would irritate me and I would say, why do you keep saying this to me because you know I am not going to sleep early. I can't sleep early. They would suggest all kinds of solutions, but I kept fighting sleep until about five years ago,” they say.
According to a study published in 2014 in the Frontiers In Psychology journal, researchers at Utrecht University found that this is a prevalent and problematic phenomenon. The researchers defined bedtime procrastination as failing to go to bed at the intended time, though no external circumstances prevent a person from doing so.
“Pre-bed procrastination is extremely common today and is a way of mishandling time, that stops us from shutting off when we should,” explains Manvir Bhatia, director, sleep medicine at the Fortis Escorts Heart Institute and Neurology Sleep Centre, Delhi. They say although they see people of all ages and professions scrimping on sleep, they find that college students and professionals early in their careers—those in the age group of 20-35—are typically more prone to bedtime procrastination. Ashima Puri, a psychologist at the Aashlok Fortis Hospital in Delhi, blames 24x7 entertainment, an excessive interest in social media and just too many gadgets for the rise in this problem.
Bedtime procrastination is adding considerably to the public health epidemic of people not getting enough sleep. Those additional hours spent watching movies or checking out the latest news worldwide (or just surfing Instagram), the researchers at Utrecht say, has an impact not only on the quality of shut-eye, but also a person's general health and well-being. Besides fatigue, the researchers found that the participants reported being less able to establish a routine the next day, and also complained of poor concentration and an increased risk of impulsivity.
It is now well-known that doctors recommend at least 7-8 hours of uninterrupted sleep every night, and that both quantity and quality of sleep matter. According to Dr Bhatia, this is not, however, where it ends. “Sleeping late at night consistently can be extremely damaging because from 11pm-3am, we have more of NREM (non-rapid eye movement) sleep, and deep NREM sleep is essential for restoration and healing of our organs. From 3-7am, we are more likely to get REM (rapid eye movement) sleep, characterized by vivid dreams. So those who sleep late habitually miss out on the restorative sleep hours,” they explain. There are other big downsides, like an increased likelihood of being overweight, negative impacts on mood, derailment of immunity, hormonal imbalance, and sugar trouble. “Chronic lack of sleep may even contribute to the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus by messing up the glucose metabolism and hormone levels,” says Dr Bhatia.
How to start sleeping well
Ten years ago, says Balan, a doctor explained to them what happens to the body when one does not sleep properly at night. “He told me about an experiment with pigeons who were kept in a controlled environment. In the day, lights would be switched off and the pigeons would fall asleep and then at night, the room would be flooded with bright light. The pigeons would be awake. Their hormonal cycle became disturbed and the way they laid eggs went for a complete toss. The doctor pointed out how much damage could happen to the human body if this was the scale of damage to pigeons,” they say. “I realized what I had been doing to myself. I decided I am going to start sleeping early, but it is still an effort,” they add.
Vidya Balan. Photo: Waseem Gashroo/Hindustan Times
There is also a connection between perfectionism, workaholic tendencies and sleep procrastination. The increasing pressure to work after hours, to respond to texts and emails in real time, to have virtual meetings with people in different time zones, causes stress which can lead to sleep procrastination. “Then there are people who see sleep as a luxury, either due to their personality type (competitive, type A) or due to external pressures from a competitive society. The solution lies in setting boundaries—both internally and externally, and making sleep a priority,” adds Puri. If you are a habitual procrastinator, then a little bit of soul-searching might be in order. Do you worry that you might miss out on something? Do your days seem super stressful? “Be honest about the answers and address the issues that surface,” advises Puri.
“Look out for overstimulation,” warns Dr Bhatia. Revving your mind up with video games, movies, or other stimulating activities, particularly with screens, can disrupt the natural sleep cycle, reduce the amount of melatonin the body is producing, and severely increase your insomnia. So you end up in that frustrating place of lying in bed but not being able to sleep, which becomes a vicious cycle soon enough. “The solution here is simple: Limit screen time. Also, unplugging from your phone in the hours leading up to bedtime can work,” advises Dr Bhatia.
Balan explains how they trained themselves to sleep early. “I get into bed by 9.30-10pm and I don't use the phone after that. I don't watch TV and I don't read, and, out of sheer boredom, I fall asleep. And I can't tell you how beneficial it's been for me,” they say.
Ultimately, self-monitoring is key to beating the habit of bedtime procrastination. “I think people give a lot of importance to diet and exercise and the amount of water one consumes for being healthy, but people discount how important sleep is. I can only tell you from personal experience that sleep is invaluable. It's precious, it's priceless. Actually, put all variables on one side and sleep on the other. If your sleep pattern is not in place, you won't be as healthy or energetic as you can be if you slept on time,” says Balan.
In my previous article, on Tyler Houck's new book, Buckeye Beasts (on 19th and early-to-mid 20th century accounts of Wild Men-type creatures), I noted just how useful old newspapers can be when it comes to the investigation of aging events and obscure incidents. Another perfect example of this came my way on the very same day that Tyler's book arrived in the mail. In this case we're talking about the baffling discovery of an extremely out of place animal; a case that was never solved.
The article appears in the pages of the Corpus Christi Caller and is dated January 14, 1955. Its title: “Animals, Texans Match Wits; No Decision Yet.” The majority of the story is devoted to the discovery of something which turned out to be no insignificant, little creature. Had it been the likes of something small and not particularly notable, I would likely never have even bothered to write this article. But, we're talking about nothing less than a large tapir found in East Texas. It's a large creature that is most definitely not an indigenous resident of the Lone State. Indeed, they are found in Central America, South America, and Southeastern Asia. In other words, nowhere near Texas!
As for what, exactly tapirs are, there are the following words from the staff of the California-based San Diego Zoo: “The four tapir species are most closely related to horses and rhinos, since they have an odd number of toes (four toes on each front foot, three on each back foot). Their eyes and ears are small, and the body is teardrop shaped: tapered in the front and wider at the rear, designed to walk through thick vegetation. Male tapirs are slightly smaller than females. The tapir's nose and upper lip combine into a flexible snout like an elephant's trunk. It can be used as a snorkel when the animal is underwater and as an effective tool to detect odors wafting through the dense forest.”
Precisely what such a large animal would have been doing roaming around Gregg County, Texas (which, incidentally, was also the site of a strange werewolf-like creature seen late one night in the summer of 1958…), is an issue that remains unresolved. Where it came from, too, is a mystery. The body of the unfortunate tapir was found in the local piney woods by a man named Jess Todd and their buddies.
The newspaper staff reported that: “[Todd] and their companions took a look at the strange creature, then left. Todd returned the next day, but the body was gone. They think somebody took it home to be mounted. The tapir is also described as ‘nocturnal, shy and gentle.' Maybe they were playing possum.” It was believed that the tapir had died of natural causes. The puzzle of the Texan tapir was never figured out.
Although this saga shouldn't specifically fall into the category of what is defined as Cryptozoology (the search for unknown animals), it's certainly a case well worth pondering on. And out of place animals – rightly or wrongly and like it or not – have definitely become a part of Cryptozoology. In the U.K., there are wild wallabies running (or bouncing) around. There are large cats the size of mountain-lions, too, in the U.K. Australia also has its very own Alien Big Cats. A friend of mine once saw a kangaroo in Ohio. Not in a zoo, but racing across a road outside of Dayton, and around 3:00 a.m. on a weekday morning in October 1998.
Of course, the bigger the animals are, the harder it is to figure out how they were able to suddenly appear in lands far removed from their original territories. The matter of the U.K.'s wallabies is an easy one to solve (see this link); the Alien Big Cats being much harder to explain. The Texas tapir? It's yet another mystery. Was there just one? Might there have been an entire group of them? Against all the odds, could they still be lurking and living in those piney woods? Maybe a road-trip to Gregg County is in order some time soon…
SASKATOON — Curtis Knight tied the game in the third quarter before winning it in the fourth as the Saskatchewan Rush beat the Vancouver Stealth 11-9 on Saturday night in National Lacrosse League play.
Robert Church, Ryan Keenan, Mark Matthews and Ben McIntosh all struck twice for the Rush (7-1). Mike Messenger also chipped in and Tyler Carlson stopped 39 shots.
Logan Schuss led Vancouver (1-7) with four goals and Joel McCready added a pair. Rhys Duch, Brandon Goodwin and Tony Malcom had the others.
Eric Penney kicked out 39-of-50 shots in defeat.
Despite the best picture, comedy or musical nomination for “Lady Bird” and widespread acclaim for its first-time director, Greta Gerwig, the Hollywood Foreign Press Assn. stuck with an all-male group for the 2018 best director nominations.
In a year in which Patty Jenkins' “Wonder Woman” and Dee Rees' “Mudbound” also received universal praise — and in the case of “Wonder Woman,” massive box office as well, the slight was seen as significant.
Gerwig, who has acted in numerous films, had never directed a feature before “Lady Bird.” The push to hire and recognize female directors has intensified in the wake of the Academy's efforts to improve diversity and the massive sexual harassment scandals that are gripping Hollywood.
Instead, the HFPA nominated Guillermo del Toro, whose “The Shape of Water” had the most noms overall, Martin McDonagh, Christopher Nolan, Ridley Scott and Steven Spielberg. Spielberg previously won Globes for directing “Saving Private Ryan” and “Schindler's List.”
“Lady Bird” stars Saoirse Ronan and Laurie Metcalf were nominated for Golden Globes for best actor, comedy and supporting actor, respectively. Among other honors, “Lady Bird” won the best film from the New York Film Critics Circle.
Ronan stars as the title character in “Lady Bird,” a high school senior who deals with a strict mother, college plans and boys in early-2000s Sacramento, Calif.
However, Angelina Jolie's “First They Killed My Father” did receive the best foreign film nomination. The Cambodia-set film's dialogue is in Khmer, French and English.
In this week's edition of the Variety Movie Commercial Tracker, powered by the TV advertising attention analytics company iSpot.tv, Lucasfilm claims the top spot in spending for the second week in a row with “Solo: A Star Wars Story.”
Ads placed for the Star Wars franchise prequel had an estimated media value of $5.79 million through Sunday for 1,307 national ad airings on 37 networks. (Spend figures are based on estimates generated from May 21-27. Estimates may be updated after the chart is posted as new information becomes available.) Lucasfilm prioritized spend across networks including ABC, ESPN and NBC, and during programming such as NBA Basketball, The Voice and American Idol.
Just behind “Solo: A Star Wars Story” in second place: Warner Bros.' “Ocean's 8,” which saw 503 national ad airings across 48 networks, with an estimated media value of $3.23 million.
TV ad placements for Disney Pixar's “Incredibles 2” (EMV: $2.93 million), Warner Bros.' “Tag” ($2.75 million) and Columbia Pictures' “Superfly” ($2 million) round out the chart.
Notably, “Superfly” has the best iSpot Attention Index (121) in the ranking, getting 21% fewer interruptions than the average movie ad (interruptions include changing the channel, pulling up the guide, fast-forwarding or turning off the TV).
Related Alden Ehrenreich's Han Solo Had A Cape, And It Could Have Killed Him 'Incredibles 2' to Make June Theatrical Debut in China
DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwaiti authorities have arrested 12 people convicted in absentia of spying for Iran and Lebanese Shi'ite Muslim group Hezbollah, the Interior Ministry said on Saturday.
Kuwait had charged 25 of its nationals – all of them Shi'ites – and an Iranian citizen after the discovery of guns and explosives in a raid on the so-called "Abdali cell" in 2015, which escalated sectarian tensions.
Kuwaiti prosecutors alleged that the men intended to carry out "hostile acts" against Kuwait.
One person was sentenced to death, the rest to prison terms. In June, Kuwait's highest court overturned the death sentence and reduced some of the prison terms while increasing others.
At least 14 were sentenced in absentia, including the Iranian national.
Iran has denied any involvement in the case.
"The interior ministry announces that security services have arrested in different regions 12 people sentenced in the so-called Abdali cell," a statement from the ministry and carried by the state news agency KUNA said.
Authorities are still searching for two others convicted in the same case and still on the run, the statement added.
Kuwait, which has a large Shi'ite Muslim minority, sits in a difficult geographical position, close to two major regional powers and arch foes - mainly Shi'ite Iran and Sunni-ruled Saudi Arabia.
LeBron James has rested three times already this season and, as Tom Haberstroh points out, doing so makes a lot of sense. (1:04)
IT IS MID-FEBRUARY and LeBron James, a man who has labored through six straight trips to the NBA Finals, is leading the league in minutes per game.
A breather is clearly in order -- and was on order on Feb. 8, when coach Tyronn Lue had announced that James, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love were "probably" going to take the night off on the second game of a back-to-back at Oklahoma City. But then, after a four-hour overnight flight from Indiana ahead of the nationally televised game, the Cleveland Cavaliers had a sudden change of plans. Minutes before tipoff, Lue announced the trio would give it a go.
The coach offered a rationale that was less than scientific: "All three guys say they feel pretty good, and we got a good thing going, so why not keep it going."
It turned out the Cavs couldn't get anything going. James shot 8-for-19 in the nine-point loss to the Thunder and missed two dunks, something so uncharacteristic, LeBron hadn't done it for almost eight years. Instead of getting the night off, James registered a whopping 41 minutes, a total that even Russell Westbrook had reached just three times this entire season; James had done it six times in the previous month alone. Love hardly fared any better, going 5-12 from the field with no three-pointers while playing in their third game in four nights and coming off a back injury -- a workload that would seemingly come to haunt them less than a week later.
Indeed, "DNP-Rest" is basically a new thing, and there's no getting around the fact that a lot of people find it offensive. Who wouldn't love to get out of work to ... rest? If Michael Jordan, Larry Bird or Magic Johnson ever did it, they at least had the decency to call it something that sounded like an injury.
But make no mistake: for James (and the Cavs), rest should be the top priority.
IN FORMULA ONE, no one gets mad; of course the car needs to pit stops for fuel and tires. NFL fans know that one game a week is sufficient; what kind of injury fests would we get if you asked them to play four times a week?
Basketball is also played by humans with limits. But in this sport, the news that those humans need days off, like everyone, chafes against the tradition of an 82-game season -- even though that schedule eventually devours, through injury, virtually every single star the game has ever known.
We're learning that those stars play far better and get injured far less if they rest more. As a Utah School of Medicine study found, back-to-back road games -- the circumstance that James has been in twice this season -- yields 3.5 times more in-game injuries than those played at home. Once you know that, you have a new set of choices. James wants to be in top shape four months from now in the NBA Finals; lingering near the top of minutes categories in February is no favor to the Cavs' title chances.
Consider a recent Cavs' road trip: Thursday, about 500 miles of flying to Brooklyn; Friday, play the Nets; Saturday, fly 2,500 miles to Phoenix; Sunday, play the Suns; Monday, 650 miles to Salt Lake City; Tuesday, play the Jazz and -- feeling the fatigue -- lose.
After 37 minutes of action in the oxygen-depleted Salt Lake City air, icing their body to control inflammation and with hands-on treatment from the team's pit crew, LeBron James boarded the team flight only to learn the flight might not take off at all. There was a winter weather-based state of emergency in Oregon, and the Portland airport had been shut down earlier in the night. One option? Landing the plane in Seattle and making the three-hour drive south. And NBA rules prohibited going back to the hotel and trying again to fly tomorrow.
The clock read 3:30 a.m. ET when LeBron James finally felt the plane's thrust for takeoff.
LAST SEASON, JAMES' longtime trainer and Cavs staffer Mike Mancias supplied Cavs players with a biometric tracking device called a WHOOP, and many began wearing them. How much sleep were they actually getting? How quickly did they fall asleep? How did LeBron's heart rate change when they were flying all over the country and losing sleep? What about time zones? The idea is that devices like the WHOOP will, in time, come to function like the sensors that tell Formula One racers when it's time for a pit stop.
In their 14th season, LeBron James is leading the league in minutes played. Kelley L Cox/USA TODAY Sports
"These athletes are a lot more cognizant now of, 'This is what I need to do to perform at a high level,'" Mancias says. In other words, as the Cavs sat on the Salt Lake City tarmac, they only had to glance at their phone screens to understand the impact of their sleepless night.
The big lesson of the Cavs wearing the devices: Every hour of sleep proved crucial for their body's ability to recover and allow heart-rate levels to regulate the next day. That's not rocket science, but it's another variable to measure and know in real time.
Mancias said one Cavs player they won't name has learned to limit themselves to one glass of wine at the team dinner -- because now their WHOOP shows them that every additional pour of vino destroys their sleep.
"It's two-fold," Mancias said. "One is, alcohol can wreck the system. And two, if I'm having just one glass, I'm going to sleep at an earlier time. They said, 'OK, I can do this.'"
It's worth remembering that these are professional competitors. Naturally, the numbers on the device began to shape their behavior, and it became a competition.
"You'll have somebody competing against themselves," Mancias said. "As soon as dinner's over, some players say, 'Boom, I gotta go. You guys can hang out and talk shop all you want, but we're not solving the world's problems in one night. I'm going to bed.'"
WE ALL ACCEPT that when a car is out of gas, it can't race. Period. But with humans, the limits are fuzzier. Imagine if, when your Formula One car ran out of gas, you had the option to keep racing, but in doing so, instead of burning gas, you'd burn ... some other, unknowable, potentially crucial part of the car. Goodbye, spark plug. Say goodnight, gaskets. Lap after lap, things just start breaking down, sometimes in ways you only learn about years later.
NBA players almost all get hurt, eventually. NBA players who play the heaviest minutes get hurt even more, and not just in ways that are immediately obvious.
Mancias said a lot of players are worried about heart health, knowing that a tremendous number of retired players have had fatal heart issues. Fourteen-year vet Sean Rooks, 46, died of a heart attack during the NBA Finals last season. Longtime NBA forward Anthony Mason died of a massive heart attack on Feb. 28, 2015, at the age of 48. In the 2015 calendar year, NBA veterans Moses Malone, Darryl Dawkins and Jack Haley all died at age 60 or younger due to heart-related ailments.
"That's No. 1 right there," Mancias said. "We have to worry about these guys' health over the long term. ... Right now, we're seeing some stuff with retired players and sudden cardiac arrest. We want to see, what is the heart doing? What are the strains?"
The NBA, as part of an agreement with the National Basketball Players Association in the new collective bargaining agreement, does not allow players to wear tracking devices in games, but, per the ratified document, the two parties "will continue to discuss in good faith the use of wearables in games." James and the union's executive committee have agreed to work with the NBA to staff a wearables committee to work out key factors, such as who would have access to the sensitive health information that such devices would collect.
Players and coaches know that for one player, 30 minutes of playing time takes a bigger toll than for another player: "[Minutes] is one thing, but how hard are you playing? What are their heart rate numbers throughout that?" Mancias said. "And it could be different for a point guard to a center. With those numbers, we'd know what to do the next day, as far as recovery-wise and as far as workouts, treatment and therapy."
"[Minutes] is one thing, but how hard are you playing?" Cavs trainer and staff Mike Mancias rhetorically asked. David Liam Kyle/NBAE/Getty Images
In the meantime, the key decision every top player faces every game is: What will the cost be -- in June, in retirement -- of playing in this depleted state? Losses, for one thing. Before the season started, Stanford researcher Cheri Mah worked with ESPN to identify "Schedule Alert" games that teams were likely to lose because of travel fatigue. (So far, the tired teams have lost 11 of 13 games, while going 4-9 against the spread.)
Data showing the value of rest to peak performance, injury prevention and long-term health is now undeniable. And players, in turn, are taking games off at historic levels. The frequency of DNP-Rests was at an all-time high last season, and it is on pace to almost double again this season. James themselves has taken three games off to rest before this week -- each coming on the second night of a back-to-back on the road, where injury risk is shown to be higher. Big men such as DeMarcus Cousins, Blake Griffin and Marc Gasol are sitting out games, as are older champions, including Tony Parker, Dwyane Wade and Andrew Bogut. And increasingly -- and in keeping with the science -- so are young players. When 23-year-old Anthony Davis and 20-year-old D'Angelo Russell are taking DNP-Rests, the league has clearly gotten the memo.
But has LeBron?
THE CAVS WERE able to land in Portland, despite close to a foot of snow on the ground. Their heads hit pillows at about 4 a.m. local time (7 a.m. ET back in Cleveland). Given what we know about the impact of short sleep and long travel on the human body, this would have been a natural game for James to sit out.
Complicating matters, though, was the fact that this was a nationally televised game on ESPN and that the game was taking place in Nike's backyard in Portland. If that weren't enough, Portland fans, who had waited seven months to see James in person, wouldn't get another opportunity to see the Cavs. This wasn't just any normal game. This was business.
After a 4 a.m. arrival in Portland for the second game of a back-to-back, the Cavs were blown out 102-86. Steve Dykes/AP Photo
James played -- and delivered one of their worst games of the season, tallying as many turnovers as made field goals (five). The Cavs would ultimately lose by 16 in what Lue called "a scheduled loss" on the calendar.
Toughing it out on the back-to-back might have had other costs, as well. Love, who missed two games in late December with left knee soreness, left the game in the first quarter with an apparent left leg injury and returned only to shoot 5-of-15 on the day.
There was no time to sulk. The champs had another flight to catch to Sacramento, California, where James played again, this time in a win, before heading off to the San Francisco Bay Area to sleepwalk through a famously bad loss to the Warriors. The Warriors pounced to a 7-0 lead and never let up, beating the Cavs by a resounding 35 points, while Love limped off the floor in the second quarter with a back injury.
Total DNP-Rests (*through Feb. 13) Year DNP-Rests 2016-17 69* 2015-16 40 2014-15 37 2013-14 15 2012-13 8 Data: ProSportsTransactions.com
The game was on national television. Although there were rumors some key Cavs might sit, they ended up playing in the name of having the team at "full strength," and though the best players were on the court, exhaustion made a mockery of that idea. James shot a season-low 33 percent from the floor and registered six turnovers. Love would go on miss three games in the next three weeks due to back problems.
Fast forward to mid-February, when Love's body finally waved the white flag. After playing three games in four nights in three different cities, Love will miss six weeks to undergo a scope in their left knee -- the same leg that forced them to the locker room a month ago in the Portland back-to-back.
The road won't get easier for James, and they might feel more pressure to gut it out than they have all season. The Cavs are two games above .500 since Jan. 3, sporting a record that would be put them fourth in the West. And they're no lock to win the East. Over the past month, LeBron has averaged 39.1 minutes per game. Do that for 82 games and you're playing 3,200 minutes in a league in which it has been more than a decade since anyone has won a title after playing more than 3,000 minutes.
To be clear, it's hard to find someone who has personally invested more hours and dollars in their own well-being than James, who purchased and installed a cryotherapy chamber in their own home in 2015.
Winning a title takes hard work. But a lot of that work comes in April, May and June. James might be the King, but it doesn't make sense to be redlining months before the June finish line.
Just ask last season's Warriors.
They kept it interesting for 12 games, which is more than anybody could've expected of the New York Jets, but now it's time to shift into 2018 mode.
Get ready, Bryce Petty.
You, too, Christian Hackenberg.
If Josh McCown's fractured left hand is a season-ending injury, as some in the organization fear, the Jets should use the opportunity (if you could call it that) to evaluate both young quarterbacks.
Yes, I said both Petty and Hackenberg. Why not? At 5-8, the Jets are on the verge of elimination, their schedule is brutal, and their leader could be finished. It's bleak, folks. They might as well take a peek at the kids.
Jets quarterback Bryce Petty was 2-of-9 for 14 yards in relief of the injured Josh McCown in Sunday's loss to the Broncos. Dustin Bradford/Getty Images
Coach Todd Bowles said Petty will be the starter if additional tests on McCown's hand confirm that it is too risky for them to play -- and that's the right call. Petty is the No. 2 quarterback and is entitled to be the Next Man Up, but that doesn't mean the Jets can't use Hackenberg off the bench if an opportunity presents itself.
They have three games to play. They should be able to find a way to use both quarterbacks. Will it happen? Probably not. The coaching staff is deathly afraid of playing Hackenberg, who is 29 games into their NFL career and has yet to play a snap in the regular season. Frankly, Bowles didn't sound all that fired up about the prospect of having to start Petty, who was rusty and ineffective on Sunday after replacing the injured McCown in the third quarter of the embarrassing 23-0 loss to the Denver Broncos.
Asked if they believe Petty made legitimate improvement in the preseason, when they were Mr. August with the third string, Bowles said, "If they have to play, we'll find out and go from there."
This probably will be Petty's final chance to show the Jets that they belong in their future. Chances are, they've already made that determination (his stock is down), and it'll be tough to change minds. Have you seen the remaining schedule? The Jets face the New Orleans Saints (9-4) on the road, the Los Angeles Chargers (7-6) at home and the New England Patriots (10-2) on the road. This could get ugly.
What you need to know in the NFL
• Statistics
• Scoreboard
• 2017 schedule, results
• Standings
"I'm ready to go," Petty said after their 2-for-9, 14-yard performance. "We've prepared. We've worked. That's the tough part about being a backup: limited reps. So we'll get some reps and hopefully fix the things on film that I need to fix."
Those who had been clamoring for Petty and/or Hackenberg will find out quickly why Bowles had no thoughts of replacing McCown, the brain and heart of the offense. Except for Sunday, in their worst game of the season, McCown has elevated those around them with their sheer competitiveness.
"We have to pick up the slack in the [quarterback] room," Petty said.
Unless McCown receives unexpectedly good news from the doctors, the Jets will be in a bad spot for the final three weeks. Things couldn't get any worse from playing their two understudies.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mirza International Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT 209.1 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT 172.9 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 2.54 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 2.28 BILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Jamesha Brooks is one of two 25-year-old Kansas woman were killed in Oklahoma while heading to a family reunion in Dallas. Screen capture Quentin Brooks, Facebook
For a lot of people, buying smartphones through carriers is still preferable over going the unlocked route. In addition to typically better financing options, most carriers always have some deal going on to help offset the cost of new devices. Unfortunately, as great as these two things are, carrier-branded phones are also plagued by pre-installed apps that nobody wants or asked for.
In a recent post on its official blog, T-Mobile's parent company, Deutsche Telekom, announced that it's now giving its subscribers the option to choose which apps they want and don't want on their phone from day one.
Deutsche Telekom says that its customers "will no longer receive preinstalled apps and presets on your Android smartphone," and laid out a five-step process for how this will work. It reads as follows:
You use your Telekom SIM and start the device. After switching on the smartphone for the first time, you will go through the manufacturer's initial setup. Later on, you'll see our recommended telecom applications either during setup or afterwards (depending on the smartphone model). Select the applications you want to install. Immediately after completing the setup process (which may also include a reboot) welcomes you our new telecom welcome moment. There you will be asked, among other things, if you want to receive notifications and automatic updates to installed apps. The selected applications of Telekom and our partners can now be found on your home screen.
In addition to giving users the freedom of choosing which pre-installed apps they want, Deutsche Telekom also says that future firmware updates will be handled by manufacturers — potentially resulting in much faster turnaround times when new versions of Android are released.
It's unclear at this time if T-Mobile will gain similar features, but I wouldn't be surprised if they get added with the next Un-Carrier movement.
Until then, is this something you'd like to see your wireless provider adopt?
Photo By Petty Officer 1st Class Jacquelyn Childs | SAN ANTONIO (April 12, 2017) Hospital Corpsman 1st Class Renata Williams, a hospital...... read more Photo By Petty Officer 1st Class Jacquelyn Childs | SAN ANTONIO (April 12, 2017) Hospital Corpsman 1st Class Renata Williams, a hospital corpsman 'A' School instructor at Navy Medicine Training Support Center (NMTSC), performs an assesment on a simulated patient during the final exercise of a "Train the Trainer" Tactical Combat Casualty Care (TCCC) Course at Joint Base San Antonio - Fort Sam Houston, Texas. Following two weeks of training, NMTSC stood up their own TCCC certification course in order to support upcoming changes for the Hospital Corpsman 'A' School curriculum which will include the TCCC training. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class Jacquelyn D. Childs/Released) see less | View Image Page
SAN ANTONIO – Hospital Corps “A” School instructors completed two weeks of “Train the Trainer” Tactical Combat Casualty Care (TCCC) training in a final exercise April 12 at the Medical Education and Training Campus (METC) on board Joint Base San Antonio – Fort Sam Houston, Texas.
It was the latest step in significant changes coming to Hospital Corpsman (HM) training announced March 29 by Vice Adm. Forrest Faison, the Navy surgeon general, while speaking before the Senate Appropriations Committee Defense subcommittee about Navy Medicine's most important priority – readiness.
Navy Medicine Training Support Center (NMTSC) hosted several TCCC instructors from Navy Expeditionary Medical Training Institute (NEMTI) Camp Pendleton, Calif. The NEMTI team qualified 31 of the instructors as TCCC trainers. An additional 10 were certified to as “Train the Trainer” instructors, allowing NMTSC to maintain its own internal TCCC certification program.
“TCCC training is being implemented into the new Hospital Corps School curriculum beginning in July, so we're here to do our part to help the school launch their program off the ground,” said Hospital Corpsman 2nd Class Clayton H. Clark, one of the NEMTI instructors.
The instructors who went through the course are all Basic Medical Technician and Corpsman Program (BMTCP) instructors, which is the current HM ‘A' School. As Faison said during their congressional testimony, TCCC will play a role in that change.
Hospital Corpsman 1st Class Matthew Rangel, one of NMTSC's TCCC program managers who earned the train-the-trainer certification, said TCCC is important because of the multiple injury types corpsmen must be prepared to treat.
"It's multi-factorial in the sense that we're constantly in conflicts, so we're going to need this training in the fleet," said Rangel. "And it's also used as a culminating exercise at the end of Corps School where they're going to have the ability to put all the things they learned through the curriculum into practice."
The TCCC portion will be at the very end of ‘A' School just prior to clinical practice and graduation, allowing students to gain the knowledge they need to succeed in the fleet and in the final exercise of their TCCC skills.
“The new [HM ‘A' School] curriculum will build the student's foundation of medical knowledge so that by the time they hit TCCC, the instructors will build upon that knowledge and challenge them to apply the knowledge and skills in a different environment,” said Chief Hospital Corpsman Carlos Aguon, the other TCCC program manager at NMTSC.
Other benefits include increasing Navy Medicine readiness overall and reducing man-hours spent teaching TCCC at the Medical Treatment Facilities (MTFs) and other gaining commands.
TCCC has long been a training requirement for Hospital Corpsmen in field medicine and, according to NEMTI, it has played a role in the drastic decrease in combat casualties that Faison described to congress. This is the first time the training has been implemented as part of ‘A' School and will serve to better prepare basic corpsmen.
“I think this will benefit them because this will be what they actually may see when they get to the fleet,” said Hospital Corpsman 2nd Class Diane Spearman, a BMTCP instructor who went through the TCCC course. “Yes, right now, we all need to know emergency medicine, but at the same time, you need to know what you need to do when you get to your Marines or your Seabees, and you need to save them when things are hitting the fan and you have to react accordingly.”
The course will last four days with a test and final exercise. During the final exercise, students will be tested on their ability to provide immediate medical assistance to patients in a simulated combat environment and get them to a higher level of care as needed.
The instructors who went through the course over the past two weeks all agreed they learned a lot while having a good time.
“Doing this for about 15 years, it's pretty humbling,” said Aguon. “We all know medicine, and most of us have treated some kind of traumatic patient whether in combat, in a hospital, or with an expeditionary unit. But every time you go through this type of scenario, your skills are always tested because you don't know what kind of patient you're going to come across until you're actually there.”
Spearman added, “I think the whole group did great. We had a lot of fun. It definitely gave us a reminder of back when we were learning this when we were E-3s. It definitely is a great way to remind yourself that you're not perfect. You still need some practice.”
The newly certified TCCC train-the-trainer instructors at NMTSC will continue running BMTCP instructors through the TCCC course in preparation for the implementation of the new ‘A' School scheduled to start in July.
Zubair Qureshi
More than 12 years have passed yet the employees hired for 12 veterinary hospitals established by the federal government back in 2004 have not been regularized. This speaks volumes how the federal government in general and the local government (Metropolitan Corporation) of Islamabad in particular are taking matters related to civic and municipal affairs of the federal capital.
The honeymoon period of the new Mayor's office has expired long ago and now it is time to work in the right direction with full commitment.
According to details, the veterinary hospitals situated in urban and local areas of the federal capital have failed to deliver because of absence of staff in the hospitals. These veterinary hospitals are located in 12 union councils of the federal capital including Union Council of Phulgran, Pind Begwal, Tumair, Chirrah, Kipra, Rawat, Sihala, Kurri, Shah Allah Dita, Golra, Tarlai and Sohan.
Because of apathy and an attitude of ad hocism prevailing in the government departments, the daily wage staff is suffering from uncertainty about their future. They have passed the age limit and have been running from pillar to post to get regularized but unfortunately, no one has cared to pay any attention to their problems. Their cases are pending in Ministry of Interior as well as Ministry of Finance.
Although animals are treated free of cost in these hospitals and the veterinary hospitals also have Artificial Insemination Centres, yet those manning these hospitals are performing their duty on day-to-day basis. These hospitals were established under the PSDP Projects Up-gradation and Expansion of Veterinary Healthcare Centres in ICT, and Improvement of Milk and Meat Production by Strengthening Artificial Insemination Centres in ICT.
Both projects collectively amounted to Rs120 million, started in 2004-05 and ended in June, 2016. During the last 12 years, Livestock & Dairy Development Department, Islamabad, the department which is supervising the projects, procured veterinary medicines worth millions of rupees and provide free services to livestock farming community in Islamabad. The department also established daily mobile livestock free camps to provide veterinary services at farmers door steps located in remote areas of Islamabad.
The actual cost of first project is Rs46.83m and that of second project is Rs46.23m. Due to the severe need of the projects, the government revised these projects several times whereas actual duration of the projects was 5 years.
Around 90 percent of project employees are working on technical posts having degrees and diplomas related to Veterinary Healthcare and they are also outsiders who belong to Punjab, Sindh and other provinces. One of the staff members of these animal healthcare centres when contacted said the persistent delay in regularizing our services and the cold response by the government have put our future at stake and the sooner we are regularized the better not only for us and our families but for the government-run projects as well.
The YouTube Music app has technically been around since 2015, but it was only recently that Google shifted its focus from Play Music and made YouTube Music its own proper streaming service.
YouTube Music is showing a lot of promise with its new direction, and now that it's got a brand-new desktop site and redesigned Android app, it's absolutely worth checking out.
To do so, here's what you'll need to do.
Download YouTube Music
Before you can sign up for YouTube Music, you'll need to first download the app. Doing so is just a few taps away, and the process is as follows:
Open the Google Play Store. Search for YouTube Music and tap on the first result. Tap the green Installation button.
Once the app is done downloading, you can launch it by tapping the green Open button or by finding and tapping on the new YouTube Music icon in your app drawer.
Sign up for YouTube Music
With YouTube Music successfully downloaded, it's time to actually sign up for the service.
Upon opening the app, tap the blue Sign In button. Tap the Google account you want to use with YouTube Music. Tap on your profile icon at the very top right of the app.
With that done, you'll now be on your Account page. From here:
Tap the large Get YouTube Red banner at the bottom of the screen. Tap the blue Try It Free button. Enter your payment details. Once the payment goes through, tap the red Let's Go button.
That's it! You've officially signed up for YouTube Music!
Have any further questions? Drop a line in the comments below.
YouTube Music review: A mixtape full of promise
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (Reuters) - Nashville police were working on Tuesday to determine what motivated a gunman with an AR-15 rifle to kill four people at an all-night Waffle House restaurant, having arrested a suspect with a history of erratic behavior.
Travis Reinking, the suspect in a Waffle House shooting in Nashville, is under arrest by Metro Nashville Police Department in a wooded area in Antioch, Tennessee, U.S., April 23, 2018. Courtesy Metro Nashville Police Department/Handout via REUTERS
Travis Reinking, 29, was taken into custody on Monday after a protracted manhunt, following tips from the public that led authorities to search secluded woods in which they were hiding near their home.
Police say a nearly naked Reinking opened fire at the restaurant at about 3:30 a.m. Sunday, then fled the scene. The gunman, who began shooting outside the restaurant and then moved inside, aborted their attack and fled when a customer, 29-year-old James Shaw Jr., wrestled the rifle from them in what authorities called an act of heroism.
“We don't know why they went into the Waffle House,” Metropolitan Nashville Police spokesperson Don Aaron told reporters on Monday. They said an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle was used in the attack.
Reinking, who had a pistol and ammunition in a backpack when they were arrested, was not talking to police. They were being held at a Nashville jail on bond initially set at $500,000 for each of four murder charges, online jail records showed.
Reinking, who moved to the Tennessee capital last year from their Illinois hometown, is scheduled to make their first court appearance on Wednesday morning.
The killings were the latest in a string of mass shootings around the country in which a gunman used an AR-15 style rifle. One of the deadliest was the massacre of 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, on Feb. 14 by a gunman brandishing an AR-15. A former student at the school is charged with the murders.
In Nashville, authorities said they are still unclear about what motivated the Waffle House attack, which sent a shudder through the city, one of the biggest in the U.S. South.
Tips from people in the neighborhood helped lead police to search through the woods about two miles (3 km) from the restaurant, where Reinking eventually surrendered without resisting.
More than 150 city, state and local law enforcement agents searched for the gunman, who has had a history of bizarre behavior, delusions and multiple encounters with authorities. In July 2017, Reinking was arrested for attempting to get into the White House, according to police records.
After that episode, authorities in Illinois revoked their gun license and confiscated four firearms, including what police said was the rifle used in the Waffle House shooting. The guns were given to their father, who told police they would lock up and keep them away from their son. But the father, from Tazewell County, Illinois, 130 miles southwest of Chicago, eventually returned the weapons to their son, Nashville police said on Sunday.
Marcus Watson, an agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said Reinking's father, Jeffrey, could face federal charges if they knowingly transferred weapons to a person who was prohibited from owning them. The father was not immediately available for comment.
Metro Davidson County Police inspect the truck of Travis Reinking, the suspected shooter, at the scene of a fatal shooting at a Waffle House restaurant near Nashville, Tennessee, U.S. April 22, 2018. REUTERS/Harrison McClary
Staff Reporter
Karachi
A delegation of Federation of Pakistan Chamber of Commerce and Industry (FPCCI) members will participate in the Confederation of Asia-Pacific Chambers of Commerce and Industry (CACCI) Delegation visiting Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia from April 22-27, 2018.
The delegation consisting of the members of National CCIs of member countries of CACCI will be led by the President of CACCI Jemal Inaishvili.
CACCI is a Chamber of 27 countries of Asia and Western Pacific engaged in enhancing economic cooperation, increasing regional business interaction, economic growth, intensifying interaction amongst the business community, holding conferences, seminars and training programs in member countries.
The visit to Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia are intended to give the members of delegation the opportunity to gather first-hand information on the business situation in the host countries; further build up the image of CACCI by making courtesy calls on heads of state, economic ministers, and other high-ranking government officials to seek support for CACCI; and meet the top business people in the host countries, particularly those from industries or sectors that the host countries wish to promote.
The program of the visit of delegation is being made with the support of Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI), Laos National Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LNCCI) and Cambodia Chamber of Commerce (CCI) respectively which are host chambers in respective countries.
James T. Hodgkinson (Photo: Getty Images)
Belleville, Ill. — The Illinois man who shot a top Republican member of congress and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation's capital had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called “Terminate the Republican Party.”
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, was fatally shot by police during the attack. Hours later, Democratic Sen. Bernie Sanders said the gunman had been among the many volunteers on their presidential campaign.
Court records show that Hodgkinson's legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving. Their most serious problems apparently came in 2006, when they were arrested on a battery charge. Records indicate they have not been involved in any legal cases since 2011.
Until recently, they ran a home-inspection business out of their home in Belleville, in the southwestern corner of the state, across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, according to Hodgkinson's Facebook page.
They also wrote frequent letters to their hometown newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen letters between 2010 and 2012, many of which included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and taking other tax reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, they wrote: “I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit.”
On March 4, 2011, they wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
“Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience,” they wrote.
In October 2011, they applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators “are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes.”
They also wrote about conservative talk radio and TV, saying that their favorite show was Rachel Maddow's MSNBC program and writing that they believed MSNBC provided “a better, balanced opinion,” than Fox News.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2soZjWH
In this Nov. 25, 2017, file photo, Vanderbilt head coach Derek Mason celebrates with their team after an NCAA college football game, in Knoxville, Tenn. Minorities make up only 19 percent of Division I head football coaches and less across the Power Five conferences: the ACC, SEC, Big Ten, Big 12 and Pac 12. But the Champion Forum has helped Penn State's James Franklin, Vanderbilt's Derek Mason, Stanford's David Shaw, Arizona's Kevin Sumlin and others get head jobs with the aim of pushing the next generation along, too. (Photo: Wade Payne / AP)
Oxon Hill, Md. – Camera lighting made beads of sweat emerge from Tony Elliott's forehead as they fielded questions ranging from football philosophy to something they could share about their private life.
The Clemson co-offensive coordinator paused, smiled and couldn't hide their joy about riding an all-terrain vehicle through the woods. The walls broke down as Elliott made a human connection with mock interviewer Jon Oliver in the best possible preparation they can get for a head coaching job.
Despite helping the Tigers win a national title, Elliott has never interviewed for a head-coaching job.
“Two phone calls,” Elliott said.
College football as a public entity can't institute a Rooney Rule like the NFL, which compels teams to interview minority candidates for head coaching jobs. So instead of focusing all its efforts on the schools, the NCAA is putting some of its rising coaching candidates through its Champion Forum to better prepare them for the interview process.
It is an effort to increase the diversity in the Power Five conferences and across the country.
“You can't shame people into hiring people,” said Oliver, a former University of Virginia athletics administrator who now works with the Champion Forum. “You can't tell (schools) what they need to be doing. But what we can do is make sure (the candidates) are ready.”
Minorities make up only 19 percent of Division I head football coaches and less across the Power Five conferences: the ACC, SEC, Big Ten, Big 12 and Pac 12. In contrast, 61 percent of Division I players are minorities.
The Champion Forum has helped Penn State's James Franklin, Vanderbilt's Derek Mason, Stanford's David Shaw, Arizona's Kevin Sumlin and others get head jobs with the aim of pushing along the next generation.
Elliott, Michigan assistant head coach Pep Hamilton, LSU defensive coordinator Dave Aranda, Florida State defensive coordinator Harlon Barnett, South Carolina offensive coordinator Bryan McClendon and Navy offensive coordinator Ivin Jasper are all part of the latest class. Picked by their conferences and schools to go through the program, they're all in phase two that includes one-on-one mock interviews, conversations with search firms and information about contracts and what to expect from being a head coach.
“It's just the knowledge of what goes into becoming a head coach, what (athletic directors) look for, what search firms look for,” said Jasper, who has been a candidate for jobs at Georgia Southern, Yale and Rice during their time at Navy. “Having those tools in our toolbox now and know what people look for, now we can address those issues and work on getting better at it.”
Jasper and Elliott had their mock interviews back-to-back with their wives seated a few feet away. Oliver played the role of the interviewer for a job at a fictional Atlantic University in Florida, firing questions at each coach about a head job and asking for their questions.
Afterward, Oliver critiqued them on everything from how fast they were talking to what they shouldn't have said. Oliver has seen coaches go from not being able to finish answers to having a better idea of what to expect the next time the phone rings about an opening.
“Had I not gone through this process, I wouldn't know what I was getting into,” Elliott said. “I wouldn't have been encouraged to go prepare in the areas where I needed to prepare to ultimately be successful. Because at the end of the day, it's not just becoming a head coach. It's being a successful head coach and building a successful program.”
The success of coaches like Franklin helps because Oliver is well-aware that minority coaches who don't succeed are less likely to get a second chance. In their eight years running the Champion Forum, director of NCAA leadership development Curtis Hollomon has seen progress with more minority coaches being in the mix for openings.
“What we've seen is the awareness of these coaches,” Hollomon said. “That's one of the main things that we're trying to do: let them know that these coaches are out there, they're in these positions and they're ready when the opportunities present themselves.”
The program includes two steps of interview training, video clips to show strengths and weaknesses and an in-person follow-up by former Washington Redskins general manager Charley Casserly and other officials. This year, the NCAA invited the coordinators' wives to sit in on the program and welcomed their input.
“It made me realize how much they have grown,” Elliott's wife, Tameka, said. “Just watching them grow and seeing their transition and seeing how they have to interact with more people than they were used to interacting with – not just the player and the family. Now you've got the A.D. and fundraisers, stuff like that.”
Jasper learned from their Rice interview to have questions prepared, and Oliver told Elliott not to broach a topic and expect it to be brought up by the interviewer. Recognizing they're getting plenty of help from the process, coaches also understand they have to do their homework and earn the jobs they're being prepared for.
“It's a great initiative in what they're doing in giving guys an opportunity to just be considered,” Elliott said. “And then from there, we've got to do our part. We've got to go get the job, we've got to be the best person for the job and then when we get the job we've got to be successful.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai La Chapelle Fashion Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT PLANS TO BOOST MANAGEMENT UNIT'S CAPITAL BY 300 MILLION YUAN ($47.76 million) TO 800 MILLION YUAN Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DUO1k6 Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2820 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
(Repeats Friday report)
* New York float would demand more disclosure than London
* NYSE would give Aramco access to larger pool of capital
* Prince has said IPO will value Aramco at minimum $2 trln
By Rania El Gamal, Katie Paul and Alex Lawler
DUBAI/RIYADH/LONDON, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia favours New York for the main foreign listing of state oil giant Aramco, even though some financial and legal advisers have recommended London as a less problematic and risky option, people familiar with the matter told Reuters.
A final decision on where to stage what could be the world's largest initial public offering will be taken by Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman - or MbS as they are known - who oversees the kingdom's economic and energy policies, the sources said.
Their comments point to internal disagreements between what some advisers are recommending and what the crown prince wants.
Prince Mohammad may choose to list Aramco on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) for "political considerations", given the longstanding relationship between Riyadh and Washington, the sources said. However, they added that financial and commercial factors would also play a role in the choice.
Aramco said in a statement that no decision has been taken yet on the listing venue, beyond the Saudi exchange Tadawul. "All options continue to be held under consideration. There is no timetable requirement for an immediate definitive decision," Aramco said in response to a Reuters request for comment.
Selling around five percent of Aramco by next year is a centrepiece of Vision 2030, an ambitious reform plan to diversify the Saudi economy beyond oil which is championed by Prince Mohammad.
Several advisers have recommended London for the main listing outside Saudi Arabia, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters last month, partly due to concerns that a U.S. flotation would require greater disclosure of sensitive information on Aramco.
One senior industry source, however, said New York is likely to be the favoured option for the Saudi government and Prince Mohammad. "That is broadly correct," the source said, adding: "All awaits on the final shareholder decision."
Apart from New York and London, Hong Kong is also a contender, sources say. The flotation is expected to raise tens of billions of dollars which would be invested to help develop other Saudi industries.
The New York and London stock exchanges declined to comment.
Exchanges are vying to win part of the flotation as it will bring a major boost to their trading volumes, and will be likely to help them win listings from other Gulf states which are looking to part-privatise their commodity assets.
But the Aramco plan has created some public misgivings that Riyadh is relinquishing its crown jewels to foreigners cheaply at a time of low oil prices. Some Aramco employees secretly wish the whole idea would be shelved, sources say.
Apart from choosing an exchange, no decision has been made either on exactly which assets will be floated, or what Aramco's internal organisational structure would look like after listing, the sources say.
One of the main issues being discussed internally is the valuation. Prince Mohammed has said the IPO will value Aramco at a minimum of $2 trillion, although some analysts' estimates are between $1 trillion and $1.5 trillion.
Though listing on the New York market would mean access to more liquidity, this would bring greater scrutiny to Aramco's estimates of proven energy reserves and future oil prices, as well as its demand forecasts, all of which play a major role in the company's valuation, another industry source said.
For the valuation, much depends on the outlook for oil prices, which are currently only half what they were three years ago.
"That's why Saudi Arabia needs a higher oil price for the IPO now, to get a better value for Aramco," the source said.
The back-and-forth internal talks between the crown prince, Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih, Aramco management and the many financial and legal advisers on some of these main decisions have raised speculation that the listing, which is expected to be in the second half of 2018, could be pushed further out.
"They are still studying. When all is settled, they will present all options to MbS," said one industry source.
JASTA RISK
Aramco's lawyers caution about litigation risks associated with the U.S. Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA), two sources said.
That law, passed last September, allowed lawsuits to proceed against the Saudi government claiming it had helped to plan the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States and should pay damages to victims. Riyadh denies the allegations.
Finance Minister Mohammed al-Jadaan, a lawyer by training, is most attuned to the legal risk of the four senior government officials advising the crown prince on the listing decision, the source said.
Falih, who is also Aramco's chairperson, Economy and Planning Minister Adel Fakieh and Public Investment Fund Managing Director Yasir al-Rumayyan are the other members of the crown prince's advisory committee, the source said, without elaborating on their views.
The Finance Ministry did not respond to a request for comment on the views of Jadaan.
Saudi industry sources dismissed JASTA as a reason for not listing in New York, noting that Saudi Arabia is believed to have hundreds of billions of dollars of investments in the United States already, including Aramco assets.
They say the difficulty is related more to the disclosure process and complex regulations in New York. These may legally interfere with the sovereignty of the Saudi government, which would remain the major shareholder of Aramco after the flotation.
While the London Stock Exchange has made winning the Aramco listing a priority, the NYSE has not offered any regulatory changes, a source familiar with talks between NYSE and Aramco told Reuters last month.
Britain's Financial Conduct Authority has proposed creating a new "premium" listing category for companies controlled by sovereign states which would exempt them from certain regulatory requirements. The new rules are due to be published towards the end of this year. (Additional reporting by Tom Arnold in Dubai; Dasha Afanasieva in London, John McCrank in New York, Editing by David Stamp)
If you're searching for a sweet spot on Toronto's waterfront to while away a summer's day, you needn't look any further than Sugar Beach. Located at the foot of Lower Jarvis St., this urban beach park is the setting for a whimsical, feel-good side stretch we like to call Bathing Beauty. Use this one to improve your front crawl and channel your inner Esther Williams.
1. Have a seat with your legs outstretched.
2. Lean over to the left and fold both legs to the right, nesting the top of the left foot in the arch of the right foot.
3. Interlace your fingers and aim to slip the left elbow behind your head.
4. As you inhale, sit tall, lifting the crown of the head, and, with your exhalation, arc your upper body to the right.
Pittsfield - Berkshire Bank, promoted Lori Gazzillo to Senior Vice President and Director of the Berkshire Bank Foundation. The Pittsfield resident was previously was the Foundation's vice president.
In their new position, Gazzillo is responsible for the development, planning and implementation of strategies to support the Berkshire Bank Foundation improving the quality of life, cultivating partnerships and fostering community relationships across the bank's six state footprint.
Gazzillo joined Berkshire Bank in 2011 from Legacy Banks where they were the Community Relations Officer since 2006.
Gazzillo serves on the board of Directors of 1Berkshrie, the Brien Center and Associated Grant Makers, they are a member of the newly formed Berkshire Leadership Impact Council, and was recently appointed by the Governor of Massachusetts to the Berkshire Community College Board of Trustees. They have a Bachelor of Arts degree from Keen State College and a Master of Education for Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts. Gazzillo is also a graduate of the ABA School of Bank Marketing and Management.
Through foundation grants to nonprofits, scholarships to students, environmental programs, and employee volunteerism, Berkshire Bank is making a difference. Each year the Foundation donates $2 million to nonprofits throughout the Bank's footprint and 100% of bank employees provide over 40,000 hours of service through their XTEAM corporate volunteer program. Berkshire Hills Bancorp is the parent of Berkshire bank.
A determined GP patient is hoping to gain support for a petition to save the ‘best' Dunstable doctor's surgery.
Andy Livingstone, 56, is upset that IntraHealth Chiltern Hills Medical Practice, High Street North, is to close and hopes fellow patients will sign an online petition to save the surgery.
The contract between Chiltern Hills Surgery and NHS England will end on May 31, but Andy is hoping the petition can reach its 1,000 signature goal and bring change.
They claim: “I want to get the word out! I've been registered with Chiltern Hills for 15 years, and when I ring up for a consulation I'm able to get an appointment in two to three days.
“What will happen to its 2,000 patients? Waiting times elsewhere will get worse and some people may go to A&E for minor injuries!”
Matthew Tait, accountable officer, Bedfordshire Clinical Commissioning Group (BCCG) said: “The decision to close Chiltern Hills Surgery was made following a detailed assessment of primary care provision in Dunstable. This showed that Chiltern Hills Surgery was not sustainable in the long term, given that it is managed by one locum GP which would not provide continuity of care for patients.
“The remaining seven surgeries in Dunstable have capacity to meet the needs of patients currently registered at Chiltern Hills Surgery and we do not expect it to have an adverse effect on the Luton and Dunstable Hospital.
“The BCCG is committed to delivering the best possible care for patients, that's why we are working to build a new Healthcare Hub in Dunstable, to provide primary care and community health services for both adults and children. We will provide more information as plans are developed.”
Petition: www.thepetitionsite.com/takeaction/677/034/860/
Indian markets posted their biggest weekly decline in 18 months as several worries dominated the street, beginning with the escalation of tensions between the United States and North Korea.
The Doklam standoff between India and China along with the crackdown on suspected shell companies by SEBI added to negative sentiments as earnings and macro numbers continued to disappoint.
The Nifty lost 3.5 percent during the week to close near 9,700 - wiping off almost all of its advances in July. The mid-cap and small-cap indices saw a sharper fall in excess of 5 percent with certain stocks falling more than 10 percent. All sectoral indices saw significant selling pressure, except for the Nifty IT index which remained resilient and was down 1 percent.
The rupee recorded its biggest weekly drop since November, but was limited to 64.20 against the dollar. The outlook for the rupee remains positive as a stabilising euro and yen could help the rupee retest recent lows of 63.50 against the dollar.
SEBI came down heavily on suspected shell companies, releasing names of 331 companies and notifying exchanges to keep these stocks in the Graded Surveillance Mechanism (GSM). These companies may face compulsory delisting by exchanges, following a forensic audit to verify their credentials. It's natural that investors would look at these stocks with suspicion.
Meanwhile, the mid-year survey of the Indian economy was released, covering topics ranging from an unprecedented decline in inflation figures, contracting service and manufacturing sectors, and the RBI being the only central bank across Asia to slash interest rates.
The survey cautioned that reaching the upper limit of projections for economic growth at 6.75 to 7.5 percent will be difficult and expects inflation to be well below the RBI's target of 4 percent by March 2018.
It said real policy interest rates are elevated and higher than in other emerging markets, and the fiscal outlook for the year is uncertain because of reduced revenue from slower-than-anticipated nominal growth, lower telecom spectrum receipts and increased expenditure of 300 billion rupees on account of the Seventh Pay Commission. It noted that NPAs in the banking space have grown on account of slow growth and increasing indebtedness seen in some sectors.
The RBI too paid a much lower dividend to the government, highlighting the after-effects of demonetisation. It warned of "exuberance" in the financial markets, pointing out that the P/E ratio of Indian stocks is "substantially greater than the long-run average of 18 and not far from the frothy level reached in 2007".
Markets on Monday are expected to initially react to June IIP data released on Friday evening. The IIP slipped into negative territory to a four-year low, contracting 0.1 percent year-on-year. This is in comparison to a revised 2.8 percent growth for May. The output contracted as companies cut stock and put fresh orders on hold ahead of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) rollout.
The next set of corporate results to be announced include Coal India, Grasim, Tata Power, IDBI, Dish TV and are expected to keep the markets busy in a truncated week. On the macro data front, WPI and CPI inflation for July will be announced on Monday.
Telecom will be in focus as the inter-ministerial group's meeting is likely next week and the report will be finalised by the end of August. However, players hoping for some measures to deal with high debt could be left disappointed as there is lack of consensus within the group that policy action is required.
On the global front, Monday will see the release of Japan GDP and China IIP data followed by U.S. retail sales data for July on Tuesday. The FOMC will issue minutes of its July 26 meeting on Wednesday. U.S. data on housing starts and the euro zone GDP will also be declared on the same day.
The Indian markets are currently seeing a classic case of a P/E expansion phase in the market where there is hardly any earnings growth over the past four years, but they have been touching new highs based on hope. At times, external factors provide the reality check and this came in terms of geo-political issues to a large extent and our macro numbers and SEBI action on “shell companies” to a smaller extent as markets tend to react to immediate environmental changes.
Although the current correction is in line with my expectations, we could see a deeper correction if any of the geo-political worries play out. On the other hand, the upside remains capped due to uncertainties. We are likely to witness heightened volatility and a flight to safety in the near term.
The rap world and social media are embroiled in the ongoing beef between Drake and Pusha-T as the two rappers trade barbs in rhyme. With Drake preparing to drop their new project, Scorpion, sometime in June, and Pusha-T having just released Daytona, their latest album, which was produced by Kanye West, the music world could very well be gearing up for a summer with the highest-profile rap feud in years. To the average music fan, the 6 God's level of fame is much higher than Pusha-T's, although the latter is a well known figure in the rap world, particularly for their work with their previous group, The Clipse.
Drake may be in for a rougher ride in their current beef with fellow rapper Pusha-T, writes Raju Mudhar. ( City of Toronto )
While the rappers have a long and convoluted history — which includes both praise and insults — things have really heated up in the past two weeks. It started with Pusha-T's song “Infrared,” off their new album, which references the longtime accusation that Drake uses ghostwriters for their songs: “It was written like Nas, but came out like Quentin,” a reference to Quentin Miller, a rapper who has long been rumoured as Drake's ghostwriter. Within a day, Drake responded with “Duppy Freestyle,” a song taking shots at Kanye West, and questions Pusha-T's credibility and history as a drug dealer, something that has long been one of the main subjects they rap about. One of the lines in Drake's song references the increased publicity that this song would give to their rival's project: “Tell 'Ye we got an invoice comin' to you/Considering we just sold another 20 for you,” implying that they helped sell 20,000 more copies of their album. Pusha's response was a tweet to “Send the invoice for the extra 20.” So Drake did, creating an invoice for $100,000 for “Promotional assistance and career revival,” which they posted on Instagram.
Article Continued Below
That's when things moved to the next level. On Tuesday evening, Pusha-T responded with “The Story of Adidon,” a no-holds-barred diss track, in which, among insults aimed at their pride and multi-ethnicity, they accuse Drake of being the “deadbeat” father of a child with a porn star and takes a shot at producer Noah “40” Shebib, who suffers from multiple sclerosis, by saying, “How much time they got? The man is sick sick sick.” Shebib responded by pointing out the track came out just before World MS Day. Likely the most controversial thing about “The Story of Adidon” is the imagery used to promote it: a photo of smiling Drake in blackface. It's a real image, shot in 2008 by Canadian photographer David Leyes. While the fuse has been lit between these two rappers, there is a long history between them and some of their rap affiliations. Lil Wayne is considered Drake's mentor, and they and Pusha-T's previous group, The Clipse, also had some bad blood over various tracks. As well, Pusha-T released songs previously, like “Don't F--k with Me” in 2011 and “Exodus 23:1,” which took aim at Cash Money and Drake. Drake is no stranger to rap feuds, although in the past, they have usually been quickly victorious. After Philadelphia rapper Meek Mill tweeted about Drake's use of ghostwriters in 2015, the rapper responded with the track “Back to Back,” which featured an image of Toronto Blue Jay Joe Carter's famous World Series home run trot after the team beat the Philadelphia Phillies in 1993. In this case, though, as both rappers have albums to promote, and the low blows that the two are already trading, this looks like it has the trappings of being a much more incendiary rap fued.
Read more about:
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emma Willis stunned as they took to the stage for the live Celebrity Big Brother final.
The presenter wrapped up warm in a pink Mongolian lambswool jacket which costs £450 by designer Florence Bridge.
They also opted for a figure-hugging pink dress from Victoria Beckham's collection that emphasised their gorgeous long legs.
Meanwhile, a simple pair of nude Louboutin heels completed the look.
Fans at home thought they looked gorgeous.
One viewer said: "loving Emma Willis outfit"
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
And another said: "Emma looking stunning tonight she's so pretty!!!"
"EMMA WILLIS, YOUR HIGHLIGHTER IS ON FLEEK BABE," another commented.
While one wrote: "Love Emma's coat I want one"
Celebrity Big Brother January 2018 is almost over for another series.
Its January return brought with it a batch of famous faces who have been locked away from the British public for the past month.
But what's the meaning of the theme of CBB series 21? Who were all the contestants? And how can you watch the live final?
The 2018 series has been an epic on this year - but only one celebrity can be crowned the winner.
Transgender newsreader India Willoughby was the first contestant to be evicted, followed by journalist Rachel Johnson and the lovely Maggie Oliver being booted out in a double eviction. John Barnes became the first male evictee of CBB 2018 in a shocking backdoor eviction, shortly followed by Ginuwine in week three. A shock triple eviction saw Andrew Brady , Jonny Mitchell and Dapper Laughs evicted last week.
Shane Jenek , Shane Lynch , Ann Widdecombe , Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep are confirmed finalists after a triple eviction on Tuesday night saw Amanda Barrie , Ashley James and Malika Haqq leave the house.
Here's everything you need to know about Celebrity Big Brother 2018...
How to watch Celebrity Big Brother live
You can tune in to Channel 5 on the telly or watch live on Demand 5 from your PC or mobile device.
If you miss any episodes you can catch up on Demand 5 online 24 hours later.
What's been the theme of CBB 2018?
(Image: WireImage)
This series saw the first ever all-female Celebrity Big Brother line-up - at least to start with.
Channel 5 bosses are celebrating the centenary of women's suffrage - when some women were granted the vote in 2018 - by pulling in a batch of female celebrities.
In their announcement, CBB producers said: "In January 2018, as the nation marks 100 years since women won the right to vote for the very first time, Celebrity Big Brother launches this series with an all-female cast of celebrity housemates in a salute to a centenary of women's suffrage on Channel 5."
However, male celebrities will be added to the line-up throughout the duration of the series.
"Presented by Emma Willis, Celebrity Big Brother will initially explore how the all-female housemates interact, from politicians to performing artists, as they enter the house first, ahead of the celebrity male housemates," the producers went on.
"Over the course of the series, as the male counterparts enter the house, the housemates will take part in a series of entertaining tasks and hidden experiments which will test their - and our - assumptions, challenge gender stereotypes and reveal fascinating truths about what it is to be a woman - and man - in the 21st century.
"See what happens when women hold the power, as Celebrity Big Brother January 2018 is set to be celebratory, surprising and insightful."
What's the CBB 2018 logo?
(Image: Channel 5)
The Celebrity Big Brother eye has undergone a whole make-over since the last series, this time sporting a colourful iris and thick eyelashes.
It's made to look like a woman's eye, with a lick of eyeliner and even mascara to make it pop.
But right at the centre of the pupil is a camera lens - to remind the housemates that Big Brother is always watching...
Who is in CBB 2018?
The women
Ashley James - OUT in Week Four Amanda Barrie - OUT in Week Four Ann Widdecombe - FINALIST Malika Haqq -OUT in Week Four Rachel Johnson - OUT in Week Two Jess Impiazzi - FINALIST India Willoughby - OUT in Week One Maggie Oliver - OUT in Week Two
The men
Courtney Act - FINALIST Wayne Sleep - FINALIST Ginuwine - OUT in Week Three Andrew Brady - OUT in Week Three Dapper Laughs - OUT in Week Three Shane Lynch - FINALIST Jonny Mitchell - OUT in Week Three John Barnes - OUT in Week Three
Who are the presenters of Celebrity Big Brother 2018?
(Image: 135398-5)
The lovely Emma Willis has returned to their usual duties as host of the main show.
They introduced the line-up in the launch show and has been announcing to the housemates who have been kicked out in each eviction, followed by exit interviews with the evictees.
The stunning brunette will announce the winner tonight, followed by an interview with the champion as well as the other finalists.
Them co-star Rylan Clark-Neal has been hosting Celebrity Big Brother's Bit On The Side, the late-night spin-off that takes a tongue-in-cheek look at the main show's juiciest moments with a celeb-filled panelist.
When will Celebrity Big Brother return?
If you are already feeling low about the fact your evening telly will no longer be filled with CBB episodes - have no fear!
The CBB summer series is expected to make a return in August and we already can't wait.
And - if you can't hold out that long - the civilian edition of the series is expected to return to screens in summer 2018 too.
Applications are now open for Big Brother 2018 auditions if you fancy being an on-screen star and can get the summer off work.
HAMILTON, New Zealand — CFL speedster Tevaughn Campbell scored their first try in the World Rugby Sevens Series, but there was little else to celebrate for Canada on Saturday.
The Canadian men, who stand 10th overall after three events, lost 28-14 to the seventh-ranked Americans, 19-14 to No. 9 Kenya and 22-14 to No. 11 Samoa. They will play No. 12 Wales in the Challenge Trophy quarterfinals next.
A rash of injuries at last weekend's stop in Sydney, Australia, opened up spots for Campbell, Josiah Morra and Luke Bradley on coach Damian McGrath's squad.
Campbell, a defensive back who has played for Calgary, Saskatchewan and Montreal the last three seasons, opened their scoring account against Samoa, speeding past Silao Nonu down the touchline to score under the posts.
You could say 2017's standout sci-fi and fantasy scores cover space, shape and size as these four veteran composers tackle each film's themes from vastly different conceptual origins.
Blade Runner 2049
Music by Benjamin Wallfisch and Hans Zimmer
Vangelis' music for the 1982 original is so iconic, says co-composer Wallfisch, that the challenge was “how can we take that sonic language and emotional impact, but completely reinvent it?”
Curiously, the star of the 2017-by-way-of-2049 score is (like the Vangelis original) a Yamaha CS-80 synth, which Zimmer bought back in the 1970s London and was still in (mostly) working order. “It has a life of its own and every time you play a note, it's a slightly different pitch,” Wallfisch says with a laugh.
Much of the score, however, was created with contemporary synths, often with sounds inspired by other ‘80s electronic instruments; and some live players and vocalists. “Textures and colors evolve very slowly to match the pace of the film,” Wallfisch says.
With Zimmer, the two composers came up with a four-note theme that represents the key plot point. “It's a subtle score,” they add. “Things happen much more beneath the surface. They force the audience to ask more questions than a traditional thematic score would.”
Related Historical Drama Are Difficult to Score, but Attract Awards Attention Golden Globes Leaderboard: 'Shape of Water,' Fox Searchlight Top List of Nominees
Downsizing
Rolfe Kent
Kent's fifth film for director Alexander Payne, the sci-fi comedy-drama about shrinking people may have been the English composer's toughest assignment yet. “While it was being edited, it was still figuring out what it was. I ended up writing and rewriting. I must have done two and a half scores for this film.”
Payne wanted the feel of “beautiful classical music, not like movie score,” Kent says and the two looked to the work of Stanley Kubrick for inspiration, with a healthy dose of experimentation: “Write a piece of opera in Norwegian, or go very Erik Satie-influenced, and see if it works,” Kent explains of “the freedom to explore classical repertoire in a way, but with original music.”
Composing the musical theme for the character of Paul, played by Matt Damon, took on a “skipping dorkiness,” says Kent, but reaches an operatic moment when they are alone in their mansion. “I came up with some phrases, translated them into Norwegian and saw how they played,” they say of vocals that recur throughout the score.
Another highlight is the composer's “Downsizing Waltz,” a Hungarian-style romp that underscores the actual shrinking procedure. “It's very much in that Kubrick mentality of doing beautiful things against curious images.”
The Shape of Water
Alexandre Desplat
When Guillermo del Toro asked French composer Desplat to dinner two years ago, sushi was on the menu along with the project “The Shape of Water,” which the director had also co-written. Little did Desplat know that they were about to learn about a different kind of fish — an amphibious creature, captured by the American military — and the mute cleaning woman who falls in love with it.
“He wanted the score to be very European — restrained, melodic, sensitive, warm, touching,” Desplat says. “It's a love story.”
Determined to “capture the sound of water,” the composer chose 12 flutes, which created “a blurred, very strange” and fluid sound. The only sharpness that seeps through are whistles (performed by Desplat and inspired by the character of Elisa, played by Sally Hawkins), and an accordion played like a bandoneon, “with phrases that remind of tango music,” both very precise and clear and subtly nodding to their own South American origins. “The rest is all muffled.
Del Toro's romantic fantasy has elements of Cold War espionage and even horror, so the music needed to underscore those passages as well, especially a 10-minute cue for the creature's escape from custody. But, says Desplat, “the main line to follow was the love story.”
War for the Planet of the Apes
Michael Giacchino
For the final film in the “Apes” trilogy, director Matt Reeves turned again to Giacchino, the Oscar winner (“Up”) whose previous reboots have included three “Star Trek” and two “Mission: Impossible” movies.
In “War,” ape leader Caesar (Andy Serkis) witnesses their family's murder, a scene that was “incredibly emotional and complicated,” Giacchino says. “I would sit at the piano for days, thinking about it, exploring anger and loss and sadness. You have to take on these emotions in order to communicate them to an audience. It's not always fun to do that.”
The film “is at times a Western, a biblical epic, a chase movie, a revenge tale. It's all of these things mixed into one with apes as the main characters.” Giacchino needed a 100-piece orchestra and 60-voice choir to supply the “mythic, epic feel.” And one of their eight percussionists, Emil Richards, played the same stainless-steel mixing bowls that they did for Jerry Goldsmith on the original “Planet of the Apes” score in 1968.
Yet, “much of the music is simply based on piano [which] gets to the root of the humanity of these characters. They are a reflection of us.”
NEW YORK, Aug 14 (APP): Top U.S. officials presented their united front
on North Korea: denuclearization through a new policy of “strategic accountability,” and not regime change, is what they seek from Pyongyang in a time of heightened tensions.
In a jointly written opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal, U.S.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis stated the United States does not seek to “inflict harm” on the “long-suffering North Korean people.”
“We are replacing the failed policy of ‘strategic patience'…with a new
policy of strategic accountability,” the two officials wrote.
The U.S. goal, they added, is a denuclearized Korean Peninsula and not
“regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea.” Similarly, the U.S. is not in search of an excuse to station more of its troops along the North Korean border, nor does it have any “desire to inflict harm on the long-suffering North Korean people, who are distinct from the hostile regime in Pyongyang.”
Tillerson and Mattis called for a “peaceful pressure campaign” that
would be conducted with the aim of denuclearization, and without toppling the regime. But the two U.S. secretaries also described the regime in Pyongyang as “hostile.”
Tillerson and Mattis furthermore pointed out China could play an
important role in persuading Pyongyang to reconsider its options.
“The region and world need and expect China to do more,” they wrote in
the article that also included a message for North Korea.
“Take a new path toward peace, prosperity and international acceptance,
or continue further down the dead alley of belligerence, poverty and isolation,” they said. “The [United States] will aspire and work for the former, and will remain vigilant against the latter.”
On its part, China has announced a full import ban on North Korean
mineral resources and seafood would be effective Tuesday.
They're part of the tougher sanctions approved by the United Nations
Security Council earlier this month following two intercontinental ballistic missile tests by North Korea in July.
Last week, several US intelligence analysts said they believe North
Korea “probably” possesses a miniaturized nuclear warhead.
The report, originally in the Washington Post, was the catalyst for
Trump's “fire and fury” rhetoric, which threatened retaliation on Pyongyang should they not cease making threats against the US.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Co-leader Hideki Matsuyama has an “extra gear” in common with many of the greats, Ernie Els said on Friday after playing the second round of the PGA Championship with the Japanese player.
Els has been grouped with Matsuyama many times, but was still surprised when they watched their fellow competitor blow a drive over a fairway bunker guarding the left side of the slight dogleg at the 10th hole.
“What I saw today that I haven't seen from Hideki is that little extra they have,” the South African veteran told a small group of reporters after Matsuyama had carded seven-under 64 to tie American Kevin Kisner for the second-round lead at Quail Hollow.
“I remember in my prime and a lot of other guys' primes when you needed it there was that 20 yards and he's got that ability,” continued former world number one Els.
“Today on number 10 there's a bunker at 310 (yards). They flew that bunker comfortably. When you have that kind of firepower, he's got an extra gear. They play within themselves and then can let it go. The whole package is there.”
Els thinks world number three Matsuyama has “really paid their dues” by playing well in previous majors and hopes the Japanese player on Sunday becomes the first man from their country to win a major.
“There's not really any flaws in (the swing and) he's not scared of the lead,” Els said.
“Some guys shy away from the lead because they're not sure of their games. I think he's totally sure of their game. That 61 on Sunday (to win the Bridgestone Invitational) must have given the world of confidence.
“I would really like it if they win because he's really paid their dues now.”
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- Tennessee Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota suffered a left knee sprain in Sunday's 12-7 loss to the Arizona Cardinals.
Titans coach Mike Mularkey said the diagnosis is good news considering how it could have ended up when Mariota's knee got caught awkwardly while sliding into a Cardinals defender.
Mariota is expected to at least be a limited participant in Wednesday's practice in Arizona and he's on track to play Sunday at San Francisco.
The Titans also received good news on left tackle Taylor Lewan, who had a MRI Monday that revealed back spasms which would not lead to surgery or a long-term issue, Mularkey said. Lewan is also expected to practice on a limited basis Wednesday and play Sunday.
Mariota suffered their injury on the Titans' second offensive drive before being checked by trainers on the sidelines. They did not miss a snap and finished the game. Mularkey says the knee injury played a role in Mariota's poor performance and it went beyond the quarterback's lack of mobility after the hit.
"It limited us in our game plan more than you can imagine. I know it was on their mind," Mularkey said. "He missed some throws they usually don't miss."
The location of the injury is notable because Mariota still wears a brace on their left knee from a sprained MCL they suffered in their rookie season. Mularkey is hopeful this current injury won't affect Mariota's mobility moving forward.
Tennessee has many offensive issues to solve, but it can be thankful losing its quarterback and left tackle aren't among them.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Troubled doorstep lender Provident Financial has appointed acting chairperson Malcolm Le ‎May as its CEO with immediate effect, the company said on Friday.
Le ‎May, who was appointed to Provident's board in 2014, fills a position that has been open since August, when a second profit warning in quick succession prompted the departure of CEO Peter Crook and suspension of its dividend.
The British sub-prime lender has been hit by unresolved problems at its door-to-door lending business, with the group's woes compounded by investigations by Britain's financial watchdog into two of its units. ($1 = 0.7014 pounds)
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):US Embassy's International Narcotics and Law Enforcement (INL) Section has provided nine Pakistani police organizations more than $23 million between June and September in protective gear.
The state-of-the-art, lightweight protective gear that includes 30,500 bulletproof vests and more than 27,000 ballistic helmets has been provided to protect police officers as they fight terrorism and crime, said a statement issued here.
The police agencies include all four provincial police departments; Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkhwa; Frontier Constabulary; Federally Administered Tribal Areas Levies; the National Highways and Motorway Police and the National Police Academy.
This assistance now brings the total number of protective gear assistance since 2009 to more than 53,000 bulletproof vests and almost 47,000 ballistic helmets.
INL Director Gregory Schiffer said that the Pakistani Police make sacrifices every day to carry out their duties and to keep their communities safe. “Both in the United States and Pakistan, we depend on our police to protect our people, and we will continue to stand together with the people of Pakistan in the fight against terrorism and the commitment to stability and justice in Pakistan”, they added.
Bulletproof vests and helmets are critical in improving police operational capacity and saving officers' lives as they respond to threats from heavily armed groups, including terrorists, militants, and narco-traffickers.
Across Pakistan, police officers are often targeted by criminal and terrorist groups. According to the National Police Bureau, more than 6,000 police have been killed in the line of duty in Pakistan in the last 15 years.
You don't need to be an archeologist to ascertain that unusual burials are a good sign that there were some strange circumstances surrounding the dead and how they died. However, amateur and professional archeologists alike are baffled by a recent find in Mexico – ten human skeletons were discovered buried on their sides in a spiral circle with their arms intertwined. That can't be a good sign … and it gets worse. Some of the skulls showed signs of intentional deformation
The 2400-year-old remains were found in Tlalpan, the largest borough (delegaciones) of the Federal District of Mexico City. According to the National Institute of Anthropology and History, the remains were found one-and-a-half meters below the Pontifical University of Mexico and are the largest collection of skeletons from the Preclassic period (1000 BCE-250 CE) ever found in the Basin or Valley of Mexico. (A video of the site can be seen here and a photo of the circle of skeletons here.)
And what a strange collection it is. Two of the skeletons are definitely females and one is a male – the genders of the rest have not been determined. The ages range from one adult to a 3-year-old infant and a one-month-old baby, with the rest being teens or young adult. It was the circular, interlocking burial and the sideways positions of the skeletons that caught the attention of archeologist Lucía López Mejía.
“We have different anatomical depositions: ventral flexion, hyperflexion with the lower limbs bent towards the pelvis, dorsal decubitus with the limbs towards the abdomen, and extended ventral decubitus. The bodies were buried ‘interacting' between them, that's why we talked about the same event.”
So the bodies were buried together and positioned so that the arms of each were wrapped around the body of another. While obviously this was part of some sort of ritual, Mejía and their colleagues have few clues to what it might signify. There were also bowls and pots buried with them and some had ceramic spheres and stones in their hands.
Then there are the skulls.
“From the observable, a couple of individuals have intentional cephalic deformation, dental mutilation is also detected in some cases, pathologies such as osteocytes in the vertebrae and generalized tooth wear.”
While not as visually apparent as the elongated skulls, dental mutilations in the form of inlays, tooth sharpening and even the filing of teeth into serrated (notched or saw-like) shapes were known to be performed by older Mayan women on younger women using grinding stones and water. (Insert sound of screaming here.) That fits with the ages of the skeletons. While the purpose isn't known, the mutilations are suspected to indicate social status or be part of religious rituals.
Why were they buried on their sides in a circle? Why were they buried together? Why was there such a range of ages? Why the mutilations? The remains are from the Mayan Preclassic period, which mysteriously collapsed between 100 and 250 CE. With the unusualness of this burial and the mutilations, more excavations are expected at this site in the hopes of finding clues to the rituals, the history and the collapse of the Preclassic Mayan culture.
With the long heads and saw teeth, perhaps the cause was embarrassment.
And yes, Spiral of Skeletons would be a great name for a band.
RAWALPINDI, Apr 18 (APP): Pakistan strongly rejects allegations of employing proxies from its soil, Director General Inter Services Public Relations Major General Asif Ghafoor here Tuesday Tweeted.
Referring to the meeting of the US National Security Adviser with Chief of Army Staff General Qamar Javed Bajwa, DG ISPR said “Pakistan itself is victim of state sponsored terrorism, it strongly rejects allegations of employing proxies from its soil.”
Following the commencement of their partnership, Emirates and flydubai today announced that Emirates will expand its network to 29 flydubai destinations across three continents.
The new partner network, through its codeshare, will offer greater frequency and easier access to more global destinations with the advantage of connecting baggage to the final destination. Passengers can book from 03 October on Emirates.com, through the Emirates Contact Centres or the travel agents network with travel commencing from 29 October 2017.
HH Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, Chairman and Chief Executive of Emirates Group and Chairman of flydubai, said, “This is an exciting first step in unlocking the benefits of the partnership for passengers who will have the opportunity to enjoy the unique advantages each airline offers as well as greater choice and flexibility when connecting via Dubai. This is just the start and as we expand the partner network in the coming months we will open up more opportunities for our passengers to explore the world.”
Throughout the customer journey Emirates and flydubai will deliver a product experience reflective of their unique brand characteristics. When booked together, as part of the codeshare, Emirates passengers will receive complimentary meals and the Emirates checked baggage allowance on flights operated by flydubai in both Business and Economy Classes.
Connecting in Dubai's aviation hub offers a smooth transfer experience and under the new partnership passengers will benefit from a reduced minimum connection time (MCT) between Emirates' home in Terminal 3 and flydubai's in Terminal 2 of 120 minutes.
Today's announcement is an initial phase of the extensive agreement that will, in future phases, see the creation of additional city pair connections as the codeshare agreement is expanded and both airlines' networks are optimized.
More benefits for frequent flyers
In this first phase of the partnership, Emirates Skywards members can earn Skywards miles and Skywards Tier Miles on codeshare flights as per the existing Skywards mileage programme.
In addition to the Emirates free checked baggage allowance, Skywards Premium members can also enjoy their extra checked baggage allowances of 20kg (Platinum members), 16kg (Gold members) and 12kg (Silver members) on codeshare flights operated by flydubai.
Skywards Silver, Gold and Platinum members travelling on codeshare flights can access flydubai's Business Check-in counters and receive priority tags.
Further benefits for members of each airlines' frequent flyer and loyalty programmes will be announced in due course.
Emirates and flydubai partnership codeshare destinations
Asmara (Eritrea), Belgrade (Serbia), Kiev Zhulyany (Ukraine), Juba (South Sudan), Krasnodar (Russia), Samara (Russia), Kazan (Russia), Mineralnye Vody (Russia), Odessa (Ukraine), Prague (Czech Republic), Rostov-on-Don (Russia), Sarajevo (Bosnia & Herzegovina), Skopje (Macedonia), Sofia (Bulgaria), Tbilisi (Georgia), Kuwait (Kuwait), Baku (Azerbaijan), Lucknow (India), Ahwaz (Iran), Bandar Abbas (Iran), Esfahan (Iran), Lar (Iran), Shiraz (Iran), Najaf (Iraq), Bishkek (Kyrgyzstan), Muscat (Oman), Salalah (Oman), Yekaterinburg (Russia),Bucharest (Romania)
July 3, 2018 (ANKARA/JUBA) - The Turkish state development aid agency has donated 30 tons of seeds and agricultural equipment to farmers in war-torn South Sudan.
South Sudan agriculture (Getty)
In a statement issued Monday, The Turkish Cooperation and Coordination Agency (TIKA) said it provided 500 farmers in the capital Juba and its surroundings with peanut, maize, sorghum, tomato, and okra seeds along with several types of agricultural tools.
The Turkish envoy to South Sudan, Hasan Sevilir Asan, South Sudan Agriculture Minister Onyoti Adigo Nyikwec, the head of South Sudan Farmers Union, Mathuc Akola, and TIKA's coordination in Juba, John Acer attended the seed distribution ceremony.
South Sudan has a wealth of untapped agricultural assets. With 30 million hectares of arable land, across six agro-ecological zones, South Sudan is capable of producing an array of agricultural products, from cereals to oil seeds, horticulture, and specialty products such as Shea butter and Gum Arabic.
But despite the huge agricultural potential it possessed, only about 5% of South Sudan's land is cultivated, yet the country also offers abundant water resources in the Nile basin, and forestry assets are plentiful, with tens of thousands of hectares of teak and other high-value hardwoods available for sustainable harvesting.
In 2012, South Sudan President Salva Kiir announced a goal to achieve food self-sufficiency in the country. That same year, the ministry of agriculture launched the national effort for agricultural transformation, and started to identify agricultural opportunities for foreign investors and agribusinesses.
(ST)
Google today is launching a trio of new photo apps – a part of new series of what it has dubbed photography “appsperiments.” (Get it? Ha ha.) The apps, some of which are available on both the iOS App Store and Google Play, give Google a way to test out more experimental features to see how users respond, the company explains in an announcement on its Google Research blog.
The apps involve a number of technologies now in development at Google, including those focused on object recognition, person segmentation, stylization algorithms, efficient image encoding and decoding technologies, Google says.
Specifically, the three apps in question are called Storyboard, Selfissimo!, and Scrubbies.
The first, Storyboard, turns videos into single-page comic layouts on your device. Turning photos into images inspired by art – including comic book art – is something that grew popular with the launch of the A.I.-powered editing app Prisma. While that company has more recently shifted focus to b2b, its consumer app still ranks in the top 150 in the Photo & Video category on the App Store. But attention for this sort of creative photography has waned a bit. Perhaps turning it on for video could bring it back to the limelight again?
Storyboard is a new take on those art-inspired photo effects apps. Instead of turning a photo into comic book art, it automatically selects interesting frames from a video then lays them out using one of six visual styles.
Storyboard is Android-only for now.
The second app, Selfissimo!, is designed for selfies, as the name implies.
In this case, the app is an automated selfie photographer that takes black and white photos of you every time you pose. Whenever you stop moving, a new photo is taken. The end result is a contact sheet of photos – like you'd have from a real photoshoot. (But hey, Google, c'mon, we need more than just B&W photos here!)
This one is available on both iOS and Android.
The third, Scrubbies, is designed for video. This app lets you change the speed and direction of video playback to create looping videos. Instead of looping apps like Instagram's Boomerang, Scrubbies has you go hands-on. You actually swipe on the video itself to “remix” it. Google describes this process as “scratching it like a D.J.” One finger plays the video, while two fingers captures the playback for you to save and share.
Scrubbies is iOS-only.
This is not the first time Google has launched experimental photography apps.
Google researchers developed Motion Stills to make iOS's Live Videos less shaky, then brought a variation of that app to Android to offer a new recording experience for shooting sharable clips. This same Live Photo editing technology was also baked into the main Google Photos app, after some initial testing.
That means it's possible that – if all goes well with the new app experiments – the features they offer could eventually make their way to Google Photos, as well.
Google also hinted that these three apps may be the first of many tests to – the company tells us they're the “first installment” in a series of “appsperiments.”
BUSINESS
South Korean stocks rose Monday as institutions scooped up local stocks, offsetting net selling by foreigners and individuals. The Korean won rose against the US dollar.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index rose 7.49 points, or 0.30 percent, to close at 2,471.49. Trade volume was moderate at 237.57 million shares worth 4.536 trillion won ($4.15 billion).
(Yonhap)
Institutional investors bought stocks worth 240 billion won, while foreigners and individuals sold a combined 266 billion won worth of stocks.Large-cap stocks were mixed across the board.Market bellwether Samsung Electronics Co. fell 0.42 percent to 2,589,000 won, while No. 2 chipmaker SK hynix Inc. ended flat at 78,700 won. Top carmaker Hyundai Motor Co. declined 5.36 percent to 150,000 won due to ongoing strikes at its main domestic plants.Domestic plays ended higher to defend the main index. Cosmetics giant AmorePacific Corp. climbed 1.72 percent to 324,500 won, and dominant tobacco company KT&G Corp. was up 3.02 percent at 119,500 won.The local currency closed at 1,092.30 won against the US dollar, up 1.0 won from the previous session's close.Bond prices, which move inversely to yields, ended mixed. The yield on three-year Treasurys fell 0.7 basis point to 2.087 percent, and the return on the benchmark five-year government bond rose 1.1 basis points to 2.301 percent. (Yonhap)
Players and administration including Lions owner Martha Firestone Ford arm-and-arm with head coach Jim Caldwell during the national anthem. (Photo: Daniel Mears, Detroit News)
Allen Park — It was a request, not a decree.
In a team meeting last week, Lions ownership asked players to stand for the national anthem but also committed resources to fund the players' to-be-determined causes that are likely to focus on the original heart of the demonstrations: societal inequalities.
It's easy to look at the Ford family's promise of financial backing and see it as some sort of hush money, to remove the distraction of kneeling players on the sideline, but safety Glover Quin strongly disagrees.
“I think people have to make decisions about what really matters,” Quin said. “Does kneeling make the biggest difference or does doing something about it make the biggest difference? We can all kneel until we're blue in the face, but at some point, action has to be behind it. We've kneeled, we've got their attention, we've got what we need having owners beyond you, now you have to make a difference.”
To be clear, Quin hasn't kneeled. In the past, they said doing so would be a personally inauthentic gesture, but former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick decision to take a knee last year got Quin thinking more about the world they were raising their three sons in and inspired them to take action to improve it.
Lions' Steve Longa (54) takes a knee with teammate Jalen Reeves-Maybin during the national anthem last weekend's game against the Vikings. (Photo: Hannah Foslien, Getty Images)
Quin has been to Washington D.C. twice the past year with a small contingent of current and former NFL players, led by former Lions receiver Anquan Boldin, to meet with legislators about improving police-community relations.
This week, we surveyed a number of players in the Lions locker room and each echoed Quin's appreciation of ownership's support.
“It's big,” rookie linebacker Jalen Reeves-Maybin said. “(Martha Ford) could have just turned a blind eye to it. They could have made any decision. For them to come out and supports us, that's a big step in the right direction.”
Reeves-Maybin's voice matters because he's one of two Lions players — along with Steve Longa — who continued to take a knee during the anthem last week, after the team meeting.
After kneeling for the first time the week before, taking part in the league-wide series of demonstrations, Reeves-Maybin wanted to make it clear they aren't doing so strictly as a reaction to Donald Trump's controversial comments, when the president called protesting players sons of bitches who deserved to be fired.
“I felt like the right thing for me to do is to kneel,” Reeves-Maybin said. “I don't really like the state of some social inequalities and injustices that are going on here. I didn't want it to be about what president Trump said, and felt like at the time, the week when you saw all the demonstrations, it made it more so about that. That's not the idea of where it should have been.”
Their decision has brought predictable blowback. The young linebacker said he's been bombarded with hateful messages on social media, plenty of them racially charged. And while they haven't received any death threats, some have gone as far as to wish they will suffer from CTE — a degenerative brain disease found in many football players after death — and the inability to play with their children after they retire.
“I don't really care,” Reeves-Maybin said. “Most of the time, I just laugh at it. I'm sure the people writing it have way more anger, put way more energy into something they claim they don't want to put energy into.
“I think when you get those kinds of things, it makes you really realize how far away you are from what it really should be like.”
Defensive tackle Akeem Spence, who knelt two weeks ago, but stood and linked arms with their teammates last Sunday, also had to deal with angry responses, including voicemails from people who got ahold of their cell phone number. It was also reported last week that Spence's father, was denied a construction job in Florida because of their son's demonstration.
Spence decided to stand back up, one, because they didn't want to negatively impact their family, and two, because they didn't want to be a distraction to the team. But they still believe it's important to tackle social inequality head-on, and they too are thrilled to have Ford's support.
“Our ownership, they've done a great job,” Spence said. “Our owners, they're willing to get behind us. Mrs. Ford, they were out there locking arms with us. They're behind us the whole way. Her, president (Rod) Wood, they're behind us.”
What's next? That remains to be seen. The players are continuing to discuss where they want to direct their energy and efforts. The important thing, says Quin, is finding something that will have a long-lasting impact.
“Just talking about it, dialogue, coming up with something that's not going to go away in a week,” Quin said. “We're looking for something that's sustainable, something that's really going to make change.”
jdrogers@detnews.com
Twitter: @justin_rogers
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Tennessee coach Jeremy Pruitt said that linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. has changed their mind and will be staying with the Volunteers.
Kirkland shared on social media last week that they were leaving Tennessee after graduating with two years of eligibility remaining.
But Pruitt told reporters Tuesday at the Southeastern Conference meetings in Destin, Florida, that they met Kirkland over the weekend and the linebacker are now excited to stay at Tennessee.
Kirkland made 10 starts and had 66 tackles as a first-year student in 2015, but injuries limited them in 2016 and prevented them from playing at all last year. They made six starts and had 45 tackles in 2016 but missed five games with a high ankle sprain. They sat out the entire 2017 season with a knee injury.
BANNED performance-enhancing supplements. Drug resistant bacteria.
These are the disturbing new finds in an 'autopsy' of an enormous 750m long 'fatberg' found on the South Bank in Central London. It's just one of 12 such greasy beasts currently clogging London's sewerage system.
All have to be cleared by hand.
And that costs about $1.5 million, each month.
Waterworks authorities have been given the job of finding out exactly what's causing - and what's in - these enormous blobs of congealed fat.
And what Londoners have been flushing down their toilets is cause for concern.
The process goes something like this.
Leftover cooking oil gets tipped down the sink.
This is immediately attracted to the 'wet-ones' people insist on flushing down their toilets despite warnings not to do so.
Together, they catch an enormous variety gruesome discards.
Human fat. Sanitary pads. Condoms. Needles.
"The fat sticks to the side of the pipe, the wet wipes come down and stick to the fat, other fat comes down and sticks to the wet wipes and that adds to the mass of the fatberg," civil engineering consultant Andy Drinkwater told The Guardian.
But it's the trace elements bound within the 90 per cent fat that is so revealing.
Among the surprise discoveries is the sheer quantity of banned muscle-growth supplements such as hordenine and ostarine. These were found in far greater quantities than recreational drugs such as MDMA and cocaine.
But this was not the worst of it.
There were also thriving colonies of antibiotic-resistant, life-threatening bacterins. These include Lysteria, Campylobactre, and E. coli.
While contained to the sewerage system at the moment, there is the threat these could overflow and contaminate the surface above - just like the devastating cholera epidemics of centuries past.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
The demolition of a former Fort William school to make way for 60 new homes is set to take place next month.
Development plans between the Highland Council and Lochaber Housing Association (LHA) will see 60 new houses, a mixture of affordable flats, bungalows and villas, built on the former site of Lochyside RC Primary School.
The site was originally earmarked for 70 houses but plans were changed after a number of concerns were raised by the community about the layout of the site.
Representatives from architects Bracewell Stirling, the Highland Council and LHA all attended Caol Community Council's meeting on Monday night to detail plans to the public.
The meeting heard how demolition of the former primary school will start the week of March 20 and will last eight weeks.
The architect also said they are about to go out to tender for the construction of the new homes, which are expected to take 12 months to build.
A Highland Council housing representative said: ‘We are not going to prolong this, we are going to get on site as soon as possible.'
The bus stop and shelter at Kilmallie Road will be relocated during the works but a spokesperson for the architects said: ‘The new bus stop and shelter will be done early on in the process and we will put up a temporary shelter if need be.'
The number of two-bedroom houses has been questioned, with one comment on the application stating, ‘there are too many two-bedroom apartments planned'.
The person continued: ‘Eight three-bedroom homes is totally inadequate and I do not see how this number was decided in accordance to need.'
But at the meeting on Monday the architects said they are responding to the needs of people in Lochaber.
However, while some of the bungalows are wheelchair usable and there are ground floor flats, people at the meeting were concerned about them having no carports. The architect said they will be meeting with the Lochaber Disability Access Panel soon.
Other issues raised were questions over the proposed play area. One resident said plans should be for a more ‘natural' play park, with tunnels and rocks, rather than the traditional swings and slide.
They said this would ‘still look good' and make an ‘interesting playing environment' without the need for as much maintenance from an already stretched council. It was feared that the park would fall into disrepair if not maintained and this was suggested as an alternative.
HALF-BACK Cory Aston is looking to make a big impression on Super League in 2018 after completing their move to Castleford Tigers from Super League champions Leeds Rhinos.
Aston has joined the Tigers on a two-year deal after seeking a release from Leeds Rhinos just one year into a two-year deal.
Cory Aston with Daryl Powell.
The 22-year old joined the Rhinos from Sheffield Eagles where their father, Mark Aston, had coached him. The Rhinos beat off competition from other Super League clubs to sign the youngster last year.
The half-back has made over 75 appearances in the Championship for Sheffield, Featherstone Rovers and Bradford Bulls.
In 2017, however, chances at Leeds were hard to come by for Aston and they spent the season on loan with Featherstone and Bradford.
Now Aston can't wait to begin pre-season training and get started with the Tigers:
They said: “Just watching Cas this year has been really exciting so to get the chance to come and play for them is a great opportunity that I am really looking forward to.
“In 2018, I'd like to play in Super League, I've not had that opportunity so far in my career.”
Tigers head coach Daryl Powell said: “Cory has looked really good in previous years. I think they have some great bits and pieces to their game and I'm sure we can make sure that they are a consistent half back at the highest level. We are looking forward to them growing within our system.”
ISLAMABAD, June 14 (APP): Chief Justice Mian Saqib Nisar
remarked that it was very important to know about the persons who
funded the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI), as no document was
yet submitted before the apex court.
Chief Justice also remarked that all obligations must be fulfilled to meet justice in the instant case.
They made these remarks while leading a three-member bench hearing
alleged foreign funding to the PTI case and
seeking disqualification of Imran Khan, moved by Hanif Abbasi.
Akram Sheikh counsel for petitioner alleged that even passing
so many days PTI had failed to submit relevant record in the case.
It seemed that PTI instead of assembling documents was making new ones, they added.
They also informed the court incompliance with earlier order
that their client Hanif Abbasi showed willingness to refer the foreign
funding case to Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP), however ECP
should follow the direction of the apex court.
The Chief Justice said that apex court would decide what questions
would be placed in front of ECP to meet the justice.
Akram Sheikh apprised the court that yet details accounts of
Niazi Services Limited (NSL) and transaction of Jemima was not
submitted before the court.
The Chief Justice said that finding years back record might take
time however this court would probe the matter in depth.
Subsequently the bench directed PTI's counsel to submit reply
on identical petitions moved in connection with foreign
funding to PTI within two weeks, whereas in other identical petitions
seeking disqualification of Imran Khan's case within a week and
adjourned the case.
Earlier, on previous hearing Chief Justice Mian Saqib Nisar
remarked that no compromise would be made on the authorities of
Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP), if the commission had powers
to re-examine party funds.
The bench remarked that PTI had to satisfy regarding foreign
funding for the party, its sources and audits, adding that the
court would go to bottom of the case.
Ibrahim Satti counsel for the ECP apprised the court that for
last four years Imran Khan did not submit reply to the ECP.
Chief Justice remarked that if any party had illegal source of
funding then what would be its future.
Anwar Mansoor counsel for PTI replied that if any party had
illegal source of funding then legal action should be taken against
it, but all the PTI sources were legal.
They informed the bench that once ECP allotted election symbol
to contest election after examining its accounts then ECP could not
re-examine audited accounts.
Ibrahim Satti apprised the court that the matter was not only
in the domain of the commission, but also had the right to re-
examine the accounts of any party.
Meanwhile, Akram Sheikh counsel apprised the court that
PTI was funded by 195 corporations of California adding that all
record could be seen on an American website right now in the court
room.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the dramatic moment a woman burnt down their house while trying to try to get rid of their BEDBUG infestation.
Determined to stop the critters from feasting on their blood, the unnamed woman turned to rubbing alcohol on their bedsheets.
But officials said that dousing the creepy-crawlies with the highly flammable liquid near an open flame had led to them setting the sheets - and then their home - ablaze.
The fire in Cincinnati, Ohio, on Saturday night left three people injured - and 10 people homeless.
(Image: Facebook)
It is believed that around £187,000 in damages was caused to the five-unit home, with some residents losing all of their belongings.
Kamaron Lyshe, who lived on the third floor, was one of the people affected - although they were not at home when the inferno took hold.
They said: "My house caught fire n got burned down - all my stuff is gone man."
(Image: Facebook)
'Violent explosion' at gas plant leaves 'one dead and dozens injured' as witnesses say it 'felt like an earthquake'
Their brother, Brendan Lyshe-Berry, also said: "My brothers Kamaron, Antonio and I were all not at home when the fire started.
"We lived on the third floor of a multi-family house, and the fire was started by one of the other residents.
"We got a call about the fire around 12.20am and it burned til around 2am.
"To my knowledge EVERYTHING we owned in that house is 100% gone and we have to rebuild from scratch.
"Unfortunately, we did not have renters insurance this time around although I've always had it since college. This is definitely a huge lesson learned."
(Image: Getty)
Incredibly, this is the second fire in the city caused by people trying to kill bedbugs with alcohol and fire.
Last month a 13-year-old boy left eight neighbours homeless while trying to tackle the pests.
Getting rid of the blood-sucking insects is difficult and the Cincinnati Fire Department has advised residents to hire professionals to take on future infestations.
RAWALPINDI, Dec 11 (APP):US Ambassador to Pakistan, David Hale met Chief of Army Staff (COAS), General Qamar Javed Bajwa at General Headquarters (GHQ) on Monday.
Matters of mutual interest including regional security issues were discussed during the meeting, a statement issued here by Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) said.
The energy sector helped lift Canada's main stock index in late-morning trading, while the loonie flew higher after the latest rate announcement by the Bank of Canada.
The Canadian central bank kept its key interest rate on hold at 1.25 per cent, but its comments increased market expectations that it would raise the rate in July. The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.66 cents U.S., up from an average value of 76.92 cents U.S. on Tuesday.
POLICE have caught up with a man allegedly responsible a violent crime spree in Lismore this week.
About 9.45pm on Monday a 22-year-old man was sitting in their vehicle on Brunswick Street, Lismore, when they were allegedly approached by a man armed with a hammer.
The man allegedly smashed the driver's window of the white Hyundai, and threatened the driver before stealing their car.
The driver reported the matter to Lismore police.
About 5am this morning, a man entered a home on William Blair Drive, Goonellabah, allegedly armed with a machete and a baseball bat.
They ransacked the home before fleeing the premises, empty handed.
No one was injured, and the man was seen getting into a white Hyundai.
Shortly after 5am today officers from Lismore engaged in a short pursuit with the white Hyundai, however it was quickly terminated due to the dangerous manner of driving.
About 10am officers located the vehicle on Clovass Road, Caniaba.
A 23-year-old man, who was allegedly sitting in the vehicle, was arrested.
They were taken to Lismore Police Station where they were charged with:
Aggravated break, enter and steal
Armed with intent
Breach of bail
Aggravated enter dwelling with intent
Drive whilst disqualified
Aggravated robbery
Aggravated taking motor vehicle with assault with occupant on board.
They were refused bail and will appear in Lismore Local Court tomorrow.
The trial of the 63year old doctor who was arrested for allegedly having intercourse with their mentally unstable patients has begun in Bavaria, Germany. Reports say the doctor is facing trial for sexually exploiting three of their female patients without treating them.
One of the women reportedly called the police. But the identity of the accused was not revealed due to Germany's strict privacy laws. "A trained psychotherapist, the doctor committed the acts either in their practice or in the women's homes,” the prosecution said.
"He could face imprisonment of three months to five years if found guilty". Prosecutors were reported to have said the doctor had regularly asked the patients to come to their surgery between 2012 and 2015 in the late evening hours. It was gathered that the doctor told the women that intercourse was part of the therapy.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bioleaders Corp :
* Says it will issue 3rd series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds, to raise 30 billion won in proceeds for operations and investment
* Maturity date is March 21, 2021, coupon rate is 0 percent and yield to maturity is 2 percent for the bonds
* Conversion price is 12,360 won/share and conversion ratio is 100 percent
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/3X6a3E
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
“The Real Thing” and “Who We Are” are among the 19 international virtual reality experiences set to
compete at NewImages, a new Paris-based festival dedicated to international virtual reality creations.
Replacing the Paris Virtual Film Festival, this new event will boast two competition lineups; one for contemplative VR films and another for immersive/stand-up VR.
Two prizes will be given by a jury comprising the filmmakers Hubert Charuel (whose debut feature “Petit Paysan” won three Cesar Awards), Marc Caro and Jan Kounen, as well as the producer Sophie Goupil from Les Poissons Volants and Myriam Achard.
World premieres include Benoit Felici and Mathias Chelebourg's “The Real Thing,” a VR documentary exploring urban myths in the suburbs of Shanghai; Jürgen Hansen and Pierre-Emmanuel Le Goff's “Dans la peau de Thomas Pesquet,” following a man who has dreamt of becoming an astronaut since their childhood and participates in an intensive training with American astronaut Peggy Whitson; as well as Manuel Lefèvre and Frédéric Gourmet's “700 Requins dans la nuit” (pictured), an exploration of the Pacific Ocean where hundreds of sharks live and hunt.
Other contemplative VR titles in NewImages's roster include Trevor Snapp and Sam Wolson's “Who We Remain,” shedding light on the war raging in the Nuba Mountains of Sudan; Kuan-Yuan Lai's “The Train Hamasen,” a fantasy short film about people from different cultures and ages who wait for a train to start a journey through time and space.
Among the immersive VR experiences competing are Stéphane Barbato's “Immersive Mugshots,” Patrick Boivin's “Trinity,” Pete Billington & Jessica Yaffa Shamash's “Wolves in the Walls” and Bohdon Sayre & Adam Volker's “Manifest 99.”
The inaugural edition of NewImages will host an African focus, featuring diverse VR works such as Selly Raby Kane's “The Other Dakar,” Jim Chuchu's “Let This Be A Warning,” Ng'endo Mukii's “Nairobi Berries” and Jonathan Dotse's “Spirit Robot.”
The event, which is set to run April 4-8 at the Forum des Images – the former venue of Series Mania –, is expecting 10,000 participants. NewImages is being organized by the Paris Virtual Reality Film Festival and the French company I Love Transmedia.
Zubair Qureshi
Islamabad
People's Republic of China and United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Pakistan have signed US$4 million agreement to support and uplift crisis-hit areas and infrastructure in the Federally-Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) and Balochistan.
In a unique example of south-south collaboration, China and the UNDP Pakistan have signed this deal to provide assistance for over four months in the areas that have been affected by natural and human-made crises. “China South-South Cooperation Assistance Fund for the Recovery Project in FATA and Balochistan” will help 8,100 families returning to the areas affected by insecurity in FATA to rebuild their lives, says a statement released by the UNDP here on Friday. In Balochistan, about 19,000 school children will benefit as schools that were damaged in the 2010–2011 floods are refurbished.
Addressing the ceremony, Ambassador of China Yao Jing said the successful launching of this project renewed our commitment to deliver strong support to the people of Pakistan. In future, too, China will continue to increase the grant assistance to Pakistan, enriching the categories and sectors, expanding the input into areas with pressing demands including FATA and Balochistan, said Yao Jing.
Joint Secretary, Economic Affairs Division, Muhammad Aslam Chaudhry said the government of Pakistan was thankful to the Government of China for the initiative to provide immediate response to meet the needs of communities in FATA and Balochistan. The project would support the people in restoration of livelihoods and help to rebuild their lives, said Aslam.
UNDP Pakistan Country Director Ignacio Artaza was of the view that FATA and Balochistan were amongst the country's least developed regions and, in recent years, had been severely affected by disasters. This support from China would help temporarily displaced families get back on their feet as they return home after years of uncertainty, and help ensure that schools in Balochistan meet the necessary conditions to keep young students in school.”
The recovery project was supported by the Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) of the People's Republic of China and implemented by UNDP. The project aims to provide immediate response to meet the needs of the affected individual and communities through the distribution of essential supplies for the restoration of livelihoods. This initiative builds on UNDP's ongoing support for early recovery and rehabilitation of affected populations in Pakistan and will provide 56,700 people (8,100 families) in Kurram, South Waziristan, North Waziristan, Khyber and Orakzai Agencies with construction kits to rebuild their homes, as well as essential household items.
In Balochistan's Naseerabad, Jafferabad and Sohbatpur districts, which were the worst affected by the 2010–2011 floods, 375 schools will receive new furniture and education kits. The project will be implemented in partnership with government stakeholders including the Disaster Management Authority, FATA Secretariat and Temporarily Displaced People Secretariat in FATA, and in Balochistan the Departments of Education and Planning and Development.
When Donald Trump takes the oath of office, it will mark the third time in the last half century the United States has installed a Republican president who allegedly worked with a hostile foreign power to sabotage American interests and the sitting U.S. president, in order to get themselves elected. Read that sentence again slowly and consider the implications.
In 1968, Republican candidate Richard Nixon worked behind the scenes to scuttle Vietnam peace talks. Nixon knew that if the incumbent president LBJ agreed to terms with the South Vietnamese government, the resulting peace would benefit not only American soldiers in danger but also their Democratic opponent Hubert Humphrey. So Nixon's camp sent private messages to the South Vietnamese promising better terms if they waited until they were elected president. When LBJ learned of the sabotage, recordings show that they described it as treason. Nixon won the election, and the Vietnam War continued for years afterward.
ISLAMABAD Aug 14 (APP): Blazing after-burners and
thunderous roar of fighter aircraft over the skies Monday
enthralled the people of twin cities gathered to celebrate the
70th independence Day celebrations and evoke a sense of
national pride.
The event, at the F-9 Park was also witnessed by
President Mamnoon Hussain, along with the Minister of Defence
Khurram Dastgir, Chief of the Air Staff Sohail Aman, diplomats
including the specially invited ambassadors of Saudi Arabia
and Turkey, from atop the building of Shaheen School, adjacent
to the park.
The festive event, a special, to mark the 70th
Independence celebrations, was participated by internationally
acclaimed Aerobatics teams from Turkish Air Force – Solo
Turkey, and Saudi Hawks of the Royal Saudi Air Force, besides
the aerobatics team of Pakistan Air Force and commandoes of
the three services. The air show along with the Saudi and Turk
Air Forces reinforced their strong brotherly ties with
Pakistan.
Excited children carrying the green and white national
flags, many dressed in the national colours, donned matching
hats and goggles and shouted Pakistan Zindabad as the fighters
thundered by. Age also seemed to be no barrier as young and
old all kept their eyes fixated on the twists and turns of
their favourite aircraft in the backdrop of the hazy sky.
The thrilling show began with a flypast by three Mirages
aircraft of the Pakistan Air Force, upgraded with modern
avionics and armament packs, that dropped flares and dispersed
in a bomb burst.
It was followed by the aerobatics show by the lone F-16
known as; Solo Turk, by the Turkish Air Force, an event that
tested the machine and the pilot to the limits.
Solo Turk got a loud applause for flying past the dias
at near the speed of sound – equivalent to 650 kms per hour on
ground. The pilot than almost hovered the aircraft at the
minimum possible speed by a aircraft of its type and waved at
the crowd before pulling it up 90 degrees, as it dispensed
flares.
The crowds around the F-9 Park started to build since
early morning and by the time the show started past the
midday, hundreds of thousands of people gathered, raising
slogans of Pakistan Zindabad and singing and dancing to the
tune of national songs. The roads leading to and from the F-9
Park were jam packed with people on motorbikes, cars, vans
carrying Pakistani flags and playing national songs.
The manoeuvres of Solo Turk included a 8-point role,
flying upside down, rolls and tight turns in which they pulled
almost 9 Gs, besides flying in a wave mode.
The six-member team of the Saudi Hawks were the next to
enthrall the record crowds by flying in different formations.
Flying the BAE Hawk aircraft the team did barrel rolls, bomb
burst, besides their signature manoeuver of forming the Saudi
government logo of a palm tree with two swords.
The most exciting manoeuvres were the ones in which two
aircraft flew in from opposite directions and zapped past each
other with less than 100 meters separation. Emitting Red smoke
they also made a heart, as another aircraft flew through it
making an arrow.
The PAF's SAAB 2000 AEW&C (Airborne Early Warning and
Control System) Surveillance aircraft also flew past the dias.
The recently inducted Augusta Westward 139 helicopters
for combat Search and Rescue missions of the PAF made their
debut and their pilots showed their skills of handling this
highly versatile and manoeuvrable helicopter, by flying in
reverse, turning on pivot, hard turns.
The workhorse of the Pakistan Army an Mi-17 exhibited
dropping of a team of Special Services Groups who repelled
down the helicopter.
Another manoeuvre in which the SSG Commandoes hang from
ropes from a helicopter also received a thunderous applause
for their daring skills and is normally used for insertion and
extraction from behind the enemy lines.
The final aerobatics was by a JF-17 Thunder, a pride of
Sino-Pakistan joint production effort.
The event concluded with a free fall jump by Special
Services Group teams of the three services, who landed right
at their designated spot inside the F-9 Park.
Well, it seems we have an update to President Trump's alleged "pee tape" story: According to various records obtained by Politico, Donald Trump did indeed spend the night in Moscow during the Miss Universe pageant in 2013. This is significant, given that Trump reportedly denied having stayed overnight in Russia when discussing the rumor with former FBI director James Comey in 2017. Bustle has reached out to the White House for comment on how long Trump stayed in Russia during that weekend.
The release Comey's memoir, A Higher Loyalty, breathed new life into the unconfirmed report that Donald Trump, while visiting Russia as a private citizen in 2013, hired Russian prostitutes to urinate on a bed that Barack Obama had once slept in — and that Russian intelligence may have recorded the incident. Trump and the White House deny all of this, and Comey — both in their memoir and recently-released memos from their time at the FBI — wrote extensively about their conversations with Trump on the topic.
Comey says that Trump repeatedly denied the pee tape allegation during several conversations the two had in early 2017. Importantly, Comey claims that Trump also denied having even spent night in Moscow during the weekend in question.
"[Trump] said that they arrived in the morning, did events, then showered and dressed for the pageant at the hotel (he didn't say the hotel name) and left for the pageant," Comey wrote in their memos after a meeting with Trump eight days after their inauguration. "Afterwards, they returned only to get their things because they departed for New York by plane that same night."
As Comey has noted, this wouldn't actually exonerate Trump, who could have easily partaken in the alleged incident without having spent the night in Russia. But according to Politico, travel records, congressional testimony and photographic evidence all suggest that Trump's claim was false, and that they did spend the night in Moscow during the Miss Universe pageant.
Politico obtained flight records from the Federal Aviation Administration, and they show that Trump landed at Vnukovo International Airport in Moscow on a Friday — November 8th, 2013, to be exact — and didn't leave the country until the next Sunday morning. Those same flight records corroborate existing, and uncontested, reports about Trump's travels to and from other events around that same time, Politico reports.
Additionally, according to Politico, an upscale Russian restaurant posted a photo to Facebook of Trump reportedly posing with one of their Russian business partners, Emin Agalarov, during the visit. The post was published on November 8; Politico also pointed out that there was another picture of Trump reportedly posing at the pageant, this time with Nick Jonas (?) and Olivia Culpo, the winner of the contest.
According to Comey's memos, Trump told Comey that they flew into Moscow the morning of the pageant, which was on Saturday, and then left for New York later in the night. But both the flight records and the social media posts show that Trump was in Russia the day before the pageant as well, which would mean that they did indeed spend the night in Russia. The flight records in particular suggest that Trump stayed in Moscow for a total of three days before coming back home.
Finally, there's the testimony of Keith Schiller, Trump's longtime personal bodyguard, who testified in front of Congress behind closed doors in 2017. According to various media reports, Schiller told lawmakers that the Russian government offered to send "five women" to Trump's room during the 2013 visit, but Trump declined. Schiller reportedly added that they stood guard outside Trump's door for some time before going to sleep — implying that Trump did spend the night. Schiller's lawyer denies these reports, though, and said in a statement that the media's characterizations of Schiller's testimony are "false and misleading."
It's still unclear precisely what happened that weekend in Moscow. But if Trump did indeed mislead Comey, that could be of interest to another high-profile figure in the Russia investigation: Special counsel Robert Mueller.
Sunday, December 10, 2017 at 9:36 pm |
The Trump administration is poised for a major legislative achievement: a tax cut that promises an economic stimulus not seen since the Reagan era.
The House and Senate have each passed their separate versions of the tax bill and are getting ready to meet for the purpose of hammering out a single text acceptable to both chambers.
The legislative package in question is a complicated one, and not everything in it gets the attention it deserves in congressional committee rooms and in the media. The biggest issues get the lion's share of the attention. These include the proposal to reduce corporate taxes from 35 percent to 20 percent; a reduction in taxes on corporate earnings abroad; and a new 23 percent deduction for pass-through income, affecting a range of small to large businesses.
About 93 percent of households would receive an immediate tax cut according to the Senate version, but critics say that the gains for the middle- and low-income sectors would be meager compared to the rich. The bottom 20 percent of households would receive an average cut of just $40 in 2019, nothing compared to the upper brackets.
Such are the issues generating the most heat and garnering the most attention. This is unavoidable. But it tends to obscure certain other important issues. Indeed, reading the mainstream media reports on the tax bills, you would not know about them at all.
For the Orthodox Jewish community, there are two provisions of the draft bill which are of particular concern: the Qualified Tuition Reduction (QTR) and expansion of 529 accounts to K–12.
These two items can't compete with the excitement factor of historic tax cuts, but for our community and its educational institutions they are crucial.
Congress should retain QTR, which provides tax benefits to teachers and school administrators. If, in the welter of legislative give-and-take, QTR gets left out, it would not only have serious tax consequences for them, but it could bump them into tax brackets that would force some of them to lose certain social service benefits.
While our financially strapped yeshivos often find it difficult to offer competitive salaries, this benefit makes it easier for them to still hire high-quality educational and executive staff. And, it is ultimately a benefit for everyone in the school and community, as it helps keeps a lid on high tuition costs.
The expansion of 529 accounts to K–12 would allow tax-free withdrawals from education savings accounts for private school tuition and other expenses. This will help segments of our schools' parent bodies. It is a good and important first step that can be built upon on the state and federal levels. While it is in both bills, it was narrowly passed in the Senate and has come under fierce attack by anti-school choice advocates.
The lawmakers in Washington are working on this bill in a pressure-cooker environment. They are aiming to complete revisions in time for passage of the new tax law before the end of the year. At the same time, they will have one eye on the unresolved budgetary issues that still threaten a federal shutdown.
The Qualified Tuition Reduction (QTR) and the expansion of 529 accounts to K–12 are not the national make-or-break issues that are currently preoccupying negotiators between the House and Senate working to reach a final compromise.
If their constituents don't insist that they take these provisions into consideration and protect them, they could easily slip through the cracks. As such, it is imperative that the Conference Committee hears from us.
As important as it is to vote for candidates who will represent our interests, it is important to follow up at times like these and remind them exactly what those interests are, and how we think they should vote on them. If they don't hear from the Jewish communities on these matters, they may be justified in feeling that they are not so urgent for them, and may be willing to make concessions or tradeoffs that could reduce or eliminate these benefits.
Now is the time to call or write to your senators and members of congress. Even a brief message in support of these measures will have an impact. It will force them to take note and help to ensure that the interests of our communities are safeguarded in these days of decision.
This is the time to make our votes really count.
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
EPL 2016/17: Arsenal 2 - 0 Crystal Palace, 5 talking points
Arsenal hand Sam Allardyce a rough start to their Crystal Palace stint.
@gattumaan by Sourav Saha Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 09:24 IST
Giroud opened the scoring via an audacious scorpion kick
Given the history between the managers, Arsene Wenger and Sam Allardyce, one could have expected a feisty encounter at the Emirate on New Year's Day. The duo has been involved in ‘not so friendly' exchanges over the years and the mood was not expected to improve as Arsenal took on Crystal Palace.
Add in the fact that this was the 200th game at the Emirates, Arsenal fans could have been forgiven for expecting a favourable result. And the Gunners got 2017 off to a positive start establishing their intent from the first while.
On a drizzly, dark Emirates stadium, the Gunners' attacking trio of Giroud, Sanchez and Iwobi were quick of the blocks and it was only a matter of time before they found the back of the net. Perez started ahead of Ozil, due to the German's illness and looked to impress from the onset.
Giroud opened the scoring in the first half (more on that in the talking point) before Iwobi ensured the spoil of the points when they scored a well deserved second goal. Arsenal will be relieved with the win and the clean-sheet as well which ensured that they are still in the running for the title as well.
#1 Giroud and the wonder goal
“Wow”. That was the initial reaction as the ball hit the back of the net of the on-looking crowd at the Emirates. The same reaction applies to the author as well. As the replays aired repeatedly on the screen at the Emirates and on our television screens, one couldn't help wowing once again.
The goal which was taken beautifully by the Frenchman set the mood at the Emirates. Palace started brightly but was rocked by a goal which was world class in every respect. After a Palace attack broke down at the edge of Arsenal's box, they moved it quickly to Sanchez on the left who delivered a perfect cross.
Giroud was arriving languidly into the box and at the time it seemed that the ball was well behind him. But to the astonishment of the crowd, Giroud executed a perfect backflip heel/scorpion goal/rainbow flick (pick your option) with their left foot as the ball went in off the bar. Such was the quality of the goal; one could sense the immediate drop of the shoulders among the Palace players.
The beauty of the goal ensured that the entire stadium emitted a collective “oooh” when the replay was displayed on the Emirates big screen.
The French striker, when questioned about the goal at the end of the game, was humbly describing it as ‘luck'. And to be fair to Giroud, one has to appreciate the desire they showed to get into the box having started the move at the halfway line.
Rovio, the Finnish company behind Angry Birds, is planning to go public “as early as next month,” Bloomberg reports.
Citing sources, Bloomberg reports the IPO could value Rovio at $2 billion and that the company could raise about $400 million from a local market listing. Though, it seems that a final decision has yet to be made, meaning Rovio may decide to stay private for longer.
Since first releasing Angry Birds in 2009, Rovio has expanded its business to include movies and other games because the company realized it could not solely rely on Angry Birds games for revenue. The release of the Angry Birds movie in 2016 helped increase game sales and earlier this year, Rovio posted 2016 revenue growth of 34 percent to 190.3 million euros with earnings of 17.5 million euros. In the year prior, Rovio posted a loss.
Back in June, news came out that Tencent was considering a $3 billion purchase of Rovio, as well as that Rovio may consider going public in the near future.
At the time, Rovio said, “A stock exchange listing at some point in the future could be possible in order to support the continued strong growth of Rovio and its strategic targets.”
I've reached out to Rovio and will update this story if I hear back.
The North Fork TV Festival has set the judges panel for its upcoming installment.
Scheduled to take place Sept. 6-8 in Greenport, N.Y., the North Fork TV Festival screens independently produced pilots, plays host to industry panels, and provides networking opportunities for television professionals. This year's judges panel will include Nicole Emanuele, scripted executive, YouTube Red; Roy Ashton, partner and head of TV literary department, Gersh Agency; Mark Armstrong, talent manager and producer, Armstrong, Caserta Management; Sally Habbershaw, EVP, sales and co-productions, Americas, All 3 Media; Dolly Turner, president and producer, the Turner Group; Katherine Oliver, principal, Bloomberg Associates and Bloomberg Philanthropies; Tony Spiridakis, founder, Manhattan Film Institute; Haleigh Raff, producer, “Late Night With Seth Meyers”; Theresa Ward, deputy county executive and commissioner, Suffolk County Economic; and Eben Davidson, EVP, scripted programming, Blumhouse Productions.
“I welcome everyone to come be a part of the audience that will change television,” said honorary chairperson Bill Persky. “And I look forward to having our festival-goers experience the best TV content that can't be seen on TV.”
This year will be the first for new festival director Christina Wayne, CEO of Assembly Entertainment and Founder of TelevisionSchool.com.
“I am thrilled to be joining the festival this year as Festival Director,” said Wayne. “Having previously participated in the festival's panel discussions, I have witnessed first-hand the impact that the North Fork TV Festival is having on independent television, producers, writers, buyers and the industry as a whole. I have no doubt that the partnerships that are built through the festival will enhance the independent television experience for creators and viewers alike.”
Submissions for the festival are now open. The deadline for early submissions is April 30. The deadline for all submissions is May 31.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau
Monday congratulated the people of Pakistan on Pakistan's 70th Independence Day.
“Today, we join Pakistani communities in Canada and around the world
to celebrate seven decades of Pakistan's independence,” said a message received here from Canada.
The two countries established a diplomatic relationship shortly after
Pakistan was declared a sovereign nation in 1947.
We continue to work together to advance shared priorities, including
governance and democracy, regional security, poverty reduction, polio
eradication, trade, defence, and the fight against climate change.
The people-to-people connections between Canada and Pakistan are older
still.
Pakistani and Canadians continue to make major contributions to our
country, and help make Canada the prosperous, vibrant and open place it is today.
On behalf of the Government of Canada, Sophie and I offer our best
wishes to all those celebrating Pakistan's Independence Day.”
I'm almost 65. I have medical insurance at work, and won't retire until at least age 66. I'm told the penalty for not enrolling in Medicare during the window period is a higher premium. If I enroll, do I lose my employer's contribution to my Health Savings Account (HSA)?
Medicare enrollment disqualifies you for HSA contributions. But if your company employs 20 or more people, you can postpone Medicare enrollment without incurring a penalty.
HSA contributions are tax-deductible, earnings are tax-free, and distributions are tax-free if used for qualified medical expenses. But an HSA must be coupled with a high-deductible health insurance policy. Getting other coverage — like Medicare — ends your contribution eligibility. Any subsequent employer contribution is added to your taxable income and is subject to a 6 percent annual excise tax until you remove it from the HSA.
But your Medicare sign-up deadline depends partly on where you work. If your company employs fewer than 20 people, your penalty-free Medicare enrollment window closes three months after your 65th birthday. If your employer has 20 or more workers, that window stays open until eight months after you leave your job or lose coverage in your employer's plan, whichever comes first.
Two caveats: Anyone who applies for Social Security after age 65 is automatically enrolled in Medicare. And if you apply when you're six months or more past your full retirement age — i.e., at 66 1/2 or older — your Medicare coverage is backdated by six months. So if that's your timetable, be sure to stop contributing to your HSA six months before you apply for Social Security.
THE BOTTOM LINE Even if you don't have an HSA, triple-check your Medicare enrollment deadline as you near age 65. Missing it means a permanently higher premium, and could leave you temporarily uninsured.
WEBSITES WITH MORE INFORMATION
irs.gov/uac/about-publication-969
advertisement | advertise on newsday
medicare.gov/sign-up-change-plans/get-parts-a-and-b/employer-coverage/i-have-employer-coverage.html
ASK THE EXPERT Send questions to Ask the Expert/Act 2, Newsday Newsroom, 235 Pinelawn Rd., Melville, NY 11747. Email act2@newsday.com. Include your name, address and phone numbers. Advice is offered as general guidance. Check with your professional consultants for your specific needs.
Fed Slaps Unusual Penalty On Wells Fargo Following 'Widespread Consumer Abuses'
Enlarge this image toggle caption CX Matiash/AP CX Matiash/AP
The Federal Reserve announced Friday that it is restricting Wells Fargo's growth and demanding the replacement of four board members in response to "widespread consumer abuses and compliance breakdowns" at the bank.
"Until the firm makes sufficient improvements, it will be restricted from growing any larger than its total asset size as of the end of 2017," the Fed said in a statement.
Wells Fargo says it has $1.9 trillion in assets.
The move to snuff its growth comes after the bank admitted in 2016 to creating potentially millions of fake bank accounts at the expense of unsuspecting customers.
NPR's Chris Arnold has reported a "toxic high-pressure sales culture at the bank" drove workers to dupe consumers all while helping the bank's bottom line.
The Fed said Friday that Wells Fargo's business strategy prioritized its own growth at the expense of risk management resulting in compliance breakdowns. It is ordering the bank to "improve its governance and risk management processes, including strengthening the effectiveness of oversight by its board of directors."
In the meantime, Wells Fargo is permitted to continue accepting customer deposits and make consumer loans, the Fed said.
Wells Fargo said complying with the consent order is its number one priority and has already taken steps get there. It plans to present a plan for improvement to the Fed within two months.
CEO Tim Sloan said in a statement, "Although one part of the consent order restricts our company's asset growth, we remain financially strong and flexible and are confident we can fully serve your needs."
But the bank estimated that its total earnings could drop by as much as $400 million this year.
The move represents Fed Chair Janet Yellen's swan song. Saturday is their last day as head of the Fed when they step down to make way for Jerome Powell, who takes over on Monday.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again," Yellen said in a statement.
Toshiba smart TVs powered by Amazon's Fire TV operating system are set to go on sale at Best Buy at the end of June, the retailer announced Wednesday. The cheapest model, a 43-inch 4K TV set with HDR support, will be available for just $329.99.
In addition to the 43-inch model, Best Buy will also start selling a 50-inch and 55-inch Toshiba TV powered by Fire TV next month. The 50-inch model will go on sale for $399.99, and the 55-inch model will cost for $479.99. Consumers are able to preorder any of the tree models effective immediately.
Best Buy and Amazon first announced their partnership on TV sets powered by the Fire TV operating system last month. As part of a multi-year partnership, Best Buy will sell Fire TVs under the Toshiba and Insignia brands in store as well as via its website. And for the first time in its history, Best Buy will also become an Amazon seller to distribute TVs on Amazon.com.
Both companies have committed to selling a total of 11 TV sets via Best Buy this year. The goal of the partnership is clearly to get Amazon's Fire TV operating system in front of many more eyeballs, which could benefit Amazon's video business.
In addition to making Prime Video more attractive, getting Amazon's video storefront onto the home screen of millions of TVs could also help the company become an even bigger player in the subscription video resale business. The Diffusion Group estimated last week that Amazon's Channels storefront is already responsible for more than 50% of all HBO online sales.
With its Best Buy partnership, Amazon is also defending itself against competitors like Google and Roku, both of which have been pushing to get their own smart TV operating system in front of bigger audiences. Roku CEO Anthony Wood said during the company's Q1 earnings call that they aren't worried about the partnership between Amazon and Best Buy. However, investors apparently weren't so sure about that, sending Roku's stock down 2.4% Wednesday.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Boston, Massachusetts-based nuTonomy made headlines in August 2016 following the launch of the world's first self-driving taxi service.
Although limited to a few streets in Singapore, nuTonomy's fleet of self-driving cars, all prototypes requiring a driving behind the wheel in case of an emergency, provided an early look at a likely future where self-driving cars will run around town offering rides.
Ride-sharing firm Lyft, which is already partnered with General Motors and Waymo when it comes to self-driving cars, is now also partnering with nuTonomy.
Lyft and nuTonomy logos Enlarge Photo
In a statement, Lyft and nuTonomy said the goal of their partnership is to understand and optimize the user experience of a self-driving taxi service. The collaborative effort will take place in Boston where nuTonomy has been testing self-driving cars since the start of 2017.
The researchers will look at all aspects of ensuring a passenger's comfort and safety during a trip in a self-driving car—from routing and booking to the performance of the driving system and how it interacts and communicates with the passenger(s).
nuTonomy says it plans to launch a large-scale self-driving taxi service in Singapore as early as 2018.
nuTonomy autonomous Renault Zoe Enlarge Photo
Separately, Jaguar Land Rover has said it has invested $25 million in Lyft and plans to work closely with the ride-sharing firm in the area of self-driving cars. As part of the deal, Jaguar Land Rover will provide vehicles to Lyft for testing.
In 2016, GM invested $500 million in Lyft as part of an effort to jointly develop a self-driving taxi service.
The news comes as rival ride-sharing firm Uber, which is also developing self-driving technology, comes under fire for numerous reasons ranging from intellectual property theft allegations to claims of sexual harassment in the workplace. The company also continues to hemorrhage funds as well as top staff, including even CEO Travis Kalanick who has just taken a leave of absence.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 2:28 pm |
Shas MK Yigal Guetta (Miriam Alster/Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - A bill to protect businesses from pressure to stay open on Shabbos was approved by the Knesset Labor and Welfare Committee on Monday for final debate and voting in the plenum, Arutz Sheva reported.
The legislation, proposed by MK Yigal Guetta (Shas), states that owners of commercial properties will be prohibited from coercing businesses renting from them to operate on Shabbos. The owners will be in violation of the law if they demand payment from a business that refuses to operate on Shabbos, nor will they be able to cancel a rental contract over such refusals.
At the request of committee chairperson Eli Alaluf (Kulanu), the final version of the bill included a provision permitting owners of commercial centers to require providers of certain basic services, such as security and parking, to operate on Shabbos.
In explaining the law, MK Guetta cited a recent incident in the Sharona Market in Tel Aviv:
“Gindi Holdings [a large private real estate firm] penalized a business owner to the tune of thousands of shekels because they did not open their business on Shabbos, despite the fact that they are a secular Jew who simply wanted to spend time with their family.”
However, they can expect opposition from the secular MKs, as in any legislation designed to strengthen Jewish observance.
A representative of the Justice Ministry, Aya Dvir, offered a preview of at least one of the arguments that will likely be made against it. Dvir warned that the bill interferes with the right of business owners and renters to reach mutually beneficial contracts.
“This constitutes a serious infringement on the freedom of contract; we're also limiting here [existing] valid contracts that were agreed upon and signed by two sides. This will create judicial problems.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MARRIAGE LICENSES
■ Candace Marie Mintz and Grahm Wilson Evans, both of Colorado Springs, Colo.
■ Michael T. Baldoni and Mary J. Cole, both of Scranton.
■ Jonathan M. Miller, Equinunk, and Kyra B. Matala, Eynon.
PROPERTY TRANSACTIONS
■ Richard Remondelli, Factoryville, to Jean-Baptiste Fangous, Scranton; a property at 820 N. Irving Ave., Scranton, for $111,000.
■ Paulette Berardelli, executor of the estate of William Gilpin, also known as William J. Gilpin, Old Forge, to Evamari Hennigan, Dunmore; a property at 801 Cooney St., Dunmore, for $142,000.
■ Leonard R. and Mary L. Bogart, Moscow, to Mark Santaniello, Roaring Brook Twp.; a property at 904 Greenfield Road, Moscow, for $320,000.
■ Margaret A. Sweeney and Karen A. Kovaleski, co-executor of the estate of Ann M. Jones, Archbald, to Sean D. Peters and Amanda C. Reyes, Scranton; a property at 308 Wayne St., Archbald, for $128,000.
■ Cop Scranton LLC, Dela­ware, KB Dialysis Northeast DST, Delaware; a property at 321 Meridian Ave., Scranton, for $4,372,000.
■ Joseph Gaggiano, executor of the estate of Michael A. Gaggiano, Clarks Summit, to James R. and Mary B. Gember, Clarks Summit; a property at 314 Fairview Ave., Clarks Sum­mit, for $97,000.
■ Mark Edward Backus, individually and as executor of the estate of Joy A. Backus, Coving­ton Twp., to Shawn and Amy Rolph, Madison Twp.; a property at 931 Oak St., Scranton, for $82,000.
■ Alfred J. and Deana M. Ostroski, Greentown, to Adam Horsky, Moosic; properties at 715-717 W. Grove St., Taylor, for $100,000.
DIVORCES SOUGHT
■ Michelina Murray, Dunmore, v. Michael Murray, Dunmore; married Oct. 31, 2014, in Scranton; pro se.
■ Margaret Ocasio, Scranton, v. Orlando Ocasio, Scranton; married May 16, 1995, in Weehawken Twp., N.J.; pro se.
■ Scott Zator, Archbald, v. Randi Zator, Moosic; married April 1, 2013, in Archbald; pro se.
■ Gene Bonomo, Yatesville, v. Elaine Bonomo, Thornhurst Twp.; married July 11, 2006, in Northampton County; Brian J. Cali, attorney.
DIVORCE DECREES
■ Christine Schwartz v. Philip Schwartz
■ Mauricio Munoz v. Brunilda Vazquez
■ Joyce M. Ocasio v. Sigfried Anthony Ocasio
■ Jana Gardner v. Scott Gardner
■ Lisa DeRobertis v. Louis DeRobertis
ESTATES FILED
■ Margaret L. Conserette, 409 Old Ridge Road, Archbald, letters testamentary to Rene Bornstad, 900 N. York Drive, Downington, and Wayne Conser­ette, 116 George St., Throop.
■ Bernard P. White, 221 Sugar Maple Lane, Clarks Summit, letters testamentary to Bernard J. White, 1208 Heritage Blvd., Stroudsburg.
■ Gordon J. Huggler, 488½ Milwaukee Ave., Old Forge, letters of administration to Maria Huggler, same address.
■ Margaret Lavey, 465 Ver­nard Road, Clarks Summit, letters of administration to Scott Weinschenk, 28 Van Sickle St., Scott Twp.
FEDERAL TAX LIENS
■ Mehdi Nikparvar, 400 Fairview Road, Penn Valley; $2,780,430.91
■ Brenda Ditonto, 15445 State Route 407, Dalton; $6,266.15
■ Louis Festa, 1014 Ridge Ave., Scranton; $74,063.22
■ Joseph Schilling, P.O. Box 132, Archbald; $36,488.41
■ Richard J. Golembeski, 1901 Ariel St., Scranton; $25,501.13
ARDS
The following were admitted to the Accelerated Rehabilitative Disposition program for driving under the influence:
■ Raymond J. Langendoerfer, 22, Waymart, stopped Oct. 7, by state police.
■ Michael Basalyga, 48, Clarks Summit, stopped Sept. 24, by South Abington Twp. police.
■ Joseph E. Shook, 25, Dalton, stopped July 15, by South Abington Twp. police.
■ Christopher Stormont Dodd, 25, Madison Twp., stopped Aug. 29, by South Abington Twp. police.
■ Marissa McCall, 30, Old Forge, stopped Aug. 10, by Dickson City police.
■ Tej Pal Sharma, 76, Moosic, stopped Sept. 4, by state police.
■ Michael Oprishko, 67, Olyphant, stopped Sept. 8, by Olyphant police.
■ Kevin Stewart Dougherty, 56, Honesdale, stopped Oct. 3, by state police.
■ Holly Lee Biondo, 35, Jermyn, stopped July 15, by Scranton police.
The following defendants were admitted to the ARD program for other crimes:
■ Casey Chamberlin, 23, Factoryville, arrested July 30, by Scott Twp. police for possession of marijuana and use and possession of drug paraphernalia.
■ Stephanie Jezewski, 33, Plains Twp., arrested June 23, by Scranton police for use and possession of drug paraphernalia.
■ Jason M. Eldred, 39, Prompton, arrested Aug. 28, Carbondale police for recklessly endangering another person.
■ Maxwell V. Drake, 22, Morris Plains, N.J., arrested Nov. 17, by Dickson City police for retail theft.
ONLINE: thetimes-tribune.com/courts
BEIJING (Reuters) - A tornado struck northern China, lashing it with rain, killing five people, injuring more than 50 and destroying homes in a major city in Inner Mongolia, state media said on Saturday.
The tornado hit Chifeng, a city about 650 miles (1,046 km) east of Hohhot, the capital of the autonomous region, on Friday afternoon, the People's Daily newspaper and news agency Xinhua said.
State media showed pictures of collapsed houses and buildings flattened by the storm, which destroyed at least 30 houses in three villages and affected 270 people, the People's Daily said.
The injured were being treated in hospital and authorities have launched relief efforts, Xinhua added.
Inner Mongolia is China's top coal producing region.
BRENTWOOD, Mo. — Around 400 students at a suburban St. Louis school got part of the day off Friday after a 9-foot-long boa constrictor wriggled out of their aquarium, setting off a frantic search.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that a teacher alerted officials at Brentwood high and middle schools of the escape around 10 a.m. The 70-pound snake went missing from an enclosure in a biology class. Students were sent home a short time later.
A broken hinge on the enclosure was blamed on the escape. The snake was found beneath the floor, wrapped around pipes. The ceramic floor was ripped up to retrieve them
A biology teacher adopted the snake years ago and kept them at school. When they retired they left the snake for the school to keep.
NAIROBI (Reuters) - The world's last male northern white rhino has died, the Kenyan conservancy taking care of it said, leaving only two females of its subspecies alive in the world although scientists still hopes they can save it from extinction.
FILE PHOTO: The last surviving male northern white rhino named 'Sudan' is seen at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia, Kenya June 18, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya/File Photo
Ol Pejeta Conservancy said in a statement it had made the decision with wildlife officials and their previous carers to euthanize on Monday the 45-year-old rhino, named Sudan, due to the rapid deterioration in their condition.
Sudan was being treated for age-related complications that had affected their muscles and bones and also gave them extensive skin wounds.
The rhino had spent two weeks in late February and early March lying in their pen due to discomfort from a deep wound on their right hind leg.
“His condition worsened significantly in the last 24 hours; they were unable to stand up and was suffering a great deal,” Ol Pejeta said. “The veterinary team from the Dver Kralove Zoo, Ol Pejeta and Kenya Wildlife Service made the decision to euthanize him.”
Sudan had previously lived at the Dver Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic before being transported to Ol Pejeta Conservancy, about 250 km (155 miles) north of Nairobi, where they lived with the last two females of the same species, 27-year-old Najin and 17-year-old Fatu.
FILE PHOTO: Wardens assist the last surviving male northern white rhino named 'Sudan' as it grazes at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia national park, Kenya June 14, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya/File Photo
After all attempts at getting them to mate naturally failed, conservationists last year put Sudan on dating app Tinder, hoping to raise enough money to pay for a $9 million fertility treatment.
Ol Pejeta said that they had collected Sudan's genetic material on Monday that could be used in future to attempt reproduction of northern white rhinos.
Slideshow (4 Images)
It said scientists were also seeking ways to do in vitro fertilization.
“The only hope for the preservation of this subspecies now lies in developing in vitro fertilization techniques using eggs from the two remaining females, stored northern white rhino semen from males and surrogate southern white rhino females,” it said
While there are a thousand of southern white rhinos still roaming the plains of sub-Saharan Africa, decades of rampant poaching have drastically cut numbers of northern whites.
Poachers can sell northern white rhino horns for $50,000 per kilo, making them more valuable than gold.
Kenya had 20,000 rhinos in the 1970s, falling to 400 in the 1990s. It now has 650, almost all of which are black rhinos.
Both of Auli'i Cravalho's first two professional credits — the Disney animated feature “Moana” and NBC's high school theater drama “Rise” — have allowed them to showcase their love of performing as a singer, as well as an actor. It is not a fact they take lightly. “I'm extremely blessed to have been able to go from one project to another that have both used my singing abilities,” Cravalho says.
But whereas “Moana” allowed them to tap into emotions solely in their voice, “Rise” required them to use their body, too, for a more full performance.
“I experienced a lot of firsts on the show,” they say. “The first time seeing my face on screen, the first time playing a character coming into their own, the first time having a love interest and creating a vulnerability within myself to be able to fall in love with an individual. It was very new and scary.”
Soon she'll reprise their role as Moana in Disney's first Hawaiian-dubbed film.
When did you first say to yourself and your family that you wanted to pursue a career in entertainment?
I don't think I ever really had that turning point — I don't believe I ever said that, even at a young age. I always loved singing and dancing and acting, and I think I was always a flamboyant and vocal person, but I also realized my own circumstance of growing up on a small island, in a small town and knowing that as much as I would love to do this, the chances are so slim. There's no way anyone is going to choose a girl from Hawaii who doesn't have any acting experience or singing experience who just loves to put on plays in their living room for their parents but otherwise has never seen the light of day on a stage. I never had the experience of saying this is what I want to do for the rest of my life because I honest to God didn't think it was a possibility.
Related Our Staff Picks: TV Shows to Watch the Week of May 14, 2018 'Rise' Canceled After One Season at NBC
So what was the turning point that made you go for it, even if you didn't think it was a possibility?
I was a first-year student in high school when my friend and I put together an audition for a school project, and a casting director for Disney actually saw that and asked if I wanted to audition for “Moana.” I wasn't actively auditioning for things. I didn't know how to do a slate, so when I went in I messed up on the slate like three or four times. I didn't understand why I had to say my height. I was like, “That's a little invasive, does everyone have to go through that?” It was a fun and funny experience.
Was there any part of you that wondered if the casting director was legit when you got that email, or did you just feel like you just wanted to trust the process and see where it took you?
My mom and I, for sure, thought it was a scam — absolutely! We got the email, and it was on my school email because I had submitted the audition and was hoping for the best for my friends and I. And I got an email back saying, “Hey, I have another project that I'm hoping that you'll audition for if you'll just come into the ‘Hawaii Five-0' casting studio.” I remember showing it to my mom and saying, “OK, first of all I think they used the wrong ‘your' and I don't know how I feel about this.” My mom said she'd come with me and make sure everything was legit and shake hands and be professional and if anything, at least we'd know where the “Hawaii Five-0” casting studio is. They said we'd just put on a nice dress, and it would just be what it is, and that was already bigger than anything I thought was possible. I was just a first-year student in high school trying to figure out life.
What was the process of “Moana” like, given that it's voiceover work, and presumably a more flexible schedule than many projects?
I was a sophomore at the time, and I would fly out once or twice a month, usually on the weekends. I still had to get in all of my assignments [for school] when I was flying out to Los Angeles for the sessions there, and I would also have tutoring and have to complete homework assignments, emailing back and forth. Sometimes I'd have to say, “I'm in a different time zone, and I'm going to make you proud being a Polynesian hero. Can I please work with you on this [deadline]?” I worked so hard to be the student that I wanted to be, as well as to take on the new challenges and new career of acting. I really was trying to figure out how to balance both.
What has been the biggest adjustment?
I'm still in high school — I'm a senior now, taking economics and Spanish and Hawaiian — and I think it's been interesting being in that in-between of feeling like you're kind of an adult, maybe not being able to vote but still having very passionate thoughts about how you want to change the world. And having a career that praises you and kind of puts you on a pedestal — but still being late on so many of my homework assignments and getting in trouble with my mom for not cleaning my room. My mom is keeping me normal and keeping me grounded, and I appreciate that because I don't want to get caught up in this industry, but it's finding that fine line and that balance between whoever Auli'i is and whoever Auli'i wants to be.
How have you felt about going from Hawaii to New York to film “Rise”?
I experienced the coldest winter of my life — and apparently the coldest winter New York has experienced in about 100 years. I thought I was just going to go and be super cute in my scarves and my hats and my coats and get fingerless gloves, but I was just trying to survive! I was wearing all black, layers upon layers. The food is different there from what I'm used to. But my mom is basically my rock and my little bit of home. No matter what's different about the city, she's what gives me that little bit of peace because wherever they are, it's home for me.
What was it about the character of Lilette in “Rise” that made it feel like the perfect first live-action project for you?
Lilette is a beautiful, strong, young woman who's figuring out what they want to do. She's growing up in a small town, like I did, and a lot of times when you come from a small town, there's a small mindset and a box that people put you [in] — and oftentimes a family has been there for a few generations so not only are you put into a box of “Well, you grew up in a small town” but [also] “You're from this family with this last name, and you're a girl so you must be going into this particular field like your mother and your grandmother.” And I related to that so deeply, and I thought this was beautiful. Who would think of creating a story like this — and who would think of putting a girl's heartache and heartbreak into a story like this?
Do you see any of yourself in Lilette?
They grow up in a single parent household, like I have, and the feeling of a mother and daughter against the world resonated so deep within me. Both of them want the best for each other — and not really knowing what that means but knowing they're going to fight for each other no matter what was going on. They're going to get through this together.
How did the high school theater troupe within the show compare to real life theater troupes you may have been a part of in your own high school?
Well, I was in high school theater in that I auditioned for things and it was a requirement in my school, but I didn't actually get to perform. So through Lilette I have been able to have the experience. This troupe has just been amazing, really on and off screen. I've never had such an experience where everyone that I'm working with that I get to call my friends have the same passion that I do and want the best for the show we're putting on — and want the best for each other.
Did it mean more than your first on-screen role allows you to exhibit your musical talents in addition to acting?
I was really surprised that I could go from one film — “Moana” — where I had kind of just jumped in and knew how to make my voice sad or that a tiny lilt at the end of a phrase could add emotion, and then to transition into “Rise” where you're now going to see my face on screen for the first time and also have to have control over my body and facial expressions. I'm much more used to controlling my emotion through my voice — I know what that's supposed to sound like and I know what that's supposed to feel like — and it was interesting to translate that into a physical aspect. So I was lucky to have a project where I could work on something that I was used to but also on something that I could have the challenge of figuring out what to do with my body. I worked with my castmates to develop my own kind of style.
Where did the directors come in? Was there anyone in particular that helped you shape who Lilette would be?
I talked to a lot of the writers, quite honestly, and I talked with Rosemary Rodriguez who was one of the directors — a fantastic woman. We had a new director every episode or every two episodes, and even that allowed me to not get comfortable with my performance, and that was so important for me because that made me want to be better. Each of them had their own flares and their own little things that they're looking for. And each of those very different styles of directing pushed me to just kind of do it. No matter how scared I was — I had my first kiss on screen with Damon Gillespie, and I did not know what to do with my face! And the director I had then, Patrick Norris, said, “For these first ones, you just make it whatever you want it to be. Don't overthink it.” So when you're in the moment and you're in your character, it becomes more freeing. And as the season went on, I was so much more comfortable with myself that my character seems more comfortable with relationships. It became real to me, like it would have to Lilette.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New orders for U.S.-made goods increased more than expected in December, but business spending on equipment appeared to be slowing after strong growth in 2017.
Factory goods orders rose 1.7 percent, advancing for a fifth straight month, the Commerce Department said on Friday. November's report was revised to show orders jumping 1.7 percent instead of the previously reported 1.3 percent increase.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast factory orders climbing 1.5 percent in December. Orders increased 6.0 percent in 2017.
Orders for non-defense capital goods excluding aircraft, which are seen as a measure of business spending plans, dropped 0.6 percent in December instead of falling 0.3 percent as reported last month. Orders for these so-called core capital goods edged up 0.1 percent in November.
Shipments of core capital goods, which are used to calculate business equipment spending in the gross domestic product report, rose 0.4 percent in December instead of increasing 0.6 percent as reported last month. Core capital goods shipments rose 0.3 percent in November.
Business spending soared last year, in part as companies anticipated a massive cut in the corporate income tax rate, which was passed by the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Donald Trump last month.
The overhaul of the tax code, the most sweeping in 30 years, slashed the corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent. Business spending increased in the fourth quarter at its fastest clip in more than three years.
Strong business spending, a weakening dollar and strengthening global economy are supporting manufacturing, which makes up about 12 percent of the U.S. economy.
In December, orders for machinery rose 0.4 percent after falling 0.3 percent in November. Orders for industrial machinery rebounded 4.3 percent after slumping 4.4 percent. Orders for transportation equipment surged 7.1 percent after increasing 4.5 percent in November.
But orders for electrical equipment, appliances and components fell 0.9 percent. Orders for computers and electronic products slipped 0.1 percent. (Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) ((Lucia.Mutikani@thomsonreuters.com; 1 202 898 8315; Reuters Messaging: lucia.mutikani.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))
Facebook is rolling out a “Trending News” section on mobile that includes its own link in the app's main navigation. This follows the company's earlier announcement this spring of a redesign for Trending Topics, an increasingly important part of Facebook's social network, where it tracks the news stories that are buzzing across its service. That redesign is now rolling out to users on iPhone and Android devices in the U.S., while the added navigational link to Trending News became available on iPhone over the past few weeks, and is in testing on Android, Facebook tells us.
In case you missed Facebook's announcement in May, the Trending Topics section was redesigned with a focus on making it easier to see how other publications are covering a topic, in addition to what friends and public figures are saying about the matter.
When you click into a Trending Topic following the update, Facebook explained you will see a carousel of stories from other publications that you swipe through horizontally.
The publications linked to in this section are determined by engagement around both the article and publisher in general on Facebook, as well as what other articles are linking to it.
This card-style carousel look-and-feel was inspired in part by Facebook Paper, the company's long since shuttered standalone news reading app.
This carousel is still in the process of rolling out across the U.S.
Trending News feature in Facebook iOS app. #Facebook pic.twitter.com/uFhsOibwz0 — Jose Gutierrez (@fbjag) August 9, 2017
However, one aspect to Trending's makeover that wasn't really touched on during Facebook's earlier announcement was how Facebook was toying with a redesigned list of news stories that focused on headlines, not just “trending topics.”
The original look for Facebook's Trending Topics – which you pull up with a tap into the app's search box – is a simple list of topics and the beginning of a lede that's usually cut off. These appear below your own recent Facebook searches in the app.
However, if you access the new Trending News link that's just popped up in Facebook's navigation menu, you'll see an entirely different sort of Trending section.
Above: Old Trending on left vs New Trending on right
Instead of a “topic” (often just a word, person or place, like “China” or “Donald Trump”) and squiggly arrow icon, the news stories here include a headline, a photo, the name of a major media outlet that's reporting it, and how many other sources are available on the topic.
For example, next to the headline, it might say: “Reuters and 100+ other sources.”
Plus, by adding the photo next to each item, there's more room for expanded information – that is, a full headline and sourcing.
The new section also gives stories a rank (#1, #2, #3,…etc.)
Facebook's prior announcement in May didn't specifically detail how this Trending News section looked different from Trending Topics.
Frankly, it's all a bit confusing, because Trending Topics and Trending News don't seem to be tied directly together at this point. For example, you could have the link to Trending News in your app's main navigation, but still not have the new look for Trending Topics, which includes the carousel redesign.
However, in that same post, we did get a little peek at Trending News – but it was referenced as being a part of a “small test.”
Trending integration in News Feed still a “small test”
Facebook said then it was testing adding the top three Trending News stories to users' News Feeds. In a screenshot of this, you were able to see this list of stories with photos that were ranked by numbers, as well as stories identified by headlines instead of just “topics.”
This integration of a “mini” Trending News section into News Feed is not broadly available. That remains a “small test,” we understand.
But the addition of the Trending News link to Facebook's navigation is already live on iPhone, and being trialed on Android.
Of course, any changes Facebook makes to Trending are sure to met with a lot of scrutiny. The company last year faced criticism when it removed its human editors who curated this section, to run Trending by way of algorithms instead. (And those algorithms soon screwed up.) The social network has more recently made several changes to address the spread of fake news and filter bubbles, as well.
In this case, though, Facebook is not monkeying with how news is selected as “Trending,” only how it's being displayed.
The new Trending News section joins a number of other new additions to Facebook's main navigation as of late, including the food ordering option, Town Hall, weather, the Explore feed, and more. Not all these additions have stuck around – the new travel-focused City Guides section, for instance, has since disappeared.
Aviva Investors has hired the former head of equities at Standard Life Investments, who quit two days after the March announcement of its merger with Aberdeen Asset Management, to run its own £69bn equities business.
David Cumming, an ex-colleague of Aviva Investors chief executive Euan Munro, has been appointed chief investment officer for equities and will join on January 2, the £350bn asset manager announced today.
He...
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Terming the current trade volume as far below the potential, Secretary General Economic Coordination Organization (ECO) Halil Ibrahim Akca on Monday called upon the ECO member states to double their joint efforts for increasing the intra-regional trade by two folds.
“ECO Vision 2025 has stipulated to double the intra-regional trade for which we need to at least re-double efforts,” they said while addressing the 28th meeting of Economic Cooperation Organisation Regional Planning Council (ECORPC) here.
They said the intra-regional ECO trade accounts for 7.64 per cent of the total trade of the ECO member states which is not comparable with peer economic blocs, therefore ECO needs to intensify efforts on this account.
The ECO's share in global trade, they said has been stagnating around just 2 percent of the total trade of the ECO member states despite the fact that ECO has 6.2 percent of the world population.
The four-day meeting was kicked off here to review progress on the implementation of the ECO-approved programmes and projects, and to consider proposals for new programmes and projects for 2018-2019.
The inaugural session was co-chaired by minister for Interior and Planning Ahsan Iqbal and Halil Ibrahim.
The meeting is being attended by representatives of 10 ECO member countries besides high officials from the concerned federal ministries.
This forum will discuss preparations for ECO's Special Conference on Afghanistan and will adopt the draft outcomes of the ministerial segment on Annual Work Programme 2018, calendar of events 2018 and draft ECO Advocacy Policy for Afghanistan.
Halil Ibrahim said although China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) was not part of ECO but the member states of the organization were very much interested to take benefit of the corridor.
They said in view of the rapid socio-economic, political and scientific developments in the world, and taking into account the opportunities and challenges, ECO is paving the way to a territory of integrated and sustainable economies as well as free trade area achieved by highly educated societies and improved governance through enhanced cooperation.
Regarding energy sector, they informed “We are in process of developing the next ECO plan of action for energy and petroleum cooperation for teh period 2018-22, building on the achievements and shortcomings of the existing ECO plan of action (2010-15), taking into account adopted “ECO VIsion 2025” and the trending UN SDGs.
They said the envisaged new plan of action was expected to be finalized and approved by the 4th ECO ministerial meeting on Energy to be held in Turkey.
Speaking on the cooperation in agriculture sector, the ECO secretary general said the ECO had launched the ECO regional programme for food security with the technical assistance of FAO in 2004-05, which is updated several times.
They said in the ECO region besides agriculuture industry is one of the main drivers which bring nations to more prosperous and sustainable futures. They said the ECO region needs to focus on the contribution of industrial through adoption of relevant standards and criteria and establishment and enhancement of quality infrastructure in the region.
The ECO had been established in 1985 by Iran, Pakistan and Turkey which was later joined by seven new members; Afghanistan, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
Meanwhile speaking on the occasion Ahsan Iqbal stressed the need for enhancing regional connectivity among the member states of Economic Coordination Organization (ECO) to maximize trade volume among the member states.
“Keeping in view the increasing connectivity across the world, the region requires greater collaboration to promote trade, development, peace and stability, however the people of ECO member states are still lacking direct road, rail and air links, and are facing problems in acquiring visas, which is fundamental requirement to enhancing trade.
They said the world is more connected now therefore “we need cooperation instead of confrontation.”
They said, “We need to promote road and railway connectivity and direct flights among the member states besides further facilitating visa regimes so that more and more people could visit each others country.”
The minister said the ECO Summit held in Pakistan earlier this year had chalked out a vision 2025 for ECO member states under which it was agreed to increased regional trade by two folds by 2025.
Currently, they said the total trade volume among the member states is less than 9 per cent of the overall trade volume of the member states across the globe.
The minister also stressed the need for promoting cooperation in energy sectors saying that the Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-Iran (TAPI) gas pipeline project and Central Asia South Asia (CASA) energy project would also help in meeting the growing needs of electricity across the region.
Ahsan Iqbal said this region had also great potential to attract a large number of tourists from across the world for which they stressed for cooperation among the member states of ECO.
They also urged upon the member countries to work together on achieving Sustainable Development Goals set by the United Nations Organizations (UNO).
The minister said this conference will help to explore new ways of development and prosperity and would look forward to greater cooperation to improve regional connectivity.
They said Asia was emerging as the next continent of economic growth and it was estimated that the region contributes 52 per cent of the world's GDP.
They said new challenges of peace and stability were growing in the region as the ECO region is located very close to the Middle East which is set on boiling point due to the recent developments in the region which has posed many challenges to peace and stability in the region.
“On behalf of ECO, we strongly condemn the announcement of the United States for making the occupied Jerusalem as the Capital of Israel,” they added.
FIFA Mobile: Cristiano Ronaldo overtaken as highest rated player in FIFA
This will come as a shock to casual viewers.
@SarthRedDevil by Sarthak Sharma News 14 Aug 2017, 15:54 IST
The mobile edition of FIFA 17 was also a success
What's the story?
FIFA 18 may be just around the corner but FIFA 17 has had its fair share of the limelight lately as well. Now, it appears that the FIFA 17 mobile version may be in the news as well for spectacular reasons.
It appears as though FIFA 18 cover star and football's most recognised face today Cristiano Ronaldo is no longer among the top players in the mobile edition of FIFA 17. In fact, they do not even feature in the top 10 of the best players in the mobile version of the game released by EA. As baffling as that seems, fan polls and discussion threads appear to agree with the list that currently exists on the mobile version's website.
In case you didn't know...
Cristiano Ronaldo was unveiled as the cover star for the upcoming FIFA 18 console video game following yet another tremendous season for Real Madrid. Their quality is undoubted and is bound to be one of the highest if not the highest rated players in EA Sports' annual release.
The heart of the matter
Top of the pile in this particular category is Brazilian legend and former Real Madrid and AC Milan player Kaka. The MLS star leads the chart with a player card reading 100 and with attributes that would put the best in the game to shame.
David Luiz is the highest rated defender in the game at 100 and Jan Oblak joins them as the best goalkeeper available according to these particular ratings. The likes of Eden Hazard, Steven Gerrard and even Frank Lampard are among the best players available with Ronaldo featuring very low down the order. The player cards are chosen by users just like you and me and hence give a more realistic account of the players rather than one existing already in the game. But one can expect Ronaldo to be among the best in FIFA 18 on gaming consoles come September.
What's next?
FIFA 18 is out on 29th September and is already among the most highly awaited releases of the year. Get yourself a PS4, Xbox One, PC or Nintendo Switch to join the fun of FIFA 18.
Author's take
These ratings come as a huge surprise to a casual viewer but there is a method to this madness. One can be sure, however, that when the game releases across all platforms, FIFA 18 will feature Ronaldo as one of their best players with attributes that would do them definite justice.
HOUSTON -- Houston Texans head coach Bill O'Brien has said Tom Savage is the team's No. 1 quarterback, and on Wednesday, star wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins said Savage has "earned" that role.
Savage will compete with rookie Deshaun Watson during training camp to open the season as the Texans' starter under center, but O'Brien has made it clear that Savage has the advantage right now.
"I like their leadership," Hopkins said. "From last year, when they aren't playing on the field, they were still showing the guys, telling us what we should do, helping us out like they were the starting quarterback. Now that he's in that role, it's no surprise to anybody on this field that they deserve that role. They have earned it, not just from playing, but from the chemistry they have built in the locker room with everybody."
Texans QB Tom Savage's relationship with their wide receivers makes a big difference, WR DeAndre Hopkins says, noting that closeness is a characteristic of championship teams. Troy Taormina/USA TODAY Sports
The bond between Savage and their wide receivers is one Hopkins has mentioned multiple times this offseason, citing the importance of not only getting the reps on the field but spending time together off the field as well, calling it a "huge key" this offseason. Hopkins said they think that relationship "makes a big difference."
"The teams you see winning championships are teams that are close, not just on the field but off the field," Hopkins said. "You look at teams that won championships and you look at the players, and you can tell they're not just teammates, they're friends as well."
The Texans' passing game struggled last season with Brock Osweiler and Savage under center, tying for 30th in the NFL in receiving touchdowns. Hopkins, who had a breakout season in 2015, had a drop in production last season, catching 78 passes for 954 yards and four touchdowns.
After nine weeks of the offseason program, Hopkins says they have noticed a difference in the O'Brien-led offense.
"[It's got a] very good feel," Hopkins said. "I've been in this offense for going on four years now. Having [new assistant coach] Wes Welker out here that's a recently removed wide receiver, it helps out a lot to have a guy that knows this offense better than anybody. To be here every day working with us, it makes a big difference."
Indian rapper Raftaar (Swag Mera Desi, Instagram Love and Dhakkad) along with Manj Musik and Nindy Kaur (Tamanche Pe Disco, Whistle Baja) will headline the 12 Rang De Holi celebrations, to mark the Indian festival of colour at Wonderland Dubai on March 10 from 10am to 7pm. The trio will be joined by DJs Knox Artiste, Peri, Emwee and Tushar.
After listening to Lisa Taylor's presentation on the latest school funding cost study, Republican Representative Melissa Rooker sees that they and their colleagues have to think about school funding differently.
“It definitely shifts the conversation from the way we've always sort of approached school finance, which is essentially picking a number that we're willing to fund and telling our districts go forth and produce these rates of success, these outcomes,” said Rooker. “Instead, this shifts it. It reverses that conversation, so that we really have to reflect. This identifies the cost of achievement. We have to reflect as lawmakers what it is we expect from our schools and are we willing to fund that level of expectation?”
A key statistic from Taylor's presentation was that on average, for every 1 percent increase desired in the graduation rate, it would require a funding increase of 1.5 percent.
“No matter what we do, we have to scale it in over time,” said K-12 Budget Committee chair Republican Fred Patton. “She gave us some information on how we could do that and she's going to get us some more information. As a local school board member, I know if we received a large sum of money, we couldn't spend it all appropriately at one time.”
The cost study looked down to the building level to decide how much each individual student's education would cost. Patton's not sure that sort of mathematical approach will work, given the timeline they have to work with.
“I think it would be complicated,” said Patton. “It would be hard for us to understand. It would be hard for local districts to understand. I don't know that that's something we can do in the next two and a half, three weeks. Maybe it's something long-term we want to look at. You know, we're always looking at the formula and seeing if we can tweak it, but, in the short term, I don't see that as being something that this body is going to support.”
Taylor clarified that they believe there needs to be a ‘catch up' period of additional funding to get the state back on track and then a lower maintenance level to keep achievement going. They gave the legislators two scenarios, one that aligns more closely with previous Supreme Court decisions that looks for a 90 percent proficiency at Level 2 or better and one that targets 60 percent proficiency at Level 3 or better, which is closer to the goal set out in Kansas ESSA plan. It remains to be seen which approach legislators ultimately take.
Report: Prince Harry Invited Obamas To Their Wedding And Guess The Orange Fool Who Didn't Get An Invite
A file photo of Maruti Suzuki India managing director and chief executive officer Kenichi Ayukawa. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) managing director and chief executive officer Kenichi Ayukawa took home a total remuneration of Rs4.2 crore in 2016-17, an increase of 6.32% from the previous fiscal.
According to the company's annual report 2016-17, Ayukawa's total remuneration during the year was at Rs4,20,67,808, which also included a performance-linked bonus of Rs1,50,39,000. In 2015-16, Ayukawa's remuneration was Rs3,95,44,573 which included performance-linked bonus of Rs1,27,45,000.
One of the important faces of the company, its chairperson R.C. Bhargava received a total remuneration of Rs 99 lakh in the fiscal 17, out of which Rs91.5 lakh was commission and Rs7.5 lakh was fee for attending board and committee meetings.
In 2015-16, their total remuneration was at Rs87.5 lakh inclusive of Rs77.5 lakh as commission and Rs10 lakh as fee for attending board/committee meetings. MSI's parent Suzuki Motor Corp (SMC) chairperson Osamu Suzuki, who is a non-executive director in the Indian firm, received Rs4 lakh during the year for attending board and committee meetings, which was also the same in 2015-16.
Similarly, SMC president Toshihiro Suzuki, who is a also non-executive director in MSI, received Rs6 lakh for attending board and committee meetings. In the preceding fiscal, they had received Rs4 lakh for the same.
Former MSI joint managing director Toshiaki Hasuike, who ceased to be a whole-time director on 19 November 2016 but continues as a non-executive director of the company, received a total remuneration of Rs2.35 crore our of which Rs82 lakh was performance-linked bonus in 2016-17. They had drawn Rs3.41 crore, which included performance- linked bonus of Rs1.08 crore in 2015-16.
MOORESVILLE, N.C. - Officials from Young's Motorsports (YMS) announced today that veteran racer Jeb Burton will drive the team's second entry, the No. 20 Chevrolet Silverado in the upcoming Alpha Energy Solutions 200 presented by Texas Roadhouse at Martinsville (Va.) Speedway on Sat., Oct. 28.
Burton's partnership with Young's Motorsports marks the return of the Halifax, Va. native to the Truck Series since competing at Texas Motor Speedway in Nov. 2015.
The tight 0.526-mile paperclip is considered Burton's hometown track and where the son of former Daytona 500 winner Ward Burton honed their short track skills competing in several Late Model events at the historic short track during the early days of their Motorsports career.
Since then, Burton has competed in various forms of stock car racing, including all three of NASCAR's national series including the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series.
Jeb Burton got their first career NASCAR
Truck Series victory, holding off Ty Dillon to win
at Texas Motor Speedway on Friday night. Chris Graythen/NASCAR/Getty Images
Burton is set to make their sixth Truck Series start at Martinsville and their first in three years of competition. In their previous five starts, the 25-year-old has earned one pole, two top-five, top-10 and four top-13 finishes.
"I'm really thankful for this opportunity to drive for Young's Motorsports at Martinsville," said Burton. "It's going to be great to get back into the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series and have an opportunity to come out of the box and compete for a strong finish.
"The Young's Motorsports team has always flourished with speed at Martinsville and I'm hoping that with me behind the wheel and Chad (Kendrick, crew chief) calling the shots and our ECR engine, we'll have a chance to put ourselves in the hunt for a top-five finish.
"It's a home game for me and short track racing, so I'm very excited. I love racing at Martinsville, and I felt like I should have already won there. I really want that clock. We're going to do what we can to bring it home!"
Two longtime partners will allow Burton to make their 51st career NCWTS start. State Water Heaters and the Ward Burton Wildlife Foundation will serve as partners for the 20th race of the season.
State Water Heaters is a leading manufacturer of commercial and residential water heaters. State offers over 500 water heater products and has consistently developed new technologies to ensure longer product life.
The Ward Burton Wildlife Foundation is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization founded by Ward Burton. Founded in 1996, the Ward Burton Wildlife Foundation's mission is to conserve land and wildlife through wise flight attendantship and to educate children and adults concerning the natural resources that will shape America's future.
"Without the support of State Water Heaters, I wouldn't have a chance to return to Martinsville in hopes of putting on a show in front of my hometown family, friends and fans," added Burton. "I can't thank them enough for standing beside me throughout my NASCAR career and giving me another shot to show my potential."
For team principal and primary driver Tyler Young, they believe the addition of Burton to their lineup this season will offer the potential to elevate their program further.
"Jeb is a tremendous race car driver," offered Young. "He isn't afraid to go fast and put themselves in a position to make some breathtaking moves that pay off in a big way.
"We've been blessed to have a good truck every time we go to Martinsville and I feel like with Jeb's guidance and breakdown of the track, we have the potential to do a lot of good things in a few weeks. I'm excited and can't wait to get to Martinsville."
In 50 career NCWTS starts, Burton has earned seven poles, one win (Texas Motor Speedway), seven top-five and 19 top-10 finishes in a span of four years of competition.
Burton made their Truck Series debut at Martinsville in 2012 driving for Hillman Racing qualifying seventh and finishing a respectable 13th in a race backed by State Water Heaters.
The Alpha Energy Solutions 200 presented by Texas Roadhouse, the final short track of the 2017 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series season is set for Sat., Oct. 28. The 200-lap anticipated slugfest is the preamble for the Oct. 29 running of the First Data 500 for the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series (MENCS).
The race will be televised live on FOX Sports 1 (FS1) with additional coverage from the Motor Racing Network (radio) and SiriusXM Satellite Radio Channel 90 beginning at 1:00 p.m.
-- Young's Motorsports --
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Itfor Inc
* Says it repurchased 800,000 shares at the price of 834 yen per share, for 667.2 million yen in total, through ToSTNeT-3, on Feb. 2
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/ri1raL
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Simmonds/Kadri
Nazem Kadri and their line will likely get the checking assignment against the Flyers' top line of Wayne Simmonds, Claude Giroux and Sean Couturier. Simmonds has heard some trade banter, especially during the team's recent 10-game losing streak. He's an attractive target, a 30-goal scorer (he's managed 29, 28, 32 and 31 the last four seasons) with a contract through 2018-19 at $3.975 million per season. The 29-year-old has a partial no-trade clause — they can veto 12 teams — but there should be plenty of suitors.
NEED TO KNOW
The Flyers won three straight — in Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver — to end their 10-game slide. The Western Canada sweep was their second in five years, but their first with three regulation wins since 1996 . . . Forward Michael Raffl, defenceman Andrew MacDonald and goalie Brian Elliott took turns wearing the Rick Flair Robe on the trip. The robe is given to standout performers after wins. Elliott won all three games out west, stopping 103 of 108 shots and posting a 1.66 goals-against average. Raffl had three goals and four points on the trip, and has scored all five of their goals this season in their last eight games . . . Claude Giroux was blanked in Calgary, but posted a goal and an assist in each of the last two games of the trip. Jakub Voracek had seven assists on the trip and entered the week tied with Blake Wheeler and Steven Stamkos for the league lead (30).
UP NEXT
Thursday, at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
ISLAMABAD, Oct. 6 (APP): Barrister Sultan Mehmood
Choudhary, former Prime Minister of Azad Kashmir and Dr. Ghulam
Nabi Fai, Secretary General, World Kashmir Awareness Forum in
a memorandum submitted to the Secretary General of the
United Nations, Antonio Guterres urged the UN to play a
a leadership role in resolving the 70-year-old Kashmir conflict.
According to information reaching here from New York on
Friday, they maintained that the Kashmir dispute has inflicted
pain, agony, and injustice on a scale that makes East Timor,
and Southern Sudan pale in comparison.more than 100,000 killings in
the past two decades alone, and routine rape, torture,
mutilation, plunder, disappearances, arbitrary detentions,
and ruthless punishment of peaceful political dissent.
Kashmir conflict is perhaps the most dangerous conflict in
the world because of the spiraling nuclear and missile race
between India and Pakistan coupled with historical enmities
that have occasioned three wars between the two rivals.
It is obvious that no settlement can last if it is not based
on justice for the people of Kashmir and recognition of
their inherent rights, they argued.
It is also undeniable that the past 70 years have proven
that bilateral India-Pakistan negotiations to resolve Kashmir
conflict are simply charades that achieve nothing but more strife
and horror stories in Kashmir. A new negotiating formula is
thus urgently required both in the name of international peace,
security and human rights. The element that has been missing
in efforts towards a settlement is the political representation
of Kashmiris on the negotiating table along with India and Pakistan.
The Parties Hurriyet Conference (APHC) that represents
the broader spectrum of the opinion of the Kashmiri people
is unswervingly devoted to a peaceful settlement of the Kashmir
dispute, and is eager to explore constructive approaches
to jump-starting the longstanding Kashmir stalemate that has ensued
when the problem has been perceived as bilateral, to the exclusion of
the 20 million Kashmiri people. As Northern Ireland
required the participation of Sinn Fein in negotiations to
succeed, Kashmir is no different, they argued.
“We completely endorse the statement of the United Nations High Commissioner on Human Rights who expressed serious concern about the situation in (Indian held) Kashmir and proposed on September 13, 2016
that “an independent, impartial and international mission is
now needed crucially and that it should be given free and complete
access to establish an objective assessment of the claims made by
the two sides. We trust that your personal involvement in
this matter will bring its influence to bear on both India and
Pakistan to initiate a peaceful negotiation with which the
United Nations as well as the genuine leadership of the people of
Jammu & Kashmir will be associated so as to ensure that
settlement arrived at will be based on the principles of justice,
they said in the memorandum”.
“We place the trust in the statesmanship of the Excellency,
as the Secretary General of the United Nations that you will
not countenance any attempt to ignore the wishes of the people of
the State of Jammu and Kashmir and bypass the expression of
those wishes.”
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Aurora Prize for Awakening Humanity Selection Committee announced three humanitarians as potential recipients of the 2018 Prize on Tuesday, April 24.
Each individual was chosen for their exceptional courage, far-reaching impact and endless commitment to preserving human life and advancing humanitarian causes in the face of adversity. The Aurora Prize, granted by the Aurora Humanitarian Initiative on behalf of the survivors of the Armenian Genocide and in gratitude to their saviors, named:
Kyaw Hla Aung, Lawyer and Rohingya Leader, Myanmar – A Rohingya Muslim who, despite being imprisoned for a collective 12 years for peaceful protests against systematic discrimination and violence, uses their legal expertise to fight for equality, improvements in education and human rights for their community. They have nominated international organizations that provide medical aid and assistance to refugees in Myanmar.
Fr. Héctor Tomás González Castillo, Founder of La 72, Mexico – A Franciscan friar who has provided shelter, food, water, counseling and legal assistance to more than 50,000 Central American immigrants along their often-harrowing journeys through Mexico, providing aid to all, including those who suffer traumatic attacks, attempted kidnappings and expulsions from their own countries. They have nominated organizations working to promote human rights for those living with HIV/AIDS and to provide cultural education to Mayans in Mexico.
Sunitha Krishnan, Co-Founder of Prajwala, India – A gang rape survivor turned women's rights advocate who used their trauma as motivation to rescue, rehabilitate and reintegrate victims of sex trafficking and forced prostitution back into society, creating an organization that has positively impacted the lives of more than 17,800 women and children. They have nominated organizations that fight gender imbalance and sexual violence and trafficking throughout India.
The three humanitarians will be honored at the third annual Aurora Prize Ceremony in Yerevan, Armenia on June 9, 2018. Of the three nominated, one will be chosen as the 2018 Aurora Prize Laureate at a ceremony on June 10, 2018. The Laureate will receive a grant of US$100,000, as well as a US$1,000,000 award, giving them the unique ability to continue the cycle of giving by supporting organizations that have inspired their work.
The Selection Committee, co-chaired by Academy Award-winning actor and humanitarian George Clooney, includes Nobel Laureates Oscar Arias, Shirin Ebadi and Leymah Gbowee; former president of Ireland Mary Robinson; human rights activist Hina Jilani; former foreign minister of Australia and President Emeritus of the International Crisis Group Gareth Evans; former president of Mexico Ernesto Zedillo; Director of the Institute of Global Health Innovation at Imperial College London Lord Ara Darzi; Medecins sans Frontieres Founder Bernard Kouchner; and former United States ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power. The Committee shortlisted the three Humanitarians as finalists from 750 nominations for 509 unique candidates submitted in 12 languages from 115 countries.
The 2017 Aurora Prize was awarded to Dr. Tom Catena, an American Catholic missionary working as the sole surgeon in the war-ravaged Nuba Mountains in Southern Sudan where humanitarian aid is restricted. “Dr. Tom,” as they are known locally, has been on call 24 hours a day, seven days a week at the Mother of Mercy Catholic Hospital serving a community of more than 750,000 people in the 500-bed hospital. On any given day, Dr. Tom treats patients for ailments ranging from bombing attack injuries to malaria, malnourishment, leprosy and beyond.
“I am eternally grateful to the Aurora Prize for the recognition of our efforts and for providing Laureates with much-needed resources to advance our field work,” said Dr. Tom about being honored as the second annual Aurora Prize Laureate. “Perhaps most importantly, the Prize also helps draw international attention to the problems many see every day that aren't reported. Thanks to the Prize, we are able to explain the situation in Nuba, and I look forward to the light the Prize can shine on the remarkable issues this year's Humanitarians are confronting around the world.”
Marguerite Barankitse from Maison Shalom and REMA Hospital in Burundi was named the first Aurora Prize Laureate in 2016. Ms. Barankitse has spent the last 20 years providing safe haven for orphans and refugees escaping violence and abuse during their country's civil war. Since becoming the inaugural Laureate, they have supported 11 initiatives across five countries, advancing education for Burundian refugees, empowering women, girls and victims of sexual assault, and rehabilitating refugees and victims of human trafficking.
The 2018 Aurora Prize Laureate will be named at the close of a weekend of events that include the annual Aurora Dialogues.
Meg at Northern Colorado History
July History and Heritage Events
July 4
Fort Collins: The Old-Fashioned Fourth of July at the Avery House runs 10:00-2:00 on the Avery House lawn–admission and the activities are free! Listen to the Bluegrass Patriots, let the kids play old-fashioned games such as bean bag toss and lawn bowling, mingle with historical characters, and get creative with Victorian crafts. Food trucks will be onsite selling delicious and festive family fare. Popcorn, lemonade, and small trinkets will be for sale from $0.25-$1.
Estes Park: Spanning indoors and outdoors, the Coolest Car Show features rows and rows of classic and vintage vehicles—everything from Ford Model Ts to today's state-of-the-art electrics. There will be local car owners from Estes Park and many more from throughout Colorado, plus many from out-of-state. Food and refreshments for sale at the event. A day of fun for all ages! Great cars and family fun, live music, silent auction, free trolley ride to and from downtown. the event will take place at the Estes Park Events Complex at Stanley Park, 9:30 am-3:30 pm, adults $8, children 6-17 $5, under 5 free, if you have any questions about the event please contact 970-577-3766, www. estesparkmuseumfriends.org.
July 6
Loveland: Learn about the Cherry Industry in Loveland from Sharon Danhauer of the Loveland Historical Society. From orchards to canning to the annual Cherry Pie celebration, cherries have been at the heart of Loveland's agricultural history for generations. Hosted by (and in) the Loveland Museum/Gallery, 503 N. Lincoln Ave. 5:30 pm. Free.
July 7
Berthoud: Stargazing in the Bunyan Observatory at Dusk. The Bunyan Observatory, located in the Courtyard of the Little Thompson Valley Pioneer Museum, provides a unique opportunity for stargazing. Visitors to the observatory on the first Saturday evening of the warm weather months may scan the heavens through the same Brashear telescope that Berthoud banker John Bunyan utilized in their backyard observatory from the 1930's through the 1950's. Viewing begins at dusk, is open to the public, and free of charge.
July 9
Loveland: Molly Brown and their maid Katy: From the Tenements to the Titanic. Meet Margaret (Molly) Brown and their maid Katy as they reminisce about life in the tenements and the gold fields, and listen to the story of the Titanic sinking as told by one of America's heroes. 7 – 8 pm at the Loveland Museum, 503 N. Lincoln. Hosted by the Loveland Historical Society.
July 11
Berthoud: The Berthoud Historical Society's Courtyard Concert event for July features Jon Chandler. If you're tired of the same old cowboy music, just take a listen to Jon Chandler. Their music tells of the good, the bad and the misunderstood, outlaws and in-laws, and a few characters that will live on in your memories long after the show is over. Admission is free, but donations are gratefully accepted. Food and drink are available for purchase. 6:30 – 8:30 pmin the Pioneer Courtyard at 224 Mountain Ave.
July 13
Red Feather Lakes: The Red Feather Historical Society presents Red Feather Water: Past, Present and Future by David Frydenall. Join David Frydendall for a presentation about the water in Red Feather, especially the private lakes in Red Feather area. There will be a limited space tour after the talk (if you don't fit into the tour, we'll add a second tour at a later date). 1- 3 pmat the Red Feather Lakes library.
July 14
Fort Collins: Culture in the Courtyard: Sweet Treats. Ice cream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream! Cool down with ice cream and fresh-squeezed lemonade at FCMoD's Heritage Courtyard, located in Library Park. And the sweetest treat of all… you can explore Fort Collins' past by perusing our 3 historic cabins and 1905 schoolhouse! Free, but there's a suggested donation of $3. This program is located in the Heritage Courtyard in Library Park at 200 Matthews Street. 10 am – 1 pm.
Greeley: Happy birthday Mr. Meeker! If Nathan Meeker were alive today, he'd be 201 years old! Join the City of Greeley Museums for a celebration of historic note… the city founder's birthday! Meeker's home was built in 1870 and is a unique adobe two-story home listed on the National Register of Historic Places. In 1929, Greeley residents organized and purchased the home to be Greeley's first official museum and today it's one of three city museums open to the public. Furnishings original Meeker family and other items from late 19th Century Weld County homes can be viewed inside the museum. The museum's lawn is part of the city's public park system and includes interpretive panels that show some of Greeley's history. Activities at museum, located at 1324 9th Ave., include brief tours through the museum, old fashioned lawn games, refreshments and cake. Admission to the event is free. 10 am – 2 pm.
Loveland: West Lakeside Cemetery Tour, hosted by the Loveland Museum/Gallery. Enjoy these Cemetery Walking Tours with Sharon Danhauer of the Loveland Historical Society. (This tour is the second of four.) Tours are $5 and advance registration is required. Space is limited to 15 per tour – call the Museum (970) 962-2410) to reserve your tour spot. 9:30 – 11 am.
Fort Collins: Water Works Open House. Come learn about the historic 1883 Water Works. Take a guided tour led by The Poudre Landmarks Foundation and the Friends of the Water Works. Free admission ~ donations appreciated ~ no reservations required. 10 am – 3 pm. 2005 N. Overland Trail.
Estes Park: Inside the Lost Lodges of Rocky Mountain National Park: Postcards from the Collection of Bobbie Heisterkamp. On Saturday, July 14 at 3 p.m. the Estes Park Museum will host a program that explores the extensive lodges within Rocky Mountain National Park and the Estes Park area which no longer exist through the postcard collection of Bobbie Heisterkamp. This program will discuss both the images of the lodges, their interiors, and the stories and sentiments conveyed from those who experienced them through travel. Some of the postcards date to over 100 years old and relate travelers' experiences in the area. Accounts describe grandiose sights, the difficulties of traveling, and the wonderful amenities that awaited visitors at the various lodges. This program is free and open to the public, no reservations are required to attend.
July 18
St. Walburga Abbey, Virginia Dale Stage Station & Phantom Canyon Ranch: The Red Feather Lake Historical Society is hosting a one of a kind tour from 9 am – 3 pm including three spectacular stops. The Abbey of St. Walburga is a small community of Benedictine contemplative nuns of the Roman Catholic Church, located in a valley in northern Colorado. All their daily work, whether in direct service to others or undertaken for the financial support of our community by having retreats, raising cattle and farming. The Virginia Dale Stage Station was established in 1862 by Jack Slade, former station manager at Julesburg, Colorado, where they famously got into a dispute with Jules Beni. While station master in Julesburg, Slade met and breakfasted with Samuel Clemens, “Mark Twain,” and made quite an impression upon Twain. Twain wrote about their encounter with Slade in their 1872 publication “Roughing It.” Phantom Canyon Ranch – Carl Judson will discuss the history of the Tibbits ranch which they and their wife purchased in 1977. They will explain how they learn from talking to locals about the Tibbits and through research that the first house was settled in 1882 and built a single-story house about 50 yards west of the current home. $10. Registration required.
July 19
Fort Collins: The Larimer County Genealogical Society presents ‘I Can't Find it on a Map' with Dr Ted Bainbridge. Dr Bainbridge will explain finding and using maps for genealogical research. Map lovers will thoroughly enjoy this program. Research questions can be answered by maps, and using maps to extend pedigrees. 6:30 – 8:30 pm at the Old Town Library.
July 21
Soapstone Prairie Natural Area: The City of Fort Collins is hosting Soapstone Treasures: The Bison-Archaeology Connection! from 9 – 11am — for ages 16 and up. Learn about the acquisition of Soapstone Prairie, the history of the American Bison, and the treasures uncovered at the Lindenmeier archaeological site. After an orientation to Soapstone Prairie at the south parking lot shelter, paricipants will drive to the north lot and hike 0.25 miles to the Lindenmeier Overlook. Please bring a lunch, sun protection, plenty of water, and closed-toe shoes! Location: Soapstone Prairie Natural Area, approximately 1-hour drive time from Fort Collins. Meet at the South Parking Lot shelter. Register in advance as there's limited space for this event.
Fort Collins: The City of Fort Collins is hosting A Thousand Years of History on the Poudre River from 9:30 – 11 am. Enjoy a leisurely hike to consider the origins of the Cache la Poudre River and explore both the history and future of people along the river. We will also explore current development and restoration projects. Please bring water and sun protection.1-2 miles; easy Location: Meet at Heritage Park behind the Northside Aztlan Community Center. Registration is required. All ages welcome.
Livermore: Here is something new for the Livermore Hall. July 21st the Jazz Band “Spicy Pickles” from Denver will join us for an evening of great 30's, 40's swing jazz. What a great way to spend time with friends and family tapping your toes to great old tunes. Tickets are $15.00 per person. The band travels from coast to play their spicy tunes at events and venues of all sizes, and inspire people to fall in love with jazz over and over again. The group is notorious for their spot on arrangements and electrifying energy. 7:30 pm.
Berthoud: Open Day at the McCarty Fickel house.The McCarty Fickel House is one of Berthoud's gems. Built in 1916 by Dr D.W. and Jennie McCarty, this beautiful example of the Denver Square style (also known as American Foursquare), was home to the McCarty Fickel family from construction, until the early 2000's. Our Open Days are a unique opportunity to see how one of Berthoud's early, and prominent families lived. Admission is free June 23 and July 21, but donations are gratefully accepted. 9 am – 1 pm.
Berthoud: Ice Cream Social at the McCarty Fickel House. Join the Berthoud Historical Society in the yard of the lovely McCarty Fickel House for a cool afternoon making ice cream and relaxing in the shade! 2 – 4 pm.
Loveland/Golden: The Loveland Historical Society is hosting a field Trip to Golden History Museum & Park. The museum and park re-creates life on the Pearce Ranch, a late 1800s mountain home- stead complete with gardens, cabins, working blacksmith shop, chicken coop, bee yard, outbuildings, and school house. Carpool leaves 5th and Lincoln at 9am or meet us there at 10am. Group rate $3; lunch TBD. Open to members and non-members. RSVP to sadanhau@gmail.com
July 22
Estes Park: Historic Larimer County is hosting an Estes Park tour that will include the Stanley Hydro Power Plant. Watch the Historic Larimer County website for more information.
July 25
Berthoud: The Berthoud Historical Society's Courtyard Concert featuring Roz Brown. Roz Brown has been entertaining patrons at the Buckhorn Exchange in Denver for the past 37 years. With their autoharp and a vast collection of historical tunes, Roz is also a favorite on the festival circuit. If Stephen Foster were around today, he'd be hanging out with Roz. Food and drink are available for purchase. Admission is free, but donations are gratefully accepted. 6:30 – 8:30 pm.
Berthoud: Stargazing in the Bunyan Observatory at Dusk. The Bunyan Observatory, located in the Courtyard of the Little Thompson Valley Pioneer Museum, provides a unique opportunity for stargazing. Visitors to the observatory on the first Saturday evening of the warm weather months may scan the heavens through the same Brashear telescope that Berthoud banker John Bunyan utilized in their backyard observatory from the 1930's through the 1950's. Viewing begins at dusk, is open to the public, and free of charge.
July 26
Greeley: At noon, local Young Chatauquans will present as various important historical characters as part of the Historic Preservation Program's History Brown Bag Series at the Greeley History Museum, 714 8th St.
Loveland: East Loveland Burial Park, hosted by the Loveland Museum/Gallery. Enjoy these Cemetery Walking Tours with Sharon Danhauer of the Loveland Historical Society. (This tour is the third of four.) Tours are $5 and advance registration is required. Space is limited to 15 per tour – call the Museum (970) 962-2410) to reserve your tour spot. 9:30 – 11 am.
July 27 – 29
Greeley: Centennial Village Museum is proud to be a part of the Weld County Fair's 100th anniversary. Visitors can tour Centennial Village Museum July 27, 28, and 29 and enjoy the special low admission price of just $2/person ages 3+. Opened during the nation's bicentennial in 1976, Centennial Village Museum preserves and interprets American western heritage in the Colorado high plains region over the last 150 years. Visitors can tour some of Weld County's oldest structures, which are located in the museum, or they can visit the heritage farm animals. Either way, step into the past and enjoy a tour of Centennial Village Museum!
July 28
Soapstone Prairie Natural Area: The City of Fort Collins is hosting A Day in the Life of Your Ice-Age Neighbor from 10 am – noon. Come on a journey back in time to learn what it was like to live in this area for the Paleoindians who thrived here during the last Ice Age. What was it like living here more than 10,000 years ago? Walk through the day in the life of your Ice-Age neighbors. You'll begin by reviewing the discoveries made during the Lindenmeier Archaeological study and then whisk back in time to see how people lived, hunted, cooperated, and thrived. Please bring water, closed-toe shoes, and sun/wind protection. 0.25 miles; easy. Location: Soapstone Prairie, approximately one-hour drive time from Fort Collins. Meet at the north parking lot. This event is for ages 9 and older. Registration is required.
Fort Collins: Race against the trolley in the Human Race. In the unique Man vs Machine challenge, runners toe the line with historic Trolley Car 21, racing through the course to see who's faster – Man or Machine. Think you're faster than the trolley? Sign up to see if you will go home with the special bragging rights hat. Also check out the volunteer opportunities for the 2018 Human Race
Walking tours of historic downtown Estes Park are held every Monday and Tuesday from June 4 – September 25. The cost is $8, cash or check (payable to the Town of Estes Park). First come, first served; no reservations required. Space limited to 12 people. Check out the Estes Park Museum website for more information
Which music service is right for you?
Music subscriptions can help set the tone for your life, as the music you listen to day in and day out can help keep your energy up, your mood stable and bright, and your fingers tapping out a rhythm. As someone who never, ever leaves home without headphones, I've taken a deep look at Google Play Music and Spotify so as to help you figure out which service is more deserving of you and your jam sessions.
Here are the perks and pitfalls for Spotify and Google Play Music, by category.
Look and Layout
Spotify's dark theme beats Play Music's retina-searing white. Spotify's dark theme gives the app a cleaner, crisper look, and makes the app far easier on the eyes during late night jam sessions or nightly drives.
The tabs at the bottom of the Spotify app make it easier to jump between sections of the app than Google Play Music.
Google Play Music's playback screen features zoomed in album art, which looks awkward and obscures some of the playback controls for albums with busier artwork. Spotify's playback screen shrinks the artwork a bit, but slivers of other album art give hints at the next and previous songs.
Play Music's Now Playing Queue is standard and straightforward, and you can see ahead several songs on radio stations, and you can swipe away songs you don't like. Spotify doesn't show you what's coming up on a radio station outside that sliver of album art we just mentioned, and the only way to get them out of the radio station is to Thumbs Down them.
Sound Quality and Device Limitations
Spotify offers audio streaming qualities up to 320 kbps when Spotify Premium users set their quality up to "Extreme quality", and audio quality up to 256 kbps while playing on Chromecast. Google Play Music offers audio streaming qualities up to 320kbps on both the streaming library and uploaded music, though the quality of uploaded music is dependent on the quality of tracks uploaded.
Google Play Music offers to option to stream at a lower quality while on mobile data to conserve data; Spotify has the same audio setting for streaming on both Wi-Fi and data. Google Play Music also features a Stream only on Wi-Fi to help further preserve your precious mobile data.
Spotify lets you stream Spotify on as many devices as you like but you can only download music for offline playback on three devices, and only up to 3,333 songs. Meanwhile, Google Play Music has a 10-device limit and a four-device de-authorization limit per year.
Google Play Music has an app for Android TV, both Play Music and Spotify have apps for Android Wear, and both support Google Cast. Spotify uses Spotify Connect to a wider variety of speakers and devices than just Google Cast, including Sonos and car systems.
Library and Features
Both Google Play Music and Spotify have over 30 million songs available to their users to stream. Google Play Music offers links to music videos for millions of songs on YouTube. Spotify offers a handful of Spotify Original Video Series, which highlight local music, exclusive performances, and more. Both services have also expanded their podcast offerings in recent years, and Spotify can even help you find upcoming concerts in your area.
Spotify only lets you rate music while listening to radio stations, not when listening to playlists or albums, so you cannot rate your library. Google Play Music lets you thumbs up and down music in every playlist, radio station, or in your library. Both services keep an automatic playlist of 'Thumbs Up' songs.
Spotify doesn't let you upload your own music library, but you can 10,000 songs from the streaming catalog to Your Library. Google Play Music lets you upload 50,000 songs to your Play Music library and stream them wherever for free, and you can add as many subscription songs to your library. If you are a paid subscriber, Google Play Music lets you mix and match uploaded content and subscription songs.
Spotify's automatic stations and suggested songs seem to be slightly more accurate in their predictions than Google Play Music's. Spotify also offers up Discover Weekly playlists to help you keep your music fresh.
Playlists and Sharing
Google Play Music's playlists are private by default; Spotify's playlists are public by default. Spotify also offers collaborative playlists, letting multiple users contribute to a playlist.
Every song you add to a playlist in Spotify, everyone can hear. Google Play Music only shares subscription songs in public playlists, not uploaded songs.
Spotify doesn't allow users on Android (or web) to reorder songs within a playlist without deleting them and re-adding them in the order desired. Spotify doesn't even allow web users to rename playlists, either. Google Play Music allows you to edit, reorder, and rename playlists on all platforms.
Playlist sharing on Spotify lets users listen to the playlist directly on some websites and social media platforms like Twitter and Reddit. Google Play Music's playlist sharing is just a normal hyperlink.
If you have friends on Spotify that you follow, you can see what they're listening to and what playlists they're building. If you want to listen to something on the down-low, you can start a Private Session and what you're listening to won't be shared.
Plans and Pricing
Spotify Premium for Family and Google Play Music family plan are both $14.99 a month and give up to 6 users their own premium subscription account. You can't change addresses on a Spotify Premium for Family Plan; if you move, you have either go to individual plans or delete your accounts and start over.
Google Play Music's family plan does not require everyone to live under the same roof, which Spotify Premium for Family not only requires, but enforces.
Google Play Music comes with YouTube Red in the United States, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, and South Korea, eliminating ads on YouTube and allowing you to save YouTube videos for offline playback.
Spotify offers a student discount (and Hulu access) for college kids for $5 a month; Google Play Music does not offer any student discounting.
Where Spotify is better
Spotify is for shufflers and sharers that don't buy music and just want Spotify to serve up what's popular or stations based on their genres and artists of choice. It's great for users who just want a bit of music to fill their lives and tech fiends that switch devices too frequently for Google Play Music's device limit policy. The app's dark theme and easy layout are easier for casual listeners to browse. It's also good for students who need a cheap solo plan.
Sign up for Spotify
Where Google Play Music is better
Google Play Music is good for families, users with well-established music libraries, and those with particular playlist tastes that they can satisfy between purchased, subscription, and uploaded music. Google Play Music's family plan doesn't have nearly the strings that Spotify's does, and is a better bargain.
Even if your family isn't big on Google Play Music, everyone can ditch the ads on YouTube, which is almost worth the subscription price by itself.
Sign up for Google Play Music
What's your choice?
Which streaming service do you prefer?
More: Spotify Free vs. Spotify Premium vs. Spotify Premium for Family
Geneva :The United Nations called Tuesday on Nicaragua to investigate a crackdown on protests that have left at least 27 dead, saying that a number of the killings may have been “unlawful”. Pension reforms sparked nearly a week of deadly unrest underscoring public resentment of 72-year-old leftist President Daniel Ortega and their wife Rosario Murillo, their vice president. “We are particularly concerned that a number of these deaths may amount to unlawful killings,” Liz Throssel of the Geneva-based UN rights office told reporters. “We call on the Nicaraguan authorities to ensure that there are prompt, thorough, independent and transparent investigations into these deaths,” the spokesperson added. The UN said at least 25 people, including a police officer, had been killed in the unrest as of Sunday. But the Nicaraguan Center for Human Rights has given a death toll of 26 since last Wednesday when the pension reforms were unveiled, including a Nicaraguan journalist shot in the head while covering the chaos in a city on the country's Caribbean coast. Murillo added another death to the count on Monday, saying a police officer succumbed to fatal injuries sustained in Sunday's protests. “It is essential that all allegations of excessive use of force by police and other security forces are effectively investigated to ensure those responsible are held to account,” Throssel said.
Orignally published by APP
Downey Jr., Linklater to make film based on podcast
Richard Linklater and Robert Downey Jr. are teaming up to make a film adapted from a podcast.
Megan Ellison's Annapurna Pictures announced Monday evening that it will produce the untitled film, with Linklater directing and Downey Jr. starring. It will be based on the episode “Man of the People” from the Reply All podcast. The episode, which aired in January, chronicles the true story of a doctor who scammed their way to fame and fortune, and the doctor who brought them down.
Downey Jr. previously starred in Linklater's animated “A Scanner Darkly.” The new film will be a break from Downey's Iron Man duties, which include the upcoming “Spider-Man: Homecoming” and next year's “Avenger's Infinity War.”
Linklater is also prepping “The Last Flag Flying” with Steve Carell and Bryan Cranston. (AP)
NAIROBI - The world's last male northern white rhino has died, the Kenyan conservancy taking care of it said, leaving only two females of its subspecies alive in the world.
Ol Pejeta Conservancy said in a statement it had made the decision with wildlife officials and their previous carers to euthanise on Monday the 45-year-old rhino, named Sudan, due to the rapid deterioration in their condition.
Sudan was being treated for age-related complications that had affected their muscles and bones and also gave them extensive skin wounds.
The rhino had spent two weeks in late February and early March lying in their pen due to discomfort from a deep wound on their right hind leg.
World's last male northern white rhino dies Open gallery
"His condition worsened significantly in the last 24 hours; they were unable to stand up and was suffering a great deal," Ol Pejeta said.
"The veterinary team from the Dver Kralove Zoo, Ol Pejeta and Kenya Wildlife Service made the decision to euthanise him."
Sudan had previously lived at the Dver Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic before being transported to Ol Pejeta Conservancy, about 250 km north of Nairobi, where they lived with the last two females of the same species, 27-year old Najin and 17-year old Fatu.
After all attempts at getting them to mate naturally failed, conservationists last year put Sudan on dating app Tinder, hoping to raise enough money to pay for a $9 million fertility treatment.
London's Parliament Square Gets Its First Statue Honoring A Woman
Enlarge this image toggle caption Stefan Rousseau/PA Images via Getty Images Stefan Rousseau/PA Images via Getty Images
For nearly 150 years, it's been men only: Winston Churchill, Nelson Mandela, Abraham Lincoln, Mahatma Gandhi and seven other statesmen. But on Tuesday, the statuary in London's Parliament Square got a new face: suffragist leader Millicent Fawcett.
British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke at the unveiling ceremony and hailed Fawcett as a pioneering feminist who was instrumental in gaining political agency and power for women throughout the country.
"I would not be standing here today as prime minister, no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament, none of us would have had the rights and protections we now enjoy, were it not for one truly great woman: Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett," May said.
The bronze statue depicts Fawcett at age 50 as they were awarded a brooch from the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies. In their hands is a placard that reads, "Courage Calls To Courage Everywhere," which was taken from a speech they gave after the death of fellow suffragist Emily Wilding Davison at the 1913 Epsom Derby.
Author Interviews 'The Woman's Hour' Documents Pivotal Leaders In The Fight For Suffrage 'The Woman's Hour' Documents Pivotal Leaders In The Fight For Suffrage Listen · 8:48 8:48
Born in 1847, Fawcett dedicated much of their life to fighting for women's rights. They began campaigning for the right to vote at age 19 and quickly became well known as a speaker and organizer. They became president of the NUWSS in 1907 and worked to broaden the group's base to include working-class women. They died in 1929, a year after all women over the age of 21 were granted the right to vote.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan noted Fawcett's inclusion, or that of any woman in Parliament Square, is long overdue.
"When you think of the great people in Parliament Square and when you realize that not one of them is a woman, it sort of begs the question, are we saying there haven't been incredible women in the past? That our country hasn't been built on the back of great women?" Khan said.
The campaign to include a statue of a woman was launched by activist Caroline Criado Perez. They told the BBC that they were jogging past the historic square on International Women's Day in 2016 when they when noticed the absence of any female figures. They started the campaign "as they sat on a bench outside Buckingham Palace at the end of their run," according to the broadcaster.
"If [Fawcett] were a man, she'd have hundreds of statues up to her," Criado Perez told the BBC. "She's directly facing Parliament with their placard, so the MPs can see them everyday and think, 'I should probably go and sort that problem out.' "
Fawcett's monument is also the first in the square to be created by a female artist — Gillian Wearing, a conceptual artist who won the Turner Prize in 1997.
"Other designers and artists just didn't get it like Gillian did," Criado Perez told the BBC. "For me, it was very important [Millicent] was middle aged. I wanted them to be standing there not at all sexualised, but statesmanlike."
Criado-Perez previously campaigned successfully to make Jane Austen the new face of Britain's 10-pound note.
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub Jr. is calling on the chairperson of House Oversight Committee to become more engaged in overseeing ethics questions in the Trump administration.
In an interview with NPR on Monday, Shaub said public inquiries and complaints involving Trump administration conflicts of interest and ethics have been inundating their tiny agency, which has only advisory power.
"We've even had a couple days where the volume was so huge it filled up the voicemail box, and we couldn't clear the calls as fast as they were coming in," Shaub said. Their office is scrambling to keep pace with the workload.
But while citizens, journalists and Democratic lawmakers are pushing for investigations, Shaub suggested a similar level of energy is not coming from the House Oversight Committee, which has the power to investigate ethics questions, particularly those being raised now about reported secret ethics waivers for former lobbyists serving in the Trump administration.
Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, has "authority to investigate these things and compel responses, so hopefully we'll see some action from him," Shaub said.
"OGE, however, has no investigative authority, so we're limited as to what we can do if these waivers are not being released publicly," they said.
Chaffetz' office said they had no comment.
The New York Times, in collaboration with ProPublica, published a story on Saturday saying Trump has been filling the White House and federal agencies with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants, and has been generously waiving ethics requirements without even posting the waiver information on the Government Ethics website.
But while Chaffetz has generally been quiet on Trump-related ethics issues, the public has been hammering OGE with questions and complaints.
How big is the jump in public contacts, such as calls, letters and emails? During the six months between October 2008 and March 2009, as the Obama presidency was taking shape, the OGE got 733 contacts.
During the October 2016 to March 2017 period, it got 39,105 contacts from citizens — an increase of 5,235 percent.
Comparing those same two time periods, the number of Freedom of Information Act requests — typically from journalists and public-interest groups — shot up to 280 from 39. That's an increase of 618 percent.
Shaub said that, for example, when a top Trump adviser recommended certain fashion lines on Fox & Friends, the public outcry and media interest rocketed up.
"When Kellyanne Conway had endorsed Ivanka Trump's product line, our phones rang off the hook, and they practically melted the system," they said. "This is a level of attention that we haven't seen before in terms of public interest."
Shaub said Trump is correct when they say, as they did back in January, that presidents technically are not covered by law from having conflicts of interest. "I have a no-conflict situation because I'm president," Trump said at the press conference. They added, "I didn't know about that until about three months ago, but it's a nice thing to have."
There are ethics rules that do apply to members of their administration, though. Those are the ones keeping Shaub's small staff busy, according to the director.
"When you get 39,000 calls coming into a 71-person agency, the best they can do is log the calls," they said.
The statistical analysis, comparing the Obama and Trump eras, have not previously been released. Shaub says their office is "understaffed right now," compared with the massively increased workload involving FOIA requests and the congressional requests, coming mostly from Democrats. "I've never seen anything like this," they said.
Still, the office is keeping up with the advisory work — trying to guide Trump appointees on ethics laws and suggesting solutions to conflicts of interest they may face. Other routine business, such as doing staff training or writing new guidelines, has been put on hold as the staff focuses on moving along Trump staffers, they said.
Popular voice chat platform Discord has shut down several servers and accounts associated with the alt-right for violations of the terms of service. The company announced the enforcement action on Twitter, emphasizing that it is “about positivity and inclusivity. Not hate. Not violence.”
Predictably, this was quickly followed by accusations of censorship and political bias, and the near-universal assumption that the accounts in question had been banned for ideological reasons. One could, of course, just as easily claim (as some do with Twitter and Reddit) that by tolerating the accounts for as long as it did, Discord supports the ideologies in question.
The company cleared things up in a statement: “We unequivocally condemn white supremacy, neonazism, or any other group, term, ideology that is based on these beliefs. They are not welcome on Discord.”
“While we don't read people's private servers our Terms of Service explicitly forbid harassment, threatening messages, or calls to violence…The public server linked to AltRight.com that violated [the ToS] was shut down along with several other public groups and accounts fostering bad actors on Discord.”
In response to calls for counter-protestors' Discord servers to be shut down as well, the company invited people to report them (email abuse at discordapp.com with details) and they would be investigated just as altright.com's was.
Hate speech like that proudly employed by those organizing, participating in and discussing the horrifying events in Charlottesville is unwelcome on many platforms. In fact, discouraging hate speech is an ideological stance common to nearly all internet services, with the marked exception of services created specifically to circumvent that stance.
Different companies' efforts and success in combating it vary widely, but just today GoDaddy revoked neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer's hosting and Google kicked it off the domain registry — both for pretty clear ToS violations. Airbnb has been pretty clear about what's allowed on its platform, as well.
We can certainly expect more actions like this, and for similar reactions as neo-Nazis and their like are removed from services to which they have forfeited their privilege to use. It seems likely this will lead to a pitiful, parallel Internet of Hate as the excommunicated communities coalesce and organize. Sad!
Here's the full statement, for the curious:
A PROUD Digger on parade doubled up twice and then stooped over a third time at the Tewantin Anzac Day Noosa Dawn Service, where a solemn crowd stood up to 30 deep on the eastern flank.
But like a true Anzac, the elderly serviceman refused to buckle. Back straight, shoulders square, they had stood steady during piper Don Drysdale's bagpipe lament for the fallen, and the hauntingly sparse and beautiful Last Post played on violin by school student Shania Oreb.
The ode recited in the slowly fading dark by RSL veteran Phil Grainger before a sea of respectful Noosa locals, many of them families with youngsters soaking up so much Aussie sacrifice, said age will not weary our fallen soldiers.
But the years had taken a toll on this surviving Digger.
And when a concerned orange-clad SES volunteer asked if the medal-laden veteran serviceman was okay, they waved them away and stood tall as the angelic voices of the Good Shepherd Lutheran College singing the hymn seemed to lift their spirits. They stayed straight until the parade was dismissed.
Tewantin Noosa RSL Sub-Branch president Mick Reid was once again deeply impressed by the massive early turn out. Mick said their greatest concern was for Anzac Day in 10 years' time, when a lot of the Diggers of their generation might be gone as the ranks of the Vietnam Vets thin out.
They said it was like that for a while when the veterans of the World Wars started to get on in years.
"It will eventually be up to the younger ones to take this over who have just served, and it's not easy for them when they have families to look after.”
However, they believed with such a strong turnout of youngsters, the Anzac spirit will remain strong and they made special mention in their welcome address to local 16-year-old Jack Frey, a Premier's Anzac Prize winner, who on this very special day was in France.
Mick said Jack will be presenting a special plaque "on behalf our veterans to the local school in Villers-Bretonneux where 100 years ago over 1400 Diggers lost their lives liberating the town”.
"This engagement laid the way for the Allies to push for victory.
"Jack walks on the ground where boys like them and younger ... they'd lied about their age ... had fought and unfortunately died.
"Those four terrible years of War to End All Wars saw a whole community decimated. War has no winners.”
Jack's family was in the Dawn Service crowd at the cenotaph and mother Donna said they have just taken a call from him. They were headed to bed for a short rest before the biggest day of their overseas mission of respect was to begin. Back in Tewantin, Mick said summed up why people had risen so early this day.
"The spirit of those whose names are etched on our cenotaph here are with us this morning. We pay homage to them and the thousands who perished or suffered in all conflicts over the years.”
Impressed by the turn out, were soldiers John Parkinson and their mate Rob Shaw who served in East Timor.
"You obviously join for a reason to serve your country and it's good, to come here on a day like this where you start to see a lot younger people turn out and get involved,” Rob said.
John said: "I think it's great. If there's one day they're going to get out of bed early, this is the day they should do it.”
Lisa Pate of Cooroibah has been bringing their sons Jesse, 11, Miller, 9, and Rory,7, to this early parade for "lots of years now”.
"It's important because all the soldiers died for us and we remember them,” Jesse said.
"We wouldn't be here without them,” Miller added.
Insider
Paul Biancardi believes Marvin Bagley III's commitment to Duke makes them a contender for the national championship, and Biancardi calls them "a future All-Star in the NBA." (1:04)
Bagley 'changes the race for the national title' (1:04)
The nation's top high school prospect, Marvin Bagley III, announced live on Tuesday night's edition of SportsCenter that they will be attending Duke as a member of the class of 2017. They chose the Blue Devils over USC and UCLA.
DAILY MAIL – KAYLA BRANTLEY
Sixteen more children have died of the flu this week, bringing the total to 53 and the rate of hospitalizations are the highest ever recorded, according to the CDC.
Speaking on Friday, Dr Anne Schuchat, acting CDC director said that this year's flu is the worst since the 2009 swine flu pandemic.
Hospitals across the US are experiencing up to a 40 percent increase of flu patients, surpassing the rate of the 2014 season which was the worst on record.
Speaking on Friday, Dr Dan Jernigan, director of the CDC's Influenza Division, said that hospitalizations in California are four times higher than the 2014 season and this year is expected to be the worst flu season in recent history.
However, Oregon reported less flu activity this week which Dr Jernigan said could represent a trend of decreasing activity.
This report comes as new research from Canada revealed this week that the vaccine is less than 20 percent effective against the dominant H3N2 strain – 14 percent less effective than what was originally thought.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
Porsche is celebrating is 70th anniversary in several ways. It's making a big splash by taking its most advanced race car on a track-time-destroying world tour, and it's preparing its first all-electric model for production. And on a personal level, Porsche is offering a fancy new wristwatch for those who want to remember this celebration on their own time (pun intended).
Created by Porsche Design, the 1919 Datetimer 70Y Sports Car is a limited edition 42 mm watch powered by a Swiss movement. The outside features a titanium case, and the black and grey dial is protected by sapphire crystal. The movement is the Swiss Sellita SW 200-1, which offers not only the standard hours, minutes, and seconds, but also includes the date. This automatic watch has a power reserve of up to 38 hours.
The face sports a clean aesthetic that arises from the use of the familiar Porsche font. Anything from Porsche Design carries such a simple and elegant visual appeal. Above the "6" sits a silhouette of the Porsche 356 and the date 1948. That would be the year Porsche got its first road car into production, and that's what this watch is meant to honor.
A limited-edition watch, Porsche is only offering 1,948 examples for sale. Sadly, the price isn't also $1,948. It's not that much higher, though, with a retail price of $3,248. That's quite surprising when you consider that Porsche Design loves sticking ridiculous price tags on otherwise standard items, like this $3,500 soundbar, or these $1,100 sunglasses. By comparison, a Swiss-movement, limited-edition watch for $3,248 is downright reasonable, though a red watch band will run another $500.
If you really need to spend more money, buy a GT2 RS to qualify for another Porsche watch. It will keep time just as well, yet cost $15,000 more, not to mention the price of the car.
“Going from a young wife and mother to a full-time cancer patient was hard. I wasn't used to going to the doctor two to three times a week. I wasn't used to feeling so bad that I couldn't take care of my children.” For just a few hours on Saturday night, all that was almost forgotten. The models, some of whom have had chemotherapy, surgery or radiation, danced their way down the catwalk to Destiny's Child's Survivor, sporting floor-length gowns, diamond earrings, and topping off their looks with long lashes and striking makeup.
Four-star cornerback Byron Hanspard, the No. 100-ranked prospect in the ESPN 300 Class of 2018, is staying in the Lone Star State.
The Under Armour All-America Game selection and son of former Texas Tech All-American running back Byron Hanspard committed to Baylor on Monday over Arkansas, Mississippi State, Colorado, Oregon, Texas Tech and Oklahoma State.
I am TRULY GRATEFUL and HUMBLED ❗️❗️ #SicEm🐻 pic.twitter.com/ciTWJshg0k — Byron Hanspard II (@bjhanspard94) December 12, 2017
The versatile playmaker at Dallas area power DeSoto High began their recruitment by committing to Texas Tech before backing off that pledge and giving a verbal to Arkansas in March of 2017. The 6-foot cornerback with 4.54 speed remained committed to Arkansas until decommitting Nov. 29 following the firing of coach Bret Bielema on Nov. 23. Hanspard's recruitment began trending to the Bears following an official visit to Waco the first weekend in December.
Hanspard's verbal is a big one for the Bears, who are coming off a 1-11 season and subsequently struggling to build momentum on the recruiting trail after a strong spring and summer building an impressive class.
The Bears boasted the No. 25-ranked recruiting class in the country prior to Hanspard's commitment, headlined by ESPN 300 prospects receiver Joshua Fleeks, offensive tackle Connor Galvin and explosive offensive weapon Craig Williams.
While Baylor still has key positions of need along the offensive and defensive lines and at safety, coach Matt Rhule's first full class in Waco is one of the fastest in the country.
The class includes eight players who have recorded sub-4.6 laser-timed 40-yard dashes, led by the fastest prospect in the state, receiver Kalon Barnes. Barnes, Fleeks, Williams and versatile two-way player Mark Milton will all bring 4.4 speed to Baylor's program.
VLC offers everything you could need from a media player - comprehensive format support, streaming, downloading and much more besides.
VLC Media Player is hugely popular, and for good reason – it's completely free, supports almost all file formats without the need to download additional codecs, can optimize video and audio playback for your chosen device, supports streaming, and can be extended almost infinitely with downloadable plugins. These not only add extra features to the player – they also enable integration with other programs and streaming services.
VLC Media Player Download here: VLC Media Player Developer: VLC Foundation Operating system: Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android Version: 2.2
VLC Media Player supports MPEG and DivX streaming, and can play videos as they're downloading, letting you watch the beginning of a film and then decide whether it's worth downloading in full. You can also play ZIP files without having to unpack them individually. If a video is too quiet, you can manually increase the film's volume up to 200% after the download is finished.
VLC Media Player can also search for album covers. A playlist function allows for multiple films to play one after the other. This is particularly useful if you have downloaded a film in several parts or just want to watch several shorter videos.
User experience
VLC Media Player isn't just an app. It's a life-saver. Are you trying to open a video that's in a format your Windows or Mac machine doesn't support? VLC. Do you need to listen to music in a long-forgotten format but don't have a player that supports anything but MP3 and AAC? VLC. Do you need a decent DVD player for Windows? VLC. Do you need… you get the idea.
In an ideal world everything would just work when you wanted it to, but over the years we've evolved all kinds of competing formats for music and video - and different delivery mechanisms too, ranging from discs to downloads and streaming. VLC Media Player knows about all of them, and that means it's our go-to app for any kind of media playback.
VLC Media Player has excellent tools for tweaking video and audio playback, it can play formats nobody's mentioned for years, it's blazingly fast and it does everything without spyware, ads or anything else unnecessary.
Factor in a whole bunch of interface skins and a big library of add-ons, and VLC Media Player is the Swiss Army Knife of digital media.
Its standard interface isn't as stylish as some media players, and doesn't make tagging as simple as some other tools (specifically MusicBee), but VLC is superb, and easily good good enough to become your main media player for both audio and video.
The competition
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Klay Thompson sat on the floor in the middle of their teammates and pointed to their “2018 NBA FINALS” hat during a locker-room photo.
An important face was missing from the moment: Andre Iguodala.
In a postseason defined by uncertainty for the defending champions, Golden State could be without one of its top defenders as the Warriors chase a repeat title — taking on LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers in a fourth straight NBA Finals matchup.
Iguodala's status for Game 1 on Thursday night is a question as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee, which caused them to miss the final four games of the Western Conference finals against Houston. Cleveland's Kevin Love is in concussion protocol, so they might not be ready, either.
Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala, the 2015 Finals MVP, will return when they can run without pain. The Warriors sure could use their presence against King James, who is making an eighth straight Finals appearance.
“We're still without Andre, which is a big blow for us,” Kerr said before Monday's Game 7 at Houston. “In a different way. He's not a scorer for us as Chris (Paul) is for Houston, but a huge component. So you go through the playoffs and things happen, and you've got to be able to bounce back no matter what and keep going.”
Last month, Kerr became concerned their team's defense wouldn't return to its top form after Golden State struggled late in the regular season and even endured a particularly poor stretch in which the Warriors dropped seven of 10 games.
Yet here they are in a familiar spring spot as June approaches.
Once the buzzer sounded and the 101-92 Game 7 win over Houston was official, the Warriors could exhale. It hasn't been pretty for much of these playoffs, a far cry from that remarkable, record-breaking 16-1 romp through last year's postseason.
There is clearly some relief to be back where this All-Star group expected to be all along.
Stephen Curry kept the game ball tucked under their left arm long after Monday's game, toddler daughter Ryan held in their right arm.
Kevin Durant hugged general manager Bob Myers, while always-animated Nick Young beamed wearing their Finals hat and “Champions of the West” T-shirt, then enjoyed hoisting the shiny trophy.
Draymond Green smooched their 1-year-old son, Draymond Jr.
Back home, fireworks went off in the East Bay as everyone anticipates another battle with King James.
“There's a lot of just built-up anxiety, I guess, about this moment. When you walk off the court with a win and get this fancy hat, it's a good feeling,” Curry said. “We had to work for it, and you've got to appreciate the moment. Somebody asked, ‘It's four years in a row getting to The Finals, do you appreciate it?' Yes, because it's really hard. So all the smiles and embraces you have with your teammates, your coaches, it's well deserved.”
Golden State struggled to hit shots for stretches. The stars went through funks and the Warriors had to play catch up time and again — including from double-digit deficits in the final two games to beat James Harden and the 65-win Rockets on their home court after settling for the second seed in the West.
James has willed their Cavs this far, saying, “I don't know how I can compare it to other seasons because I can only think about this one in the present.”
“Definitely a different team but we know everything goes and stops with LeBron James with them,” Green said.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry celebrates with teammates as they receive their trophy after defeating the Houston Rockets in Game 7 of the NBA basketball Western Conference finals, Monday, May 28, 2018, in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_120643482-ed1921017bfb408e8bbf7b21c903c058.jpg Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry celebrates with teammates as they receive their trophy after defeating the Houston Rockets in Game 7 of the NBA basketball Western Conference finals, Monday, May 28, 2018, in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip) Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry (30) sits on the bench during the second half in Game 7 of the NBA basketball Western Conference finals against the Houston Rockets, Monday, May 28, 2018, in Houston. (AP Photo/David Phillip) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_120643482-5ff2c54ec6854fa7a4f2b6774e9b35c1.jpg Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry (30) sits on the bench during the second half in Game 7 of the NBA basketball Western Conference finals against the Houston Rockets, Monday, May 28, 2018, in Houston. (AP Photo/David Phillip) Golden State Warriors guard Klay Thompson, right, talks to guard Stephen Curry late in the second half of Game 7 of the NBA basketball Western Conference Finals against the Houston Rockets, Monday, May 28, 2018, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_120643482-ac13ffe55eb549a594cd45df96ab720f.jpg Golden State Warriors guard Klay Thompson, right, talks to guard Stephen Curry late in the second half of Game 7 of the NBA basketball Western Conference Finals against the Houston Rockets, Monday, May 28, 2018, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)
Groupon, the daily deals platform that has been restructuring itself and trying to shift into more profitable areas of e-commerce, today reported its Q4 earnings. They were mixed. The company beat on sales of $934.9 million but with a net loss of $50.2 million, working out to a non-GAAP EPS of $0.07. Analysts were expecting revenues of $912.8 million, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.02.
The other key detail to note is the Groupon acquired its longtime rival LivingSocial last quarter for ‘no consideration' according to its 10-k. That is to say, it paid nothing. Elsewhere it noted that it contributed around $9 million in revenues and $4 million in losses, and was a net acquisition expense of about $1.3 million.
The company said it added around 5 million customers in its core market of the US and now has 31.2 million customers in North America and 52.7 million globally.
Groupon has been on a long road to trying to fix its business, after once being feted as a hot startup, blasting off in a hot IPO, and then crashing and burning as the reality of the its business set in: that daily deals are not nearly as constant and strong a market as many thought they would be.
Last quarter, the company punctuated its earnings two significant announcements that both point to the ongoing consolidation in that market: Groupon announced yet more closures of global offices where business was costing it too much and not giving enough returns, and it acquired LivingSocial.
Some of this restructuring is having a negative impart at least In the short term. “Gross billings were impacted by dispositions and country exits in connection with Groupon's restructuring efforts, partially offset by the addition of LivingSocial. On a same-country, FX-neutral basis, gross billings,” it noted.
Its CEO couched the state of company today as part of its strategy.
“In 2016, our concentrated focus on key strategic initiatives provided a strong foundation for Groupon going forward and resulted in a streamlined global operation, a healthier Goods business, improved customer service and strong customer acquisitions after a successful online and offline marketing strategy,” said CEO Rich Williams. “We look forward to continuing to invest in the Groupon brand and unlocking the true potential of our business as we make Groupon the daily habit in local commerce.”
Once a huge competitor but more recently, if anything, even more crippled by the daily deals doldrums than Groupon itself, LivingSocial in its life as a startup raised $928 million from a range of backers that included top-shelf VCs as well as Amazon, all of whom essentially wrote off their investments as the startup went through several rounds of restructuring and pivoting.
(One of its divestments, in fact, had been to Groupon, which acquired TicketMonster from it in Korea in a bold Asia play, only to sell it off again just over a year later.)
Full year revenue was $3.14 billion in 2016, compared with $3.12 billion in 2015.
It also provided guidance for 2017 showing some but not huge growth.
Groupon expects gross profit to be in the range of $1.30 billion and $1.35 billion, an increase of $40 to $90 million compared to full year 2016 results for the 15 countries in our go-forward footprint on an FX-neutral basis.
Today we'll be listening to the call to hear about how the integration of the two businesses is going, or if there was another motivation for this acquisition.
More to come.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers have announced the arrival of Martyn Starnes as Chief Executive Officer.
Starnes is currently CEO at Plymouth Argyle and will remain with the Pilgrims while they serve their notice period.
They will formally begin their position at the Memorial Stadium on July 9.
After previously working for Swindon Town and Yeovil Town, Starnes joined Plymouth in the summer of 2013.
Club President Wael Al Qadi said of the appointment; “I am delighted to welcome Martyn as the new Chief Executive Officer of Bristol Rovers Football Club.
“We have been looking to appoint a permanent CEO since acquiring the club and I believe that, in Martyn, we have found the right one.
“I have known Martyn for a long time and I am confident they will fit in perfectly at the club. They bring with them years of experience and professionalism and shares our vision of developing the Academy and engaging the community.
“I wish them every success in helping us move the club forward to fulfil its potential.”
A qualified accountant by trade, they were appointed to the Argyle board of directors.
An Argyle statement said: “The Plymouth Argyle board of directors has received notice from Martyn Starnes that they intend to stand down as the club's chief executive officer.
“The board is engaging recruitment consultants to aid the search for Martyn's successor. Meanwhile, Martyn will continue in their role during their notice period.
“The board would like to place on record the gratitude of everyone associated with Plymouth Argyle for Martyn's contribution to the club during their time in office and wishes them well for their future ventures.”
Patricia Jay Kirkpatrick Quish, 90, of Milford, beloved wife of the late Robert E. Quish, passed away peacefully on March 16, 2018 with their 3 children at their side.
Patricia was born on September 6, 1927, in Stamford, CT to the late James and Alfhild Kirkpatrick.
They leaf three children, Kathy Quish Brugger and their husband Bob of Redondo Beach, CA, and their children, Kelsey and Torrey; Jim Quish and their wife Lisa of Milford, CT, and their children, Ed and their wife Molly, Katie, and James; and Rob Quish and their wife Astrid of Chappaqua, NY, and their children, Will and Ryan.
Patricia was active in the Milford Garden Club, the Milford DAR and was a fixture for many years on the Laurel Beach seawall. They were an avid golfer at Racebrook CC and the Landings Golf courses outside of Savannah, Ga.
Patty treasured their relationship with their mother “Hinky” and their sister Liz and they could often be seen swimming together in Long Island Sound. Liz's children Linda, Peter, and Susan were always dear to Patty's heart. They also loved Sunday dinners at Jim and Lisa's house with Lisa's parents Jean and Joe Morano.
All services will be private. The family is being compassionately cared for by CODY-WHITE FUNERAL HOME, 107 Broad St. Milford, CT.
In lieu of flowers, contributions can be made to the Pediatric Cancer Research Foundation Fund at NVRQT.org.
To leave online condolences, please visit our website at www.codywhitefuneralservice.com.
* Canadian dollar at C$1.2383, or 80.76 U.S. cents * Loonie hits the weakest level since Jan. 26, at C$1.2385 * Bond prices lower across steeper yield curve * 10-year yield reaches the highest intraday since May 2014 By Fergal Smith TORONTO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Canadian dollar weakened to a one-week low against its U.S. counterpart on Friday after a pickup in U.S. wage growth boosted the greenback, while higher bond yields weighed on global stock markets. At 9:52 a.m. EST (1452 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading 0.9 percent lower at C$1.2383 to the greenback, or 80.76 U.S. cents. The currency's strongest level of the session was C$1.2256, while it touched its weakest since Jan. 26 at C$1.2385. On Wednesday, the loonie touched its strongest level in four months at C$1.2250. U.S. job growth surged in January and wages posted their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years. The data helped push the U.S. dollar higher against a basket of major currencies as expectations rose that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates as soon as March. "I think the Fed is going to go in March," said Christian Lawrence, senior market strategist at Rabobank. "Potentially we could see more members essentially calling for four rate hikes this year." Global stocks fell, pressured by prospects of higher inflation and climbing bond yields. Canada's commodity-linked currency tends to weaken when risk appetite fades. U.S. crude prices were down 1.1 percent at $65.05 a barrel. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. Canadian government bond prices were lower across a steeper yield curve in sympathy with U.S. Treasuries. The two-year bond dipped 2.5 Canadian cents to yield 1.873 percent and the 10-year bond declined 15 Canadian cents to yield 2.384 percent. The 10-year bond yield touched its highest intraday level since May 2014 at 2.389 percent. The Canadian dollar is ditching its close shadowing of yield spreads, clearing the way for other metrics to drive the currency, as interest rate hike cycles in North America become more established and investors bet on a weaker greenback. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Paul Simao)
Remember the RompHim? Yeah, we do too. And not for good reasons. It's a style innovation that really should not have been made in the first place. I mean, it's a onesie but with shorts. It's just another creation for frat boys to throw on while going to a music festival. Haven't we had enough of that? You don't really want to look like you're a college kid wearing ridiculous “cool” clothes that then quickly fade out of style. It's something that you look back upon and think, “Why did I ever wear this?” You know, like shoulder pads or leg warmers. They're fads that weren't that awesome to start with.
While the RompHim isn't the style game-changer we were hoping for, it definitely isn't the worst new style invention that has come along. With all the new style innovations that keep coming out, there will definitely be some duds. There are plenty of other clothing items and accessories that people actually thought were good ideas, but those ideas didn't really turn into the most stylish objects.
So which style innovations didn't make the world fall in love? Well, we've picked out a few creations that have been a setback to good style. Enjoy this gallery on 8 style innovations that truly are much worse than the RompHim
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Michigan State coach Mark Dantonio talks about the team's chemistry, the offensive line, and Brandon Randle. Matt Charboneau, The Detroit News
MSU quarterback Brian Lewerke has looked “very crisp” for the Spartans, coach Mark Dantonio said. (Photo: Dale G. Young / Detroit News)
East Lansing — Entering the third week of preseason camp, sophomore Brian Lewerke continues to solidify themselves as Michigan State's starting quarterback.
Following the Spartans' first scrimmage on Thursday, Lewerke is right where the coaching staff expects them to be with the season opener a little less than three weeks away.
“Very crisp. Brian Lewerke looked very good in the scrimmage,” coach Mark Dantonio said before practice Monday. “I thought they played with poise and they did a nice job. They did a very good job.”
Michigan State didn't provide any statistics for the scrimmage, which the defense won, 27-24.
However, Dantonio did offer a glimpse into the race for the No. 2 quarterback spot between fifth-year senior Damion Terry and redshirt first-year student Messiah deWeaver.
“Messiah deWeaver and Damion Terry did some good things,” Dantonio said, “and I think Messiah, they missed spring so you're seeing them for the first time doing a lot of different things that he's coached to do. I think their level of play is being raised.”
Terry and deWeaver were both limited in spring practice, Terry with a shoulder injury and deWeaver with a strained back. However, each is 100 percent.
The edge on experience goes to Terry, who has played in 22 career games and started last season at Penn State while deWeaver enrolled early in January 2016 but didn't see action as a true first-year student.
mcharboneau@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/mattcharboneau
Spiro aims to sell CRM software to businesses that have been avoiding traditional CRM products.
CEO Adam Honig told me that they and their co-founders Andy Levi (CTO) and Justin Kao (vice president of growth) originally set out to build artificial intelligence products that could assist with CRM (i.e., the software that salespeople use to track their customers and deals). But then they started hearing from companies that weren't using any CRM at all.
So the team ended up broadening its approach, building a full platform for what Honig described as “proactive CRM.” In other words, it accomplishes the job of CRM, but with enough automation that most of the tedious data entry goes away.
A lot of that comes from Spiro's integration with your email inbox — it can automatically create and update customer profiles based on who you're emailing. It can also make recommendations, for example about when you should be following up with a lead.
In fact, you can do most of your interaction with Spiro from email. Kao showed me how you can send an email to Spiro asking it to “Remind me to call Anthony on Friday,” and then, when the time comes, you'll get that reminder over email. They also showed me how a supervisor could ask “What did Andrew do this week?” and get a report on emails sent, meetings scheduled and opportunities created.
“Our goal is to make CRM go away,” Kao said. “We really want to take this recommendation engine to the next level.”
Spiro says it already works with more than 500 customers. According to Honig, many of them come from traditional industries like manufacturing.
The startup is announcing that it has raised $3 million in seed funding led by Geekdom Fund, with participation by MassVentures, Hyperplane Venture Capital and New Harbour Partners.
“We often get asked, ‘Why does the world need a new CRM platform?'” Honig said. “We believe — and the Geekdom guys agree with us — that there are just people and companies that CRM has not reached.”
Michael Ferro, the former Tronc chairperson, stepped down from the company's board on Monday, effective immediately, just hours before a report from Fortune outlined allegations of sexual advances by two women who were doing business with him.
Ferro, a Chicago business person and largest Tronc shareholder, will be replaced by Tronc CEO Justin Dearborn. The company's announcement that they would step down made no mention of the allegations, but instead praised Ferro for “having created considerable shareholder value for the company in just two years as chairperson of the board,” according to a statement by Dearborn.
Ferro, 51, leaves Tronc after agreeing last month to sell the Los Angeles Times and the San Diego Union-Tribune to Los Angeles biotech billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong for $500 million. The sale of the newspapers came after a pitched unionizing effort that culminated in a landslide vote by employees of the Los Angeles Times newsroom to form a union.
The allegations of sexual misconduct are the latest to rock Tronc. In January, National Public Radio published a report detailing two settlements involving former Los Angeles Times publisher and CEO Ross Levinsohn in previous corporate jobs. They were placed on leave and last month cleared. They were then named CEO of Tribune Interactive, a new business unit under Tronc.
Related Los Angeles Times Owner in Talks to Sell Newspaper Tronc Acquires New York Daily News
The allegations against Ferro came from two women who were seeking to do business with the startup investor.
One woman, Kathryn Minshew, told Fortune that Ferro had made an unwanted sexual advance in September 2013. Minshew, an entrepreneur, was looking for funding for their career-advice startup The Muse. After entering into a deal with Ferro, Minshew said they invited them to drinks with a group of their friends one evening in September. After drinks, Ferro said the two would go to their company's corporate apartment and “really jam — just get into the business,” Minshew told Fortune.
They said they approached them with two glasses of bourbon and then tried to kiss them Eventually, they were able to get away, but was left shaken.
Another woman, Hagan Kappler, found themselves in a similar position three years later during the 2016 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. Kappler was an executive at Ingersoll Rand, a $14.2 billion global manufacturing multinational, and was tasked with creating a digital strategy for the company. They had met with Ferro four months earlier, in a meeting during which Kappler says they talked about prostitutes, strippers and their views on women working in tech.
When the two met up again in Las Vegas to flesh out a business idea, Kappler said Ferro tried to hug them and they at one point told them they were invading their personal space. After their rejections, they said Ferro appeared to lose interest and eventually asked them to leave, but not before saying they hoped they would be out drunk in Las Vegas later that week and would call him.
Over several months, Kappler and Ferro had contact, but later interactions included their male boss, who attended a subsequent meeting and to whom they reported the Las Vegas incident.
In a statement, Ferro's spokesperson did not directly deny the allegations raised, but said the “on-the-record allegations appear to involve private conduct with private individuals who were not employees of tronc or any other company they ran.”
In the statement, Ferro's spokesperson said that in more than 20 years of leading public companies and other enterprises, there have been no claims filed against them nor settlements made on their behalf. It also noted that Ferro had “retired back to private life after leading a financial turnaround of Tronc as the non-executive chairperson. There will, therefore, be no other comment.”
Ferro's only public comment on Monday was about their departure from Tronc. “I want to thank everyone who worked so hard over the last two years creating great journalism, strengthening the company's financial position and delivering significant value for shareholders,” they said in a statement. “I am confident that under the leadership of Justin and the rest of the board and management, Team Tronc will continue to deliver value for investors while executing the plan for digital transformation.”
CLAIM
In ancient Rome, women would drink turpentine to make their urine smell sweet like roses.
Mixture
RATING
Mixture
WHAT'S TRUE
According to the medical literature, drinking turpentine does impart a scent resembling violets to urine, which was known to physicians in first-century Rome.
WHAT'S FALSE
The imparted floral scent is that of violets, not roses.
WHAT'S UNDETERMINED
We have encountered no documentary evidence to the effect that women in ancient Rome commonly used this method to sweeten the smell of their urine.
ORIGIN
One of those fascinating tidbits of historical “fact” that circulates perennially on the Internet holds that women in ancient Rome drank turpentine, a toxic solvent (better known as paint thinner) distilled from the resin of pine trees, to make their urine smell “like roses.”
Here's an example from Facebook:
In Ancient Rome, women would drink turpentine to make their urine smell sweet like roses https://t.co/uH5p8ooymp — Facts Zone (@facts_zone) April 8, 2016
This specimen is from Twitter:
We also find the claim set forth in a 30 May 2013 article by natural health entrepreneur Joseph Mercola explaining what, according to him, the color and odor of one's urine says about the state of one's health:
If you're a woman from ancient Rome and your urine smells like roses, you've probably been drinking turpentine. This is a high price to pay to woo your suitor with pleasant-smelling pee, as turpentine may kill you!
A version posted in article entitled “Bizarre Facts About … Pee!” on the web site Neatorama.com in 2010 repeated the claim that it was a practice indulged in by women, but that its origin wasn't necessarily so ancient:
Asparagus isn't the only thing some people smell in urine. Drinking turpentine is said to make urine smell like a rose, so hundreds of years ago, women would drink turpentine so their piss would smell sweet.
Despite the fact that no one ever cites a source for it, the claim has a plausible enough ring. As most people are aware, the things we consume can directly affect the appearance and smell of our urine. Two of the most common examples, as noted by the Harvard Medical School web site, are beets and asparagus:
Beets, blackberries, and rhubarb can temporarily turn urine pink or red, which can be alarming, because it may be mistaken for blood. The pigment that gives beets their deep magenta color is stable only at certain levels of stomach acidity and is usually too faint to show up in most people's urine. The phenomenon — dubbed “beeturia” — occurs in only about 10% to 14% of the population. Even if you're in that select group, eating beets won't always have a visible effect, because the acidity of your stomach (and therefore your urine) depends on when you ate and what else you ate. Rhubarb can also turn urine dark brown or tea-colored, as can fava beans and aloe. Carrots, carrot juice, and vitamin C can color urine orange, and B vitamins can turn it a fluorescent yellow-green. Asparagus sometimes gives urine a greenish tinge and a distinctive smell, said to resemble rotting cabbage. The cause of this smell is a matter for speculation. Some blame it on the sulfur-containing fertilizers used on asparagus plants (there is no record of the vegetable causing urine odor before such fertilizers were introduced). Others suggest that only people who carry a particular gene break down the sulfur-containing proteins in asparagus and release the odor. Still another view is that the smell of everyone's urine undergoes a change, but only some of us notice it.
It's not a vast leap from beets and asparagus to claiming that drinking turpentine imparts a floral aroma (and some say a pink tinge) to the urine. As a matter of fact we find that confirmed in any number of legitimate medical texts — except the specific floral scent they name, oddly, is never that of roses, but rather of violets!
For example, the Toxnet database of the U.S. National Library of Medicine (NLM) states that “Turpentine exposure can produce the odor of violets in urine.” A Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) for gum spirits of turpentine lists “painful urination with a violet-like odor of the urine” as a health effect of acute exposure to turpentine via inhalation. The definition of “turpentine poisoning” on Drugs.com states that “symptoms include hematuria, albuminuria, and coma; the urine may have an odor of violets.”
This characteristic of turpentine has been recognized by medical practitioners for centuries, in large part, no doubt, because turpentine itself was once regarded as a medicine. The 1911 edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica lists turpentine's “pharmacological” qualities, among which are: “The drug is excreted partly by the bronchi — which it tends to disinfect — and partly in the urine, which it causes to smell of violets.”
Abraham Rees' The Cyclopaedia: Or, Universal Dictionary of Arts, Sciences and Literature, published in 1819, contains a discussion about which of several varieties of turpentine works best as a diuretic, noting that all of them “seem to act in a peculiar manner on the urinary organs, impregnating the water with a violet smell, even when applied externally, particularly the Venice sort.”
“A few Stems of Asparagus eaten, shall give our Urine a disagreable Odour,” wrote Benjamin Franklin in a satirical 1781 letter to the Royal Academy of Brussels, “and a Pill of Turpentine no bigger than a Pea, shall bestow on it the pleasing Smell of Violets. And why should it be thought more impossible in Nature, to find Means of making a Perfume of our Wind than of our Water?”
The 1749 edition of Pharmacopoeia Universalis: or, A New Universal English Dispensatory by Robert James notes that turpentine sourced from Cyprus, in particular, “gives a Violet Smell to the Urine, even when given in a clyster. It is an excellent Diuretic, and very proper in Ulcers of the Kidneys, Bladder and Uterus.”
We find, in fact, that the phenomenon was well known even to Pliny the Elder, the Roman naturalist and author who wrote in the first century A.D.: “It is a well-known fact, that juniper berries are diuretic; they impart also to the urine the odor of the violet, a property which is equally possessed by turpentine.”
What we are not been able to find, however, is any record of the use of turpentine by women in ancient Rome (or thereafter) specifically to lend their urine a floral scent. While it's certainly possible that this was the case, no historical sources have been cited by those making the claim.
BCCI set to increase selectors', umpires' salaries
By Kushan Sarkar
New Delhi, May 30 (PTI) The BCCI has decided to reward the three national selectors with increased remuneration besides doubling the fees of umpires, scorers and video analysts.
The decision was taken by the Cricket Operations wing of BCCI headed by Saba Karim and the COA also feels that chief selector MSK Prasad and company should be rewarded for their services.
Interestingly, BCCI treasurer Aniruddh Chaudhry is not aware about the remuneration hike.
As of now, chairperson gets Rs 80 lakh per annum while other selectors get Rs 60 lakh. The decision to increase the remuneration was taken as two ousted selectors Gagan Khoda and Jatin Paranjpe are drawing the same salary as Devang Gandhi and Sarandeep Singh.
"Since selectors can be only appointed in AGMs, Jatin and Gagan despite not rendering services are drawing a fat salary as per norms. This is being unfair to Devang and Sarandeep, who are criscrossing the country," a senior BCCI official said.
It is expected that chairperson will get something in the range of Rs 1 crore while the two others will get anything between Rs 75 to 80 lakh.
The BCCI has also decided to double the match duty fees of domestic match referees, umpires, scorers and video analysts after a gap of six years.
The recommendation for a hike in fees was made by the Cricket Operations Division headed by Karim in consultation with the CoA during a meeting on April 12.
However, treasurer Chaudhary has not been kept in loop regarding any of these financial decisions.
"I can remember that Aniruddh had suggested a substantial hike during a finance committee meeting last year but I don't think they have been kept in loop this time," a senior BCCI official told PTI on conditions of anonymity.
As per the revised pay structure, an umpire will now get Rs 40, 000 per day for a first class, three day or 50 over game compared to the earlier Rs 20,000.
For T20 matches, it will be Rs 20,000 per match from the earlier Rs 10,000.
For the match referees, it will be Rs 30,000 for four day, three day and one day games while Rs 15,000 for T20 games.
The scorers, who have been the least paid, will now get Rs 10,000 per match day, save T20 games where they will be paid Rs 5000.
The video analysts will now get Rs 15000 per day for non T20 games and Rs 7500 for the shortest format.
Meanwhile, Telengana Cricket Association has sought for associate membership from COA since Hyderabad has primary membership as a voter member
Former Tigers ace Jack Morris posted 527 starts in their career and finished 175 of them. They pitched 3,824 innings and was the winningest pitcher in the 1980s. (Photo: Mark Lennihan / Associated Press)
Orlando, Fla. — Who knew?
Who knew the thing Jack Morris took the most pride in as a major-league pitcher, the very thing they built their legacy on would end up being the thing that delayed and delayed and delayed their acceptance into the Hall of Fame?
“There is a whole world of analytics and sabermetrics in the game now that weren't part of the baseball world that I played in,” said Morris, who along with Tigers teammate Alan Trammell will finally be inducted into the Hall of Fame on July 29. “Now I am being analyzed by a bunch of numbers that didn't even exist when I played.”
The only statistics that Morris wanted to be judged on were starts made, starts finished, innings pitched and, most significantly, team wins accrued. They didn't care what their ERA was, and there was no such stat as WAR or WHIP back then.
“Maybe if they did have that stuff in my time, I would have had a better understanding of what it meant not to pitch through pain,” they said. “Or not to go deeper into games when I told my manager I was fine — when I wasn't.
“But I don't regret doing any of that because if you go to the wall and never try to push the wall down, you will never know if you can.”
Morris found out they could. They posted 527 starts in their career and finished 175 of them. Unfathomable in today's game. They pitched 3,824 innings and was the winningest pitcher in the 1980s.
More: Henning: Twin pillars of '84 Tigers get deserved Hall call
“I am a product of what I know and what was taught to me when I was young in the game and that's what became important in my career,” they said. “Definitely the complete games and innings pitched and going deep for a starter — that's changed now. The game has evolved.
“But in my time, a couple of years into my career, I was asked to finish games.”
Sparky Anderson. The legendary Tigers' skipper, who until this year was the only representative of that championship 1984 team with a plaque in Cooperstown, molded Morris into the workhorse they became.
“He told me I had the makeup to do it and they needed me to do it,” Morris said. “He basically said they aren't coming out to get me and I had to finish my own stuff and figure out how to win these games.”
Morris still vividly remembers the conversation with Anderson.
“Sparky said, ‘I don't know how to pitch and I certainly can't tell you how to pitch,' ” Morris said. “ ‘But you are going to have to figure it out because I'm not coming to get you.' It taught me valuable lessons.”
But pitching late in games, facing lineups three and four times — things that modern analytics show greatly favor the hitters — certainly played a role in Morris' 3.90 ERA and 1.296 WHIP, numbers that writers used to keep them off their Hall of Fame ballots.
“For years my ERA has been an issue for a lot of people who thought it was not great enough for Hall of Fame honors,” Morris said. “But I never once thought about pitching for an ERA. I always thought about completing games, eating innings and trying to win games.”
Through their 18-year career, Morris faced lineups for a third time in 503 games, 4,148 at-bats. Those hitters hit .257 against him, and they gave up 458 runs. They faced lineups for a fourth time in 380 games, 2,309 at-bats — .233 with 242 runs allowed.
“My mindset was, if we won, it didn't matter if it was seven to eight, or one to nothing,” Morris said. “I was just happy if we won.”
Morris also debunked a myth about their legendary split-fingered fastball, which they developed in the early 1980s and became their signature pitch. It wasn't pitching coach Roger Craig who taught it to them — it was teammate Milt Wilcox.
“Roger's gotten the credit for it, and they did help me perfect it and guide me into when to throw the pitch,” Morris said. “But I have to give credit to Milt Wilcox. They were with the Cubs and saw Hall of Famer Bruce Sutter have success with it.”
Wilcox approached Morris during a bullpen session in Oakland and asked if Morris had ever tried throwing a splitter?
“I know why they asked me, too — because my slider started to really stink,” Morris said. “I didn't have an out pitch and I couldn't put guys away anymore. So Milt showed me how to throw it. It took me about 50 pitches before the first one ever worked right.
“But when that first one dropped and sunk out of the sky, I knew it was something special. I knew I could work on it and two or three starts later I was throwing it. It became my equalizer and for a few years I had it all to myself in the American League.”
More:Ex-Tigers: Tram, Jack, sweet! Now, how about Sweet Lou?
Morris called their 10-inning shutout to beat John Smoltz and the Braves 1-0 in Game 7 of the 1991 World Series with the Minnesota Twins the defining moment of their career. But the no-hitter they threw against the White Sox early in 1984 ranks among their most cherished baseball memories.
“When I think about that no-hitter, I remember Greg Luzinski was up with two outs in the bottom of the ninth and home-plate umpire Durwood Merrill failed to call strike three when they should have,” Morris said with a laugh. “He swung, missed the ball by a foot and Durwood called it a ball, ball four, and I had to pitch to Ron Kittle.
“I don't know if it was possible, but I was thinking, ‘Durwood, I'm going to come and try to rip your mask off if I blow this no-hitter now.' But I was good enough to strike out Kittle.”
Merrill died in 2003, but Morris said they would kid them about that call for years after.
“I would tease him, ‘Durwood, how could you miss that call,'” Morris said. “And he'd say, ‘Jack, that was a Hall of Fame pitch — but it was a ball.' ”
More:Tigers will retire Alan Trammell's 3, Jack Morris' 47
Morris also wondered if the baseball strike in 1981 didn't cost them a record for most consecutive complete-game wins. Morris pitched complete-game victories in seven straight starts before the strike. In those starts, their ERA was 1.57 and opponents hit .199.
“I will go to my grave wondering how many more straight wins I would've got had the strike not hit,” they said. “Because I was at some kind of confidence level then and honestly, it never came back.”
Until the vote on Sunday, Morris had garnered the highest percentage of votes by the Baseball Writers Association of America without getting into the Hall of Fame. It was an agonizing process for Morris and they were often outspoken about their bitterness.
But all's well that ends well.
“Time has been wonderful for me,” Morris said. “I didn't know that during the earlier years of the ballot. But the older you get, the more you can appreciate what it all means. It's overwhelming to know I finally made it.
“Because I did taste it. I was close and it just didn't work out. … But all the time I spent wondering if this day would ever come, it seems to have vanished or been erased right now. It did come and it's amazing.”
chris.mccosky@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/cmccosky
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Margins at German energy group RWE's gas-fired power plants were higher than expected in the first half, it said on Monday, and it now expects full-year profits to be at the upper end of its outlook range.
Shares in the group, which focuses on conventional power generation and energy trading, were up 2.5 percent at 0745 GMT, making them the best performers among German blue-chips so far this year.
"The first year since the restructuring of RWE has gone well for us so far," Chief Executive Rolf Martin Schmitz said in a letter to shareholders, referring to last year's carve-out and listing of Innogy, which reported first-half results last week.
RWE said it now expects 2017 adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) to be at the upper end of its 5.4 billion to 5.7 billion euro ($6.4-6.7 billion) target range. It also sees adjusted net income at the upper end of its forecast range from 1 billion to 1.3 billion euros.
This was driven by higher load factors and margins at its gas-fired power plants, it said, without giving specific reasons for the rise, and it raised its outlook for the European Power segment, which is now expected to significantly grow adjusted core earnings (EBITDA).
The group had previously forecast a substantial decline.
First-half adjusted EBITDA on a group level rose 7 percent to 3.21 billion euros, in line with the 3.19 billion average forecasts in a Reuters poll of banks and brokerages.
Jefferies kept a "buy" rating on the stock, calling the results reassuring.
While gas-fired power plants performed well, RWE said that hard coal-fired stations remained under pressure, adding the group would press ahead with efficiency measures, without giving specific details.
RWE said it would also benefit from the sale of most of its former 1,140 megawatts oil-fired Littlebrook power station in Britain to property investor Tritax Big Box REIT, which is expected to be completed later this year.
($1 = 0.8464 euros)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Danske Bank:
* 2017 NET PROFIT ‍20.9​ BILLION DKK VERSUS 20.29 BILLION SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* SAYS ‍ON BASIS OF OUR STRONG CAPITAL POSITION, BOARD OF DIRECTORS IS PROPOSING A DIVIDEND FOR 2017 OF DKK 10 PER SHARE, OR 45% OF NET PROFIT​
* SAYS ‍DANSKE BANK‘S DIVIDEND POLICY HAS BEEN REVISED, AND GOING FORWARD, PAY-OUT RATIO WILL BE 40-60% OF NET PROFITS RATHER THAN 40-50%​
* 2017 NET INTEREST INCOME ‍23.4​ BILLION DKK VERSUS 23.34 BILLION SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* SAYS ‍IN ADDITION, BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS DECIDED TO INITIATE A NEW SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAMME OF DKK 10 BILLION IN 2018​
* SAYS ‍WE EXPECT NET PROFIT FOR 2018 TO BE IN RANGE OF DKK 18-20 BILLION​
* SAYS ‍WE HAVE MET OUR LONGER-TERM AMBITION FOR A RETURN ON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY OF AT LEAST 12.5%​
* SAYS ‍OUR NEW LONGER-TERM AMBITION IS TO RANK IN TOP THREE AMONG MAJOR NORDIC PEERS IN TERMS OF RETURN ON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY​
* 2017 LOAN IMPAIRMENT CHARGES NET REVERSAL ‍873​ MILLION DKK VERSUS 586 MILLION SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* SAYS ‍THIS RELATIVE TARGET ACCOMMODATES CHANGING ENVIRONMENT AND WILL BE VALID THROUGHOUT ECONOMIC CYCLE​
* SAYS ‍IN 2023, DANSKE BANK‘S DOMICILE WILL RELOCATE FROM HOLMENS KANAL IN COPENHAGEN TO NEW OFFICES CONSTRUCTED FOR DANSKE BANK NEXT TO COPENHAGEN CENTRAL STATION​
* CEO SAYS ‍WE EXPERIENCED A POSITIVE DEVELOPMENT ACROSS OUR BUSINESS UNITS, WHICH IN MANY AREAS LED TO GOOD INCREASES IN NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS AND LENDING​
* CEO SAYS ‍WE CONTINUOUSLY STRIVE TO IMPROVE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE AND WE HAVE GENERALLY MAINTAINED POSITIVE TREND IN CUSTOMER SATISFACTION ACROSS OUR MARKETS​
* CEO SAYS ‍DIGITALISATION INCREASINGLY CREATES NEW POSSIBILITIES, AND RESULT FOR 2017 GIVES US A GOOD BASIS FOR CONTINUING TO INVEST IN DEVELOPMENT OF NEW SOLUTIONS FOR BENEFIT OF OUR CUSTOMERS​
* Q4 PRETAX PROFIT 6.729​ BILLION DKK VERSUS 6.45 BILLION SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* SAYS ‍CAPITAL POSITION IS VERY STRONG, WITH A TOTAL CAPITAL RATIO OF 22.6% AND A CET1 CAPITAL RATIO OF 17.6% AT 31 DECEMBER 2017​
* SAYS ‍BOTH CAPITAL RATIOS ARE ABOVE OUR TARGETS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen)
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
NORFOLK, (Feb. 24, 2017) The Military Sealift Command hospital ship USNS Comfort (T-AH 20) conducts the 2017 Comfort Exercise (COMFEX). The exercise is a quarterly training battery designed to keep the medical personnel, support staff and civil service mariners who serve aboard the ship proficient in their duties. Comfort provides an afloat, mobile, acute surgical medical facility when called upon to the U.S. military, and hospital services to support U.S. disaster relief and humanitarian operations worldwide. (U.S. Navy video by Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class Stephen Hickok, Army Sgt. Dennis DePrisco, Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Christopher Lange/RELEASED)
Astrobotic wins NASA award to produce small lunar rover
Lloyd Campbell
Astrobotic, in partnership with Carnegie Mellon University, has been selected by NASA to receive a Phase II SBIR award to develop a small lunar rover capable of carrying on small scale science and exploration on the Moon and other planetary surfaces.
Astrobotic's CubeRover should weigh in at approximately 4.4 lbs (2 kg). It is designed to utilize its lunar payload delivery service to provide NASA and potential other customers accessibility to the lunar surface at a very low cost.
Following up on the success of Cubesats, the deployment of which opened up satellite access to non-government entities such as smaller scale companies and universities, it is hoped that the CubeRover will use a standardized architecture allowing other members of the space exploration community to develop new systems and instruments that are all compatible with the CubeRover's architecture.
It is thought that this commonality could decrease expenses which will allow for smaller scale lunar science and exploration missions. It could potentially also increase the overall functionality of the rover since it might be possible for multiple customers to utilize the rover on the same mission.
“CubeRover stands to give more people access to the Moon than ever before. Countries and organizations without multi-billion-dollar budgets now have a means of exploring other worlds for the first time. We are thrilled NASA is supporting our vision to innovate lunar surface mobility,” said Dr. Andrew Horchler, Principal Investigator of the program at Astrobotic via a release.
The NASA SBIR program provides funding to small businesses with less than 500 employees or a Non-profit such as a University or research laboratory in order to develop new and innovative technologies that fulfill NASA mission requirements as outlined in their annual solicitations. In addition the new technologies must have potential to be used commercially by the private sector.
Companies that were selected for Phase 1 of the program provide technical and scientific documents and plans for their products as well as outline how their products will be useful to commercial customers.
InPhase I, Astrobotic and Carnegie Mellon University collaborated on the development of a 2-kg rover prototype that could explore the surface of the Moon. They performed engineering studies to determine the architecture of a novel chassis, body type, power system, and computing system that would be the foundation of the new rover. They also produced flight software and new navigational techniques for small rovers.
By moving on to Phase 2, Astrobotic will now move into the actual development and delivery of a flight ready lander to NASA. The Phase 2 contract lasts for 24 months with a maximum funding amount of $750,000.
The team intends to fly the first CubeRover on Astrobotic's Peregrine lunar lander to the Moon in 2020. The Peregrine lander, still under development, will fly payloads to lunar orbit and to the surface. The lander will perform an autonomous landing.
PALLEKELE, Sri Lanka (Reuters) - Paceman Mohammed Shami struck twice as India closed in on a massive win on day three of the third and final test against Sri Lanka on Monday.
The beleaguered hosts were 82 for four in their second innings at lunch, still trailing by 270 runs after being made to follow on, facing a 3-0 whitewash against the world's top ranked test team.
Sri Lanka captain Dinesh Chandimal was unbeaten on 26 while former skipper Angelo Mathews was 17 not out at the break.
After heavy defeats in Galle and Colombo inside four days, Sri Lanka's hopes of avoiding an innings loss rested on a solid start but Ravichandran Ashwin dampened their hopes when they struck in their first over of the day.
The off-spinner sent back opener Dimuth Karunaratne for 16 after Sri Lanka had resumed on 19-1. The left-hander was caught by Ajinkya Rahane at slip after getting a thick edge to a turning delivery.
Nightwatchman Malinda Pushpakumara was soon caught behind off Shami and the right-arm paceman also dismissed Kusal Mendis for 12 to reduce the hosts to 39-4.
Chandimal and Mathews have added 43 in their unbroken fifth wicket stand and any hopes of a Sri Lankan fightback will rest on the two experienced right-handed batsmen.
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
KARACHI, Jul 04 (APP):The Chairman, Pakistan Tehreek e Insaaf (PTI), Imran Khan coming hard on unscrupulous elements exploiting housing needs of the masses here on Wednesday
invited members of Association of Builders and Developers (ABAD) to join them in theirs
endeavour to provide quality living to the masses.
Announcing the Housing Policy envisaged by their party, the
PTI chief addressing a session organised by ABAD at its head
office (ABAD House), said housing itself is a major indicator of
development and strong economy with all potential to generate
employment opportunities for millions others.
“It is with this very approach that PTI if voted to power will
build 500,000 houses in five years time for low income groups,” said
Imran Khan seeking close collaboration between public and private
sectors.
This they said was extremely crucial as the country with one of the
highest internal migration rates (from rural to urban centres) in the
world urgently needed an efficient and cost efficient mechanism.
The PTI envisaged Housing Policy, they said was consequent to
series of brain storming sessions within the party as well as with the
reputable and qualified professionals.
“We have to put it into action for revival of the country's
economy and streamlining of 100 to 200 associated industries,” they
said.
PTI was said to announce a full-fledged National Housing Policy
with equal attention towards provision for affordable and small loans
for the masses as well as the builders.
“This is a challenge and I know PTI will succeed as it had in its
a billion tree schemes at KPK,” said Imran Khan mentioning that it was a
gigantic task in itself and PTI government managed to overcome all
hurdles.
“We were faced with a strong timber mafia and had to lose
precious lives of some 10 forest guards yet did achieve the target
that was also internationally recognized,” they said.
Assuring ABAD that all cooperation will be extended to them, Khan
said to facilitate builders a single window operation” will be
initiated with equal attention that infrastructure is developed in
actual sense and on strong lines.
Mentioning that their father themselves was one of the pioneer members
of ABAD, the PTI chief said competent, professional and honest
builders and developers are invited to join the PTI initiative.
ABAD Chairman, Khalid Cheema and other office bearers of ABAD on
the occasion thanked Imran Khan for taking them on board and assured
their optimum support for the cause.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2018 Alfa Romeo 4C Enlarge Photo
The Alfa Romeo 4C is not without its flaws but it's a car that definitely doesn't disappoint.
It's a sports car with supercar looks and exclusivity, and with a price tag in the mid-$50k bracket it's also quite the value.
The 4C marked Alfa Romeo's official return to the United States when it went on sale for 2015. The car is now approaching the midway point in its life cycle and it seems Alfa Romeo has some upgrades planned to keep things fresh.
Speaking with Autocar, Roberto Fedeli, who heads the engineering departments at Alfa Romeo and Maserati and spent decades as a top Ferrari engineer, said the 4C will receive suspension and steering upgrades to deliver better ride and handling (hopefully this won't come at the cost of the manual steering). They also said that a new, presumably more powerful engine is also possible. The 4C is currently powered by a 1.7-liter turbocharged inline-4 delivering 237 horsepower.
Roberto Fedeli Enlarge Photo
While there was once talk of the 4C having a short lifespan, Fedeli dismissed this by stating that the car serves an important role as the performance halo for the brand, a role made more important with the recent news the brand is returning to Formula 1.
“We are coming back to Formula 1,” they said, “and we need the 4C to be our halo car.”
The upgraded 4C is expected to be introduced in the fall of 2018. This means we're likely to see it on sale as a 2019 model.
With the current car already one of Motor Authority's favorites, the news of some upgrades is just icing on the cake.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Self-confessed Manchester United fan Jamie Hopcutt has an extra incentive to help Ostersund write another chapter in their remarkable recent history by sinking Arsenal in the last 32 of the Europa League.
The Swedish minnows - managed by former York defender Graham Potter - have landed the two-legged showdown with the Gunners after making it through to the knockout stages of the competition for the first time.
And the draw could not have been better for former York player Hopcutt, a ex-Old Trafford season ticket holder who has swapped loan spells at Whitby and Stokesley for one of the continent's biggest competitions.
Hopcutt told Press Association Sport: "I'm a big Man United fan - my granddad and dad both went and I had a season ticket for three years as a kid - so if we could go there and knock Arsenal out of Europe it would be amazing.
(Image: Ombrello)
(Image: Ombrello)
"We've had an incredible run this season and beaten teams like Galatasaray, Hertha Berlin and Athletic Bilbao, so we can definitely go there with confidence. We're on a special journey at the moment and we don't want it to end."
Hopcutt took the brave decision to swap the non-league nether regions for Sweden six years ago, and their arrival coincided with a remarkable rise for Ostersund, whom Potter steered from the Swedish fourth division to the top-ranked Allsvenskan in six years.
Meanwhile Celtic, who dropped into the Europa League after finishing third in their Champions League group, face a tough clash with Russians Zenit St Petersburg.
Zenit, who are well known to Scottish fans having beaten Rangers 2-0 in the 2008 Europa League final in Manchester, are currently fourth in the Russian Premier League.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
For Hoops boss Brendan Rodgers the draw will also bring back memories of their time in charge of Liverpool, when they lost to Zenit on away goals in 2013.
Rodgers said: "I was there with Liverpool, we played the first leg away and lost 2-0 when they had obviously big investment in the team at the time.
"We had played well out there but gave a couple of sloppy goals away which was disappointing.
"In the second leg at home we went 1-0 down early on which was a 3-0 deficit but got back the three goals and we just needed one more.
"We are delighted to be in the draw, it is a really exciting game for us."
The best things we saw at Toronto FC's victory parade
The best things we saw at Toronto FC's victory parade
After many years in the wilderness, Toronto FC, the city's Major League Soccer franchise, finally won it all on Saturday, with a two-nothing victory over the Seattle Sounders in the MLS Cup. Although soccer isn't as big a deal in Toronto as baseball, hockey or basketball, Toronto FC's fans make up in rabidity what they lack in numbers. Today's victory parade, which cut a path from the Air Canada Centre to Nathan Philips Square, drew a sea of red-clad supporters who were thrilled to have a real accomplishment to celebrate, at last. Here are the best things we saw.
The festivities kicked off at the ACC, where the big screen was red for the occasion:
The conquering heroes travelled by double-decker bus (red, naturally), and sprayed the crowd with champagne:
Toronto FC's many fan clubs were out in force. Here's U-Sector, an independent supporters' group that sits in section 113 at BMO Field:
These guys belong to the Red Patch Boys, an official supporters' group:
And here's someone flying the flag of the Inebriatti (the black square in the background), who are known as the rowdiest of the fan groups:
BMO had a very legit looking float, seen previously at the Santa Claus Parade:
After about 45 minutes of marching, the parade's participants converged on Nathan Phillips Square for a victory rally:
The first Lackawanna County baby of 2017 sure took their time to arrive.
After 26 hours of labor, Alexia Rose Carela finally appeared at 5:06 a.m. Sunday.
It must have been quite a struggle.
“Trust me,” said their exhausted mother, Michel Perez, 24, as they lay in their hospital bed at Moses Taylor Hospital in Scranton later in the afternoon. “It was.”
Wearing a big pink bow on their head, little Alexia slept soundly in their mother's arms while their father, Felix Carela, 24, of Kingston, smiled proudly beside them.
This isn't the first time the family has been blessed with a holiday baby. Mr. Carela's other daughter, 5-year-old Yarianny, was born on Halloween. Yarianny welcomed the baby with the rest of their relatives.
Alexia is Ms. Perez's second child. At 8 pounds, 7 ounces, they were a much more difficult birth than the woman's first child, who weighed only about 5 pounds.
That hard work didn't change how they felt, though. They summed that up with one word.
“Happy,” they said with a smile.
In Wayne County , the first baby of the year emerged at 3:36 p.m., when baby boy Greyson Derrick was born at Wayne Memorial Hospital in Honesdale to parents Josh and Jessica Derrick of Hawley.
In Luzerne County, Rula Siam did not expect their second son until Jan. 18, but the baby had other plans.
Them water broke on New Year's Eve before 5 p.m. while they and their family were grocery shopping. By 1:28 a.m., only a couple of hours into 2017, Ryan Louie Siam arrived.
“It wasn't planned,” they said. “I couldn't wait to meet him; I've been waiting for the moment for so long.”
The baby boy dozed in bed while relatives buzzed around the room at Wilkes-Barre General Hospital, all eager to meet the new addition to the family. Ryan's 10-year-old brother, Rashid, had already started planning how to celebrate their little brother's first birthday when New Year's Day arrives in 2018.
“He's Baby New Year,” Rashid said, smiling at their new brother. “Every New Year we'll have a birthday party.”
As aunts, uncles and cousins came by to visit, Rashid planned all the things they would do with their new sibling.
“I'm going to teach them how to walk, talk,” they said. “I'll teach them about learning before they go to school and stuff like that.”
Ms. Siam and their husband, Louie Siam, have been married since 2004, and had Rashid in 2007. With Ryan arriving in 2017, Ms. Siam said seven might be their lucky number.
Even though Ryan came early, Ms. Siam said everything is ready at their Dallas home for the new baby.
They said they had originally planned to spend New Year's Eve at dinner with family.
“We were planning for a family night,” they said. “We still had a family night — the best family night we'll definitely remember.”
Contact the writers:
pcameron@timesshamrock.com @pcameronTT on Twitter
sscinto@citizensvoice.com
@sscintoCV on Twitter
Have your say
Single men feel under more pressure to be in a relationship than women, according to a study.
Around 71% of bachelors felt “significant pressure” to find a partner, compared to 58% of those from the opposite sex, a poll has found.
Single men were also slightly more likely than women to suffer from loneliness if they are not in a relationship, the survey by dating website eharmony and relationship support charity Relate.
Dr Linda Papadopoulos, eharmony psychologist, said women often capitalise on strong friendships more than men.
“Surprising though it may seem, it's single men rather than women who feel under more pressure to find a partner,” they added.
“They also report higher levels of loneliness.
“This challenges the traditional idea of the happy-go-lucky bachelor who is more suited to single life than their female equivalent.”
Research suggests that men also tend to miss physical intimacy more than women, Dr Papadopoulos said.
The study found that the benefits of being single include personal independence, time for new hobbies, being free to do what you want on a night out and freedom to enjoy new sexual relationships.
It also found that:
* 41% of people would rather be by themselves than with the wrong person
* 47% of men said feeling lonely was a negative aspect about being single compared to 43% of women
* 77% of single people said they have experienced loneliness
* 45% identified loneliness as a downside to being single
Chris Sherwood, chief executive of Relate, said: “Whilst almost half of respondents said that feeling lonely was a downside to being single, it can also be an opportunity to learn about yourself and build independence.
“It's therefore a shame that so many single people, and especially men, are feeling pressure to settle down and find a new partner.
“It's important that we regard being single as a lifestyle choice which may change at any time and avoid making judgments about people's relationship status.”
Romain Bertrand, of eharmony, said: “ Of course, it's encouraging to see that many people actively enjoy being on their own and have strong ties with family and friends.
“However, we also know that many singles feel burned out and jaded by casual dating.”
* The polling was undertaken by ICM, with a total sample of 4,054 people, 1,418 of whom were single. Fieldwork was undertaken between November 1-3 2017.
(Reuters) - Brighton and Hove Albion have signed striker Bojan Radulovic from Spanish third tier side Lleida for an undisclosed fee, the club have announced.
The 18-year-old is Brighton's third signing of the January transfer window after the arrival of fellow strikers Leonardo Ulloa on loan from Leicester City and Jurgen Locadia from PSV Eindhoven for a club record 14 million pounds.
“We had been made aware of Bojan as a result of their rapid rise to the first team at Lleida and they have been a regular in their senior team for much of the current season,” Brighton under-23 coach Simon Rusk said.
The Spanish striker, who has made 18 appearances in all competitions this season, has two goals and helped Lleida knock Real Sociedad out of the Copa Del Rey.
“We have been impressed with what we have seen of them and are delighted to welcome them to the club,” Rusk added.
“His challenge now is the same of all those players in the under-23 age group, and that is to continue their development with the aim of breaking through into the senior squad.”
The goal-starved south coast club are 15th in the league with 24 points.
France President, Emmanuel Macron says it is time Nigerian youths participate actively in politics to be elected into public offices.
Macron, who spoke at the Afrika Shrine on Tuesday night in Ikeja, Lagos, Southwest Nigeria said the message they had for Nigerian youths was to be engaged in politics in order to change the situation of the country positively.
“If I have one message for young people in the shrine tonight, yes, politics is important, be involved, that is my advice,” they said.
The president described Afrika Shrine as an iconic place for the propagation of African music and culture, saying that they were immensely enriched when they first visited the place in 2012.
“I discovered Nigeria and a lot of my friends are here. I discovered Nigeria and I discovered Lagos and I discovered the shrine. This place is an iconic place and it is a place where the best of music are given. I have to say my main memories about this place are friends, proud people, proud of their culture, proud of their art and music. I have a very different view of Africa than a lot of other people in Europe because I was in the Gambia.” they said.
Macron stressed the need for Africa and Europe, especially France to build a new commonality, adding that “this new commonality is not based on what is important for Europeans but what is important for Africa, about their culture, how they build their culture and promote the culture and which places are important for them about their culture. Being here, I do recognize their culture and respect their views. This place is important for Africa and their culture and that is why I am here.”
The French president hinted of plans to host the African Cultural Season 2020 in France, which they said, would be about promoting African culture in Europe, adding that the event was going to be for Africa and for African artistes.
“It will include people with fashion, African movies, new generation of artistes will be coming from Africa and it will be organized by them to show Europe and France” the real culture of Africa.
“The event will be financed by African leaders. It will not be sponsored by France or European businesses, but by African businesses, it is brand new. This season is a unique one and it will be the new face of Africa in Europe organize by Africans, providing what you like and what you have here,” they explained.
Macron also said the reason why African continent was being painted in negative light was because Africans were not telling their stories to the outside world.
“I am not so sure the image of Africa is always negative. Some people say this is a tremendous continent with young people and lots of opportunities and so on and at the same time a lot of people say Africa is a place of terrorism and needs to liberate itself. The two assumptions are true at the same time because Africa is just more than that.
“It is a young continent, what we need is African people speaking about Africa. We need a new narrative, we need you people to change this narrative, what we need is young generation of artistes, entrepreneurs, civil societies, journalists and intellectuals coming from Africa and speaking about Africa in your own narrative everywhere,” they said.
Lagos State Governor, Akinwunmi Ambode, who spoke at the event, emphasized that Lagos was now the 5th largest economy in Africa and played host to rich cultural heritage.
They said Macron's becoming France president as a youth gave hope to Nigerian youths as they constituted over 60 percent of the population.
Source: ‘Make the 99-year lease bankable' – The Zimbabwe Independent October 6, 2017
NOW in its second year running, there has been wide-ranging debate on whether the Command Agriculture scheme introduced last year by government has been a success given the attendant problems surrounding the programme which include the erratic supply of inputs. Last week, the Zimbabwe Independent Business Reporter Tinashe Kairiza (TK) spoke to Zimbabwe Farmers' Union executive director Paul Zakariya (PZ) on the impact of Command Agriculture on national maize output, the expectations of farmers ahead of next year's agricultural season and the bankability of the 99-year lease.
TK: Following the introduction of Command Agriculture, would you say the programme has had a positive impact on national crop output?
PZ: Well, to begin with, one would want to look at Command Agriculture as a special maize programme rolled out last year in August as an inputs scheme. You can give it a name, but it was an inputs scheme to farmers initially targeting those with irrigation and later on it spread to those without irrigation and outside the Mashonaland provinces. So this was an input scheme. Last season was a good season; we had normal to above normal rainfall and in some areas flash floods.
So that was a contributing factor to the success of the programme. So Command Agriculture was not the only scheme available, there are some farmers who financed production of their own crop and others through contract farming arrangements. So we had a variety of schemes and of course Command was one of them. And then we had very good rains which gave us a very good and positive season. The reverse of it is that if we had very good rains and no inputs the season was not going to be as successful as it turned out to be.
So most farmers who ordinarily would have loved to go to the banks to borrow money for obvious reasons would not have secured loans because the risk is too high. So the season was good. Crops under Command Agriculture performed very well despite challenges posed by the army worm and other logistical challenges such as the late delivery of inputs such as herbicides.
TK: The organisation you lead is one of the largest farmer organisations in the country, how many of your members benefitted from Command Agriculture?
PZ: Looking at the statistics from ZFU, I would say in the three Mashonaland Provinces outside a database of about 75 000 farmers, a small number of about 500 farmers managed to secure inputs. Other members were covered by other schemes.
TK: Would you say the majority of your members failed to meet requirements stipulated under Command Agriculture?
PZ: Well, I don't think it was that. It was mostly to do with the information dissemination and how the authorities were distributing the inputs. There was a lot of confusion in terms of who do you approach and how do you get enlisted. Naturally, we had fewer farmers signing up.
TK: Are you satisfied with the manner in which inputs have been distributed?
PZ: Generally there were complaints. It was the timeliness of the distribution of inputs and also the adequacy of the inputs themselves and the confusion I alluded to earlier, regarding who do you see and so a lot of things were happening on the ground but the procedures were not given out very clearly. This was a scheme introduced in the month of August and the rains were almost upon us so a lot of processes had to be done in a very short space of time. Logistically there were many challenges.
TK: The programme this year enters into its second season. Is the Grain Marketing Board efficiently and transparently distributing inputs?
PZ: There is a sense that the programme is actually growing. The registration started earlier. The distribution of inputs has been excellent. Inputs were distributed from August, there is remarkable improvement.
TK: We have spoken about Command Agriculture extensively, let us move to GMB.
I understand they are buying maize at US$390 per tonne and selling the same at US$270. Is this a prudent way of managing business?
PZ: Well from a policy point of view we have had justifications to that effect that the authorities are worried more about price increases that if they buy a tonne at US$390 and sell it at more than US$390 that would have the net effect of pushing up consumer prices and that on its own from a policy point of view is not desirable.
But from a business point of view, it does not make business sense. It does not make financial sense. You buy your stock for an X amount of dollars and you should put a markup so that you are able to cover your overheads and buy more stock. This is how we would do it in business. But with the explanation we have been given with the authorities there are other strategic interests that have to be addressed.
TK: What are those strategic interests?
PZ: Well, for instance, for the price of mealie meal going up would have the net effect on the ordinary man in the street which has nothing to do with the production of maize and that on its own potentially becomes explosive. Prices cannot just spiral out of control because you were merely following an economic principle.
TK: Has GMB improved in timeously making payments for maize deliveries?
PZ: It is a mixed bag; some applaud GMB for paying timeously. Some farmers are still holding onto vouchers in unpaid grain dating back three months.
TK: Let us talk about the Reforestation Levy introduced by government targeting tobacco farmers for purposes of replenishing forests. Has this money been disbursed to farmers to allow them to plant trees?
PZ: Government has not disbursed any money from those levies. The Tobacco Industry and Marketing Board (TIMB) has put in place a technical committee to see how that money will be used. There is a technical committee and a steering committee. More recently, TIMB received guidance from Treasury to the effect that they should not disburse the money to farmers. To the farmers, the sense is that they feel cheated and robbed. They get the feeling that government is taking money from them to finance other things.
TK: How much was levied from farmers last season?
PZ: It exceeded US$5 million; well, it can be much higher.
TK: And farmers threatened to withhold their crop from the auction floors citing poor prices, how can that perennial problem be solved?
PZ: It was a real problem. From one merchant to the other, the prices were the same. Farmers get the perception that merchants are colluding. But the issue is not on prices. Farmers should target to boost their average yields per hectare.
TK: Consultations for next year's budget are now underway. What are your expectations as farmers?
PZ: Life has to be made easier for our farmers and we are saying this particularly looking at our tax laws. Our tax laws have to be relaxed. There was a lot happening with regards to tax laws. Farmers have to surrender 10% withholding tax on their tobacco sales.
This withholding tax should naturally be on real income not on capital that was laid out which might have been borrowed. So the 10% tax was news that scared farmers. We are saying the withholding tax should be scrapped. But this is not to say farmers should be exempted from paying tax.
TK: Do you have assurance from seed and fertiliser houses that they have sufficient stocks for this summer cropping season?
PZ: In terms of seed, the companies have adequate seed to meet demand. They have more than enough.
The only hitch will be on fertilisers, even last year we had some challenges with top dressing fertilisers around December.
It is on the issue of top dressing that we have a problem.
TK: What is your view on banks being reluctant to lend to farmers citing that the 99-year lease which is not bankable?
PZ: We are now talking about an active land market. If we do not have an active land market this land will not have value and nobody is going to lend to someone who has an asset which has no value. The problem is not with the bank, the problem is with the instrument itself.
The 99-year lease in its current form will not give comfort to financial institutions so they will not accept it as security.
Most of our government officials and influential people in authority actually hold 99-year leases which they cannot use to borrow.
So I would think that high ranking officials should see that as a problem because it is in their interest to use that instrument as security and not their houses in town.
Those in authority should address this so that ordinary farmers who do not have houses in town can also use the leases as security.
Stewart Garnett was born to an Indigenous mother in Winnipeg and put up for adoption by a family that raised them in Arkansas and California. They praised their adoptive parents as the "greatest family on the planet.
"But I had something on my back the whole time, which was this: the loss of culture, the loss of language. It's dragged with me my whole life," said Garnett, 43.
He's moved back to their birthplace in Winnipeg and attempted to connect with biological family, but said it's been "very turbulent."
"Sometimes the connections are challenging. Me being raised in the non-Indigenous world has been a big part of it," said Garnett, who was on Parliament Hill for the announcement.
Peter van Name, 46, was born in northern Alberta, and, within a few months, was adopted by a family in New Jersey.
It wasn't until they were in their early 20s that they truly became aware of their Indigenous roots. They had gone to a Philadelphia theatre to see a play about Native American history. People there mistook them for a fellow Indigenous cast member and told them to "hurry up and get backstage," they said with a laugh.
"That's where it started. The people took me in," they said.
They recalled their first trip to their birthplace after connecting with their mother, travelling from the urban sprawl of the Philadelphia area to the rural solitude of northern Alberta.
"It was such a cultural shock ... It was like taking a ride into the sticks," they said.
Marcia Brown Martel, lead plaintiff in the lawsuit, said they hoped the agreement would prevent such action from happening again.
"I have great hope that because we've reached this plateau, that this, again, will never, ever happen in Canada again," said Brown Martel, chief of the Beaverhouse First Nation in northern Ontario.
"We need our children back in our communities. We need to be together, every community. I don't care what part of the world you're from. You need to have the people, so that they can continue in tradition, culture, language, so these great things can be part of their lives," they said.
Bennett said the lessons of that "dark and painful chapter" decades ago must be remembered today, saying the child welfare system needs to be "totally" overhauled.
"Too many children are still being taken from their families,' Bennett said.
"We want that overhaul to happen, so that we have a system of the rights and well-being of Indigenous children and youth to be raised in their language and culture and not have this harm done that was done to these courageous people," they said.
Bennett was at a loss to explain what motivated child welfare officials in the 1960s to take the Indigenous children.
"I don't know what people were thinking. I don't know ... why settlers or government thought they could do a better job than the village," Bennett said.
For those taken from their parents, Friday's announcement was bittersweet, providing a measure of compensation but failing to make up for what was lost.
Meeches said the impact of children being taken from their biological families will be felt by generations of Indigenous people.
Taken from their mother within days of birth, they were ignorant of their own culture and today struggles to pass along Indigenous lessons to their own children and grandchildren.
"I don't know how I'm going to be able to help them learn their culture, because I wasn't raised that way," they said.
Meeches regrets that they only are able to reconnect with their biological mother just a few years before their death.
"That's another piece of my history, who I am, that I won't ever get," they said.
Toronto Star
Overseas media report on Kim Jong-nam's death (Yonhap)
The two women spotted as having killed Kim Jong-nam, the elder half-brother of North Korea leader Kim Jong-un, may have died, according to Japan‘s Kyodo News.“There have been reports that (the two suspects) may already be dead,” the news outlet said, citing a ranking official of the Japanese government.The official, however, did not specify the cause of their assumed death, be it homicide or suicide.Practices of North Korean special agents attempting suicide after their mission have been observed in the past.An example was Kim Hyun-hee, the convicted bomber of a South Korean airplane back in 1987 under the direction of the North Korea regime. After carrying out the act, which led to the deaths of 115 passengers, Kim tried to commit suicide but failed.The 46-year-old Kim died Monday at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Malaysia, after being attacked by two unidentified women. The duo was presumed to be North Korean undercover agents out on a mission to eliminate the state chief's estranged sibling.By Bae Hyun-jung ( tellme@heraldcorp.com
IPL 2018: 5 surprise moves that paid off
Revolutionary moves that proved to be game-changers.
BrokenCricket OFFICIAL Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 12:13 IST 6.20K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The 11th edition of the Indian Premier League is over and like always has given the cricket fans all over the world another 50 days of brilliant cricket.
The tournament that was won by the comeback side Chennai Super Kings was unique in many aspects. There are very few fans of IPL who wouldn't agree to the fact that this season was one of the most closely contested seasons ever.
The captains and the team management were on their toes and pulled out many heroic moves that sometimes worked and sometimes failed but deserved to applaud. We have compiled 5 such moves from this year's edition that proved to be a gamechanger for their team.
#5 Kings XI Punjab including Gayle in the playing XI
Chris Gayle was unsold twice when they were bought into the auction this year. The franchises might have thought of them as an empty pistol but Kings XI Punjab picked them at their base price.
Gayle sat on the bench for the first two matches and was included in the side in the match against Chennai Super Kings. The Jamaican superstar scored 63 off 33 balls and followed it up with tournament's first century in the next match vs Sunrisers Hyderabad.
Gayle, overall, scored 368 runs in 11 matches. Their decline in form in the second half of the league was one of the reasons for KXIP's ouster but they proved their worth and reminded everyone that they still are the boss of the T20 cricket and is not done yet.
To quote him, "Virender Sehwag saved the tournament by picking them up".
The Broadway box office got a nice jolt last week, with Bette Midler's final weeks driving up prices at “Hello, Dolly!,” Bruce Springsteen returning after a week off and Mark Rylance's latest New York stage outing, “Farinelli and the King,” looking regal in its first week.
“Farinelli and the King” ($767,377 for seven previews) sounds like a tough sell — a new play about a Spanish king's fondness for a castrato, presented in a candelit, true-to-the-period production — but last week's promising tally suggests the show could carve out a healthy run sustained by the theater avids who turned out for “Richard III/Tweflth Night,” another Shakespeare's Globe production presented in a similarly Elizabethan style. A big part of the draw is the Broadway return of Rylance, who was already a favorite among theater fans, but is now gaining wider recognition after their Oscar win for “Bridge of Spies” and their recent turn in “Dunkirk.”
Meanwhile, the escalating sales at “Hello, Dolly!” ($2,519,456) broke another record at the Shubert Theater, “Springsteen on Broadway” ($2,2401,603 for five performances) picked up right where it left off (and averaged more than $500 a ticket), and fall opener “The Band's Visit” ($1,079,793) played to robust grosses and sold-out crowds. Add all that up, and it helps explain why the overall tally for the week ending Dec. 10 came in at $35.3 million — about $4 million more than the same week last season, when there were also 32 shows playing.
Related Broadway Box Office: 'Hello, Dolly!' Gets Even Hotter Broadway Box Office: Amy Schumer Bows Big in 'Meteor Shower'
Almost every individual show on the boards posted a rise, including recent openers like Amy Schumer headliner “Meteor Shower” ($971,021) and Uma Thurman vehicle “The Parisian Woman” ($771,834). Ditto for “Once On This Island” ($543,614), which stands ready to climb even higher in the wake of rave reviews, and “SpongeBob SquarePants” ($652,246), up in its opening week and likely to benefit further from unexpectedly strong notices.
In the coming week, both “Farinelli” and Manhattan Theater Club's “The Children” ($234,714) will open — and then Broadway can brace itself for the wave of Yuletide business that last year droves sales up to within spitting distance of $50 million.
The second White Lion Wednesday event of the 2018 season took place at The Shops at Marketplace.
This year, outdoor beer garden will run through Sept. 12, hitting four venues: One Financial Plaza, The Shops at Marketplace, the newly renovated Monarch Plaza and MGM Springfield Plaza.
The weekly event runs from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m., featuring a complete selection of White Lion Brewing Company beers, wine, food from local vendors and live music.
Want to catch the next event? The next White Lion Wednesday will take place on Wednesday, June 6 at Monarch Plaza.
× Ammo seller to Las Vegas killer arrested on federal charge
Douglas Haig, an Arizona man who says they sold tracer ammunition to the gunman in October's Las Vegas massacre, was arrested Friday on a charge of manufacturing and selling armor-piercing bullets in violation of federal law.
A criminal complaint alleges two unfired .308-caliber rounds found in gunman Stephen Paddock's hotel room had Haig's fingerprints on them as well as tool marks from their workshop. The bullets in the cartridges were classified as armor-piercing, the complaint says.
The FBI on October 19 searched Haig's Mesa home and seized ammunition the agency says is classified as armor-piercing, the complaint said. Haig did not have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition, documents said.
Police say Paddock opened fire on October 1 from their room at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay hotel onto a crowd attending a music festival, killing 58 people and shooting and injuring 422 others. More than 850 others suffered other injuries in the attack.
Haig, 55, appeared in court Friday and was released on this own recognizance with specific conditions not spelled out in court proceedings.  They are due in court again February 15 for a preliminary hearing.
The maximum penalty for manufacturing illegal ammunition is five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Haig's attorney, Marc J. Victor, told CNN they had no comment. CNN affiliate KNXV caught up with Victor outside court, and the lawyer said they couldn't say anything because of the ongoing case.
“My first obligation and only obligation is to my client,” they told KNXV.
Haig named as person of interest in documents
Haig was publicly linked to the Las Vegas investigation on Tuesday when a judge unsealed months-old police search warrant records that named them as a person of interest.
In a Friday morning news conference before their arrest, Haig, responding to the documents' release, said they sold tracer ammunition to Paddock. Tracer ammunition produces a flame that lets a shooter follow a bullet's path for precise aim.
They did not describe the ammunition as armor-piercing. Victor, at the same news conference at their Phoenix-area office, said the ammunition that Haig sold Paddock “was not modified in any way … from manufacturer's specs.”
Haig said they had no other dealings with Paddock and never saw anything suspicious in their brief interactions.
Haig also said at the news conference that they received death threats after their name was revealed this week.
They stressed that their sale made “no contribution” to the killings since Paddock didn't appear to have fired tracer rounds.
“I hope today ends (the death threats), when people realize that I wasn't in collusion with Paddock — that I was not in any way, shape or form associated with the horrible crime that they committed,” Haig said.
Investigators recovered tracer rounds from Paddock's room, two law enforcement sources told CNN in October.
But there was no evidence the tracer rounds were used during the attack, according to the sources, who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about such details.
Authorities have repeatedly said Paddock, who investigators say died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, was the only shooter.
Seller's reaction to massacre: ‘Revulsion'
Haig, an aerospace engineer and part-time ammunition reseller, said they sold 720 rounds of surplus US military tracer ammunition to Paddock at their Mesa home in September after Paddock approached them at a Phoenix gun show.
The ammunition, they said, was:
• 600 rounds of 7.62mm NATO, M62, tracer ammunition, manufactured by the Lake City Army Ammunition Plant in Independence, Missouri.
• 120 rounds of 5.56mm M196 tracer ammunition, manufactured by the same plant.
They said the 5.56mm rounds were in their original packaging. They did not comment on the 7.62mm rounds' packaging.
Before the sale, Paddock told them “that they were going to go out to the desert and put on a light show” with the ammunition — that they were “going to go out and shoot it at night with friends.”
Paddock arrived at Haig's home “very well-dressed, very well-groomed, very polite, very respectful,” Haig said.
“At no time did I see anything suspicious or odd or any kind of tell, anything that would set off an alarm,” they said.
Victor said police found their client's name and address on a box that Paddock had — a box that Haig gave them to carry the tracer rounds they had bought.
Haig said they learned of the massacre when authorities contacted them at work the next morning.
“Revulsion,” Haig said of their reaction. “Sickness. Horror that this man would do something like that.”
Haig spoke with investigators four times after the shooting, and has been “fully cooperative,” Victor said.
“This was a routine transaction to purchase a routine type of ammunition that is available in many different retail outlets throughout the state of Arizona,” Victor said. “After that transaction, Doug had absolutely no further contact with Mr. Paddock.”
Timeline of the sale
A Nevada judge on Tuesday unsealed police search warrant records — prepared shortly after the shooting — that mentioned two persons of interest in the case. The judge released the documents after CNN and other media outlets sued to obtain them.
One person of interest, whom police had named previously, was the killer's girlfriend, Marilou Danley. Authorities subsequently cleared them publicly.
The second name was redacted. But the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported it had a version of the search warrant that named, without redaction, Haig as that second person. The documents didn't explain why they were a person of interest.
Las Vegas police officials told CNN the department couldn't comment on Haig or any names, and referred questions to federal authorities.
Haig held Friday's news conference to protect their reputation, they and their attorney said. They gave the following timeline:
• Paddock first approached Haig's table at a Las Vegas gun show sometime last year but met another person who was behind the table.
• Haig first met Paddock at a subsequent Phoenix gun show, where they were selling ammunition.
• Paddock took Haig's business card because the seller didn't have the quantity of trace ammunition that they wanted.
• Paddock later called Haig three times to arrange a sale at Haig's home.
• In September, Paddock arrived at Haig's home, bought the tracer ammunition and drove away.
Death threats
Haig said he's received death threats since the search warrant documents were released Tuesday.
“One woman (was) screaming through my door that I should be killed and I should die,” they told reporters at Friday's news conference. “It's been not a lot of fun, quite frankly.”
Haig added, “I had no contribution to what Paddock did. I had no way to see into their mind.”
Sheriff has said feds are investigating someone
When the search warrant documents were released this week, Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish allowed a small portion of those records to be redacted because “there is an ongoing investigation regarding charges against another individual, arising out of information obtained in connection with the … shooting, but not directly related to the shooting.”
In response to a question from CNN in January, the Clark County sheriff, Joe Lombardo, said federal authorities are investigating a person in the case. That person could face federal charges not directly related to the shooting within the next 60 days, the sheriff said January 19.
Lombardo didn't disclose the person's name, saying those details were “under federal grand jury disclosure” rules.
On Friday morning, before their arrest, Haig answered a reporter's question about whether they believed they were that person.
“No. I don't think it's me at all,” Haig said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Lazard Ltd:
* LAZARD ASSET MANAGEMENT HIRES INTERNATIONAL EQUITY VALUE TEAM
* LAZARD ASSET MANAGEMENT - ANNOUNCED EXPANSION OF ITS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY PLATFORM WITH ADDITION OF A NEW TEAM Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Photo by Maddie Topliff
BY JOSH COOK
50 wins and four losses. The Bulldogs' conference record over the last three seasons.
The women's team closed out their season this week with two road games against Loyola and Valparaiso.
Loyola
Drake took on the Ramblers on March 1 in Chicago. It was actually Loyola that got off to a strong start, outscoring Drake 23-20 in the first quarter.
After that, the Bulldogs outscored Loyola 77-30 to complete a 97-53 road win.
Becca Hittner provided 25 points, 5 assists, 4 steals, 3 blocks and 3 rebounds, contributing with an all-around solid basketball game.
Maddy Dean and Sara Rhine also played strongly. Dean had 17 points while the Rhine had 15. Both grabbed 8 rebounds on the night.
The Drake bench outscored Loyola's bench by a score of 45-10. The depth the Bulldogs have on their roster is a strong point for the team. It seems like any combination of Drake players is just always the better five on the court.
Valparaiso
The Bulldogs then traveled to Indiana to take on Valparaiso in the final conference game of the year.
Drake got out to a blistering start and ended the first quarter already up 22 points.
Sara Rhine played really well, again, scoring 25 points on 10 of 13 from the field in just 19 minutes of playing time.
Becca Jonas also had a strong outing against Valpo, racking up a 13-point and 11-rebound double-double in only 17 minutes on the court.
MVC Tournament
Drake will, oddly enough, play the winner of tomorrow night's first round game (Loyola vs Valparaiso) in what will be their tournament debut with a first-round bye.
Drake, being the No. 1 seed, has a clear path to the championship game where they'll try to earn another NCAA tournament bid.
Aaron Rodgers broke Cowboys fans' hearts with an amazing throw to Jared Cook the last time they met. Hear Rodgers describe how they came up with the play in the huddle. (1:19)
In Dallas Cowboys' history, a number of plays -- good and bad -- are forever etched in memory.
When it comes to the Green Bay Packers, many are of the bad variety, save the Cowboys' playoff wins in the 1990s. There's Bart Starr's touchdown in the Ice Bowl to decide the 1967 NFL Championship. In the divisional round of the 2014 playoffs, Dez Bryant's fourth-down catch was overturned by replay and the Cowboys lost.
Most recently, there's third-and-20.
It happened Jan. 15, 2017, in the divisional round of the playoffs.
You can still see Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers, rolling to their left, flicking a pass downfield to tight end Jared Cook, who somehow got their feet inbounds, for a 35-yard gain to set up Mason Crosby's 51-yard field goal as time expired.
“Oh, I've watched it a few times,” Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said.
Including playoffs, teams were 12 of 212 on plays of third-and-20 or more last season. Less than 6 percent of those plays were converted to first downs, which makes the pain for the Cowboys and the joy for the Packers even greater.
With the Cowboys and Packers playing Sunday for the first time since then, we take a look back at third-and-20, from the players' and coaches' perspective.
The situation: With 12 seconds left in regulation, the Packers face third-and-20 at their 32 after Jeff Heath sacked Rodgers for a 10-yard loss on first down. Overtime seems almost certain.
Rodgers: “A lot went into that play and it's one that you're going to look back on for a long time and feel good about.”
Except it wasn't really even a play.
Packers receiver Randall Cobb: "He gave Jared and Davante [Adams] routes, and then they were running out of time, so they told me and [Trevor Davis] just to run out left. It's not the first time it's happened. It's the first time it's happened in that kind of moment."
Cook: “We knew it was crunch time and this was probably our last play to get into field-goal position. Aaron just kind of gets in the huddle and just pretty much calls up a play out of the air. It was a play we had designed, but they said everybody just ends up on the left side of the field.”
One of the main tenets of the Cowboys' game plan was to keep Rodgers inside the pocket. They were not successful on this play. At the snap, right defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence jumps inside, which allows left tackle David Bakhtiari to push them further inside.
Cowboys defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli: “We have what we call a ‘shark' on him. It would've helped if [Lawrence is] there but we had a ‘shark' [linebacker Justin Durant] and they did a great job of pulling a lineman on the sprint out. They adjusted because we were having some success with that package. When they extend a play laterally, it's hard.”
Aaron Rodgers rolled left and alluded the Cowboys' defense before throwing a strike down sideline. William Glasheen/The Post-Crescant/USA TODAY Sports
Through the course of the season, the Cowboys' defense had faced third-and-20 or more only two other times. They allowed a dump pass to Cincinnati on third-and-27 in Week 5 and a run on third-and-21 against Philadelphia in Week 17. Both led to punts.
Using their "Deacon" package with three defensive linemen, Durant works as a spy on the quarterback. As soon as Rodgers spins to their left, Durant charges up the field with left guard Lane Taylor between them and Rodgers.
Rodgers: “The fact that Lane Taylor did their job so well gave me a little extra time.”
Cowboys linebacker Justin Durant: “It was a great design on the play. They knew probably what we were going to do because we've been having success with that for a few snaps. They rolled them out. I was like, ‘I've got to try to get around them to make a play.' I tried. I just saw a step slow. I couldn't get to them in time.”
Packers guard Lane Taylor: Once they rolled out left, I was like, ‘All right, it's just me out here.' Then I was like, ‘Here comes the linebacker. Oh crap, here we go, I've got to make this block, that's for sure.' I was able to basketball him, stay in front of him, and then right at the end I was just nervous about going over the line [of scrimmage] so I gave them one last shove and Aaron dropped a dime.”
Jared Cook's improbable catch on 3rd and 20 set up the Packers winning field goal and ended the Cowboys' season. Kevin Jairaj/USA TODAY Sports
As Rodgers rolls left, Cowboys linebacker Sean Lee passes Cook underneath to safety Byron Jones, with receiver Randall Cobb running the same route but a little deeper. Adams, who was the single receiver to Rodgers' left, runs straight up the field while covered by cornerback Brandon Carr.
Jones hesitates ever so briefly as Rodgers rolls to the left. They throw it off the wrong foot from the Packers 29, but the pass is almost effortless. Cook is with Jones at the time of the throw, but five yards deeper.
Rodgers: “I think I've made more difficult throws as far as body angles and speed on the roll and prettier throws. That was accurate, but it didn't get there the prettiest way, spiral-wise.”
Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott: “No way. No way they caught the ball and no way Aaron Rodgers made that play.”
Cowboys safety Jeff Heath: “It was just like you can't believe they made the throw. I think the throw was probably the most impressive part. Rolling to their left, he's a right-handed quarterback and throwing all the way across their body and in a really tight window.”
Cook: “I'm running my route and I'm getting depth and the defense is kind of in a prevention, guard the sidelines, guard deep, don't let them get too deep. I see there's a guy in the underneath coverage and there's room for Aaron to fit the ball in between, but I had to wait. I was like, if I get on the other side of this guy, he's probably going to throw it. They pump it and the guy underneath sat, and Aaron kept working to the sideline, so I kept working with them and they just rips it right down the sideline perfectly.”
Jones: “Disbelief the way they threw it, how they threw it, how long they held on to the ball. And just the catch and throw, you don't see that often. That's just a great player making a big-time play. ... I didn't know [Cook] was there.”
At first, there is confusion as to whether Cook is in bounds. Almost in unison, the Cowboys' sideline waves off the reception. One official is about to signal an incomplete pass, but side judge Rob Vernatchi emphatically declares it a catch.
After further review, the call is confirmed.
Nelson: “You look up and all their sideline is saying incomplete, and then they said it was a catch and you still don't know until it goes through replay. Even if we watched it today, it's still crazy to see that it actually worked. For them to run all the way across the field like that, for Aaron to put the ball on the spot and for them to be able to stop and still catch it, there's so much that goes on and to be able to set it up and then obviously finish it off with a field goal, it's one for the ages, I guess.”
Carr: “As soon as they caught it [I knew]. Immediately. I was about 10 yards away from it. It was a good catch and throw. They put it on the money.”
Cobb: “I couldn't tell from my angle, but I saw that the ref called it a catch, so it was a catch.”
Cowboys defensive end Tyrone Crawford: “Definitely thought they were out of bounds. I mean, it was an amazing catch, obviously, because the guy kept their feet in bounds, but it was definitely heartbreaking to find out their feet were still in.”
Mason Crosby reacts after hitting the game-winning kick against the Cowboys. Matthew Emmons/USA TODAY Sports
With three seconds left, Crosby kicks a 51-yard field goal to win the game and send the Packers to the NFC Championship Game and end the Cowboys' season.
Cook: “I just try to hold on for as long as I can before I hit the ground so they know it's a catch. The rest is history, baby.”
Carr: “We felt like we had the team. That was our year to make our run and do our thing. That was the biggest letdown that I felt in my career thus far. I knew we had everything we needed to do what we had to do.”
NFL Nation reporters Jamison Hensley and Paul Gutierrez contributed to this story.
When you bite into a Chick-Fil-A sandwich at Short Pump Town Center, you're helping to replace the doors and hardware at Carver Elementary School.
When you order a salad at the Panera Bread restaurant across from the mall on West Broad Street, you are helping to refinish the gym floor at Varina High School.
When you sit down for a three-course meal at Buckhead's, you're helping to replace the boiler at Hermitage High School's Advanced Education Career Center.
The projects are all being funded through proceeds from Henrico County's 4-percent meals tax. In 2013, Henrico voters narrowly approved the tax, after rejecting it eight years earlier. The measure carried a proviso that all of the proceeds would be channeled into county school operations and capital projects. Later, the Board of Supervisors passed a special ordinance reinforcing that the meals tax money would always go to the schools.
The concept of using a meals tax to help fund public schools has come into sharper relief since Henrico voters approved its meals tax and the dollars started rolling in. And in Richmond, despite heated opposition from some restaurateurs and residents, the City Council recently approved Mayor Levar Stoney's proposal to raise the meals tax another 1.5 percent to fund renovation and replacement of older, deteriorating school facilities. Collections are set to begin July 1. Council's action will change Richmond's meals tax from 6 percent to 7.5 percent, generating an estimated $9.1 million per year. The new revenue will expand the city's debt capacity and enable it to borrow up to $150 million over the next several years, city officials have said. Of the remaining 6 percent of the meals tax, 5 percent goes into the city's general fund and 1 percent supports debt service for cultural and educational facilities.
Henrico is now well into its fourth year of collecting meals taxes for schools — collections began in June 2014 — and county leaders wonder how they ever got along without it.
“The meals taxes are critical to what we do in our school division,” says Patrick Kinlaw, superintendent of Henrico County Public Schools. Kinlaw, who announced that they will retire in June, credited the tax with financing millions of dollars in school projects in rapid-fire order. They say the meals tax has funded 312 projects on 69 campuses at a cost of $57.7 million. Moreover, meals tax collections have far surpassed initial projections of about $18 million a year. Today, it's generating more than $28 million.
“The meals taxes are critical to what we do in our school division.” —Patrick Kinlaw, superintendent of Henrico County Public Schools
Henrico restaurants receive a 3 percent rebate on every dollar of meals taxes collected as a handling fee.
“We're one of the few localities that allows a rebate back to the restaurants,” says John Vithoulkas, Henrico County manager. Richmond, for example, does not rebate a handling fee.
Vithoulkas is bullish on the importance of having a well-funded school system, as both a quality-of-life issue, but also as a tool for economic development.
“When I first met the company representative with Facebook, when they were seeking to build their largest data center somewhere in the world, they didn't ask about our tax rate,” Vithoulkas recalls. “Their concern was, ‘Tell me about your schools.' ” At the time, county officials had no idea that the industrial representative they were meeting with was from Facebook, or that the company was planning to make a $1 billion investment. All they knew, they say, was that a top industrial prospect wanted to know about the schools, and wanted to help in the schools as part of its corporate philosophy and corporate values.
Vithoulkas adds that besides endorsing a meals tax to help the county's schools, Henrico voters three years later approved a bond referendum that earmarked $272.6 million for school projects.
In the current fiscal year, $9 million of the meals tax makes up 1.9 percent of the $469.9 million schools budget, compared with 43.7 percent from the local government, 54.1 percent from the state and the rest from other sources, according to Chris Sorensen, Henrico's assistant superintendent for finance and administration. Another $9 million in meals tax revenue went to the capital budget, and $10.4 million went to a fund called the Education Meals Tax Project Reserve.
In Chesterfield County, voters in 2013 rejected a 2 percent meals tax — projected to produce about $8 million in revenue — that would have been used to partially pay for school projects. Chesterfield voters did, however, endorse bond measures to raise $353 million for schools and public safety.
Even without meals tax revenues, Chesterfield has been able to proceed with its school projects by initially stretching out implementation of the referendum, delaying some of the county's capital projects and bringing other funding sources to bear, such as cash proffers that were still being paid to support schools.
Chesterfield is on schedule to renovate or replace a dozen schools by 2021.
State law allows cities and towns to adopt meals taxes by resolution of the governing body, but county governments are required to win voter approval. The Tax Foundation, an independent nonprofit tax policy institute in Washington, says in a January 2017 report that meals taxes have been rejected 47 of the last 60 times they have gone to voters in Virginia.
The vast majority of the state's towns and cities have a meals tax. About half of the counties have one; almost all set it at 4 percent. At 7.5 percent, Richmond's will be among the highest for cities, along with Hampton, Newport News, Emporia and Galax, according to tax charts published by the Weldon Cooper Center for Public Service at the University of Virginia. But the highest rate is found in the towns of Appomattox, Covington, Hillsville and Orange, where 8 percent is added to the customer's bill.
Who is Teaching the American South?; Israel Bombs Gaza
On this episode of "By Any Means Necessary" hosts Eugene Puryear and Sean Blackmon are joined by Miles Edwards, a writer with ATL Web Magazine to talk about ongoing efforts to censor political prisoner Imam Jamil Al-Amin.
In the second segment Ariel Gold, Campaign Director for CODEPINK and Palestinian Activist Rami Aman joins the show to talk about to talk about Donald Trump's decision to announce Jerusalem as the Israeli capital, the current reactions by Palestinians living in Gaza and American Jews, the Israeli bombing of Gaza over the weekend, and how the move exasperates tensions both within the region and around the world.
In a special third segment the show is joined by Professor Danny Shaw to talk about the current political standoff in Honduras, the efforts to resolve the disputed election, the long history of the United States in the country and their current support of incumbent President Juan Orlando Hernandez, and whether widespread poverty in Honduras and in the region will lead to a popular uprising and mass violence.
In the last segments of "By Any Means Necessary" Eugene Puryear and Sean Blackmon are joined by Ra Shad Frazier-Gaines, Founder, Black Progressives to talk about Tuesday's Senate race in Alabama, the stereotypes around being poor in America, the hypocrisy of what Americans do and do not get outraged about, and why the Democrats continue to struggle in the American South. The group also talks about Accelerated Christian Education and Abeka Books Curriculum being used in American schools, why Condoleezza Rice still is given voice in main stream political media, and whether or not the sexual allegations and revelations will lead to legal punishment.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
CARSON, Calif. — Ryan Hollingshead had a goal and an assist, helping FC Dallas beat the Los Angeles Galaxy 3-2 on Wednesday night.
Dallas (6-1-5) is unbeaten in its last six games against Los Angeles (5-7-1).
FC Dallas scored two goals seven minutes apart in the first half. Mauro Díaz sent a pass along the top of the 18-yard box and Ryan Hollingshead curled it inside the post in the 33rd minute. It was Díaz's seventh assist of the year. In the 40th minute, Hollingshead passed it across goal to find Cristian Colman at the far post for a bouncing header.
Carlos Gruezo added a breakaway goal in the 66th for a 3-0 lead.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):The Parliamentary Committee on China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) on Monday met under the chairpersonship of Senator Mushahid Hussain Sayed and received briefing on long-term plan of the project.
Minister for Planning and Development, Ahsan Iqbal gave a briefing to the members of the committee regarding the long term plan of CPEC which has been agreed to by both Pakistan and China at the last meeting of the Joint Cooperation Committee (JCC) held here on November 21, 2017.
They said that this plan was approved after an 18-month long consultation process and it was shared with all the provinces and endorsed it before it was sent to China and now it is an official document of the CPEC.
During their briefing, the Minister of Planning and Development said that agriculture, poverty alleviation, tourism and culture and improvement in people's livelihood had been added in the CPEC profile for the future to ensure the well-being of the local communities.
Agricultural research would be undertaken so that agricultural products could be value-added with modern technology from China. Since Chinese tourists are increasing in large number, it was decided to promote tourism projects with the building of tourists resorts on the Makran coast and there will be also encouragement of people to people exchanges between Pakistan and China within the framework of culture and education.
In January 2018, a delegation of Pakistan's exporters would go to China to enhance Pakistan's export potential and this delegation is being facilitated by the Government of Pakistan.
During the current JCC meeting, the minister briefed the committee that all the Chief Ministers were present as well as, for the first time, representatives of Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
They also informed that the groundbreaking of Gwadar International Airport will be done in March 2018.
The meeting was informed that contrary to the speculation in the media, the reports of shelving three infrastructure projects is not correct, rather, Chinese side was reviewing the financial mechanism of these projects and these would be started upon receipt of approval from the Chinese side.
The Karachi Circular Railway (KCR) project has been approved as CPEC project while similar projects for Quetta and Peshawar will be reviewed upon receiving technical feasibility reports of the project.
The Parliamentary Committee was also briefed by the Ministry of Power regarding the early harvest energy projects which are on track. The Thar coal project would be operational by June 2019 based on mining of indigenous coal from Thar.
The Port Qasim power project would be completed by February 2018 while the other projects including the Hubco 1320 MW project and two hydro power projects in Sukki Kinari (870 MW) and Karot (720 MW) are proceeding ahead for completion as scheduled.
The committee expressed satisfaction with the progress of the Early Harvest Projects as well as the development of the Gwadar Port. The Chairman of the Committee, Senator Mushahid Hussain welcomed the inclusion of agriculture sector in CPEC since agriculture is the backbone of the Pakistan economy, and they said this will give boost to the economy and also provide Pakistan's farmers with the latest technology in collaboration with China.
They also welcomed the inclusion of tourism and culture, adding that the portfolio has been broadened to include these key elements of promoting people-to-people understanding.
The meeting was attended by Senator Lt Gen (Retd) Salahuddin Tirmizi, Rana Muhammad Afzal, MNA, Isphanyar M. Bhandara, ijaz Hussain Jakhrani, MNA, Asad Umar, MNA, Sheikh Salahuddin, MNA, Alhaj Shahji Gul Afridi, MNA and Minister Incharge for Planning, Development and Reform
Ahsan Iqbal and senior officers of the different ministries and departments.
Hero ISL 2016 watched by 216 million viewers in India
Blockbuster finale viewed by a record 41 million fans.
by Press Release News 02 Jan 2017, 17:24 IST
ISL triumphs once again
The season finale of Hero Indian Super League 2016 on December 18th, 2016, turned out to be a grand sporting event with over 54,000 people thronging the stadium in Kochi and 41 million fans tuning in on television to follow the nail-biting clash between Atletico de Kolkata and Kerala Blasters FC (BARC CS4+, U+R viewership Finale, All Channels). The total number of viewers reached was up +41% as compared to the final of 2015, with viewership in impressions shattering all previous TV & Digital records of the league.
Numbers soared across the nation with Kerala fans leading the way in making ISL the most viewed televised sports event of the year in the state. The season finale overshadowed viewership figures of major sporting events in Kerala, including the India-West Indies 2016 T20 World Cup Semi-finals, Euro 2016 final and FIFA World Cup 2014 final. Similarly, the viewership in West Bengal beat even the IPL 9 finals (BARC, CS 4+, U+R Average Impressions).
Hero ISL received tremendous response across its third edition with a total viewership of 216 million as compared to around 207 million last year (BARC, CS4+, U+R). One of the highlights of the season was the sharp increase in rural India viewership registering a cumulative figure of 101 million, indicating the widespread appeal of the sport.
Furthermore, key metro markets like Mumbai and Chennai emerged as one of the top performers this season recording a surge of more than 50% over last year along with a cumulative 20% spike in viewership in Tamil Nadu. This demonstrates the growth of the sport beyond the traditional bastions of football. This, combined with the numbers of the rural region is indicative of the growing penetration of Hero ISL across all belts in India.
Mrs Nita Ambani, Founder & Chairperson, Football Sports Development Limited remained optimistic on the increasing popularity of Indian football attributing the surge in fans following and team affinity and to “ISL vision”.
Mrs Ambani said, “The overwhelming response from fans is a testament to the vision we have for the league, and it reaffirms our faith that the ‘Indian football is moving in right direction”.
“The response from newer markets like Tamil Nadu and Mumbai, and further growth in established markets like West Bengal, Kerala etc shows the appetite for the sport. Stadium attendance, viewership numbers and growth on the digital platform this season further encourages us to reset our benchmark for the season ahead,” added Mrs Ambani.
This season recorded a surge of over 25% in overall viewer engagement vis-à-vis ISL 2015. This showcases the enhanced quality of play complemented by new-look graphics and the best of experts on the commentary panel, cutting across demographic boundaries and capturing the imagination of a diverse fan base.
2016 edition also took the digital medium by storm registering a doubling of total “watch time” which was 2.3 times over last year on Hotstar and Jio platform. The phenomenon of the Hero ISL was also visible at the stadiums throughout the season in all ISL club cities, with fan armies and football enthusiasts filling up an average of over 84% seating capacity, the highest across all three seasons.
Mr. Sanjay Gupta, Managing Director, Star India said, “The kick-off to the Hero ISL in 2014 signified the birth of a footballing nation. This is a long-term journey, however, we are very encouraged by the incredible fan affinity and increase in followership of the league and the sport in a short span of three years. We had dreamt of the day when Indian footballers would emerge as sporting heroes and this season of the Hero ISL has seen many new stars emerge.
”Further, the quality of play and multi-lingual, high-quality broadcast content has delivered record engagement levels amongst fans. The deeper penetration of the league into Urban and Rural India and the explosive growth of digital consumption augurs well for the future of football in India.”
Tourists hold umbrellas as they visit Tiananmen Square during a rainstorm in Beijing, China August 12, 2017.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Storms swept across Beijing and southeastern China on Saturday, disrupting thousands of flights and flooding towns, while authorities warned that rain and wind could cause landslides in the area where a 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck this week.
Beijing authorities raised their weather alert level to "orange" from "yellow" early in the afternoon, warning against lightning, hail, wind and as much as 70 mm (three inches) of rain, threatening flash floods in mountainous areas.
By early afternoon rain subsided in some parts of the capital, but nine roads were still flooded and 171 tourist sites were shut, the official news agency Xinhua said.
At Beijing International, one of the world's largest airports and China's busiest, more than 1,600 flights were listed as cancelled since midnight and over 300 were delayed, the website of Beijing Capital International Airport Co Ltd showed, urging travellers to check for flight updates.
Air China Ltd said on its Weibo social media account that about 225 of its flights in and out of the capital had been cancelled by 4 p.m. (0800 GMT).
Torrential rainstorms are fairly frequent in Beijing in the summer months, often causing long delays at the airport.
One user of China's Twitter-like Weibo said they had been stuck at the airport for eight hours waiting for a flight home.
A woman holding an umbrella makes their way during a rainstorm in Beijing, China August 12, 2017. Stringer
"There are no free seats, I'm having to sit on the floor, I'm jetlagged and I'm really tired," said the user, who goes by the handle 'Vivian not soymilk'.
Other airports affected by the downpours included Shanghai, Nanjing in Jiangsu province, Hangzhou in Zhejiang along the Yangtze River delta.
The others were in northern regions: Shijiazhuang in Hebei, Taiyuan in Shanxi, Lanzhou in Gansu, Xining in Qinghai and Yinchuan in Ningxia.
In a statement, China's National Meteorological Centre cautioned rescue crews working in Jiuzhaigou, in the southwestern province of Sichuan, to be on alert for landslides and lightning.
Heavy rain was expected across south-eastern China on Saturday, it said.
Widespread flooding hit two areas, Xiangbei and Xiangxi in the southern province of Hunan, Xinhua said. Rainfall across the province ranged from 100 mm (4 inches) to 200 mm (8 inches).
The extreme weather followed a tornado that struck Inner Mongolia on Friday, killing five people, injuring more than 50 and destroying homes in a major city.
NEW YORK (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 7:20 pm |
The Long Island Rail Road's president says it will cost up to $20 million to reverse growing service problems.
Newsday says Patrick Nowakowski spoke Monday to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's LIRR Committee.
About three-quarters of the money will go toward expanded labor costs. Signal workers will be stationed at key railroad locations around the clock for a quicker response.
The remainder of the cost will go toward contracts for new services and technology, including third-rail heaters and track switch covers.
The railroad also aims to improve communications with customers.
State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli said Thursday that 2017 marked the LIRR's worst on-time performance in 18 years. Their office's report said over 9 million riders were inconvenienced by delays and cancellations, costing an estimated $75 million in lost productivity.
Our friends at Thrifter are back again, this time with a deal on free home phone service!
The Ooma Telo free home phone service device is down to $63 as part of Amazon's Gold Box deals of the day. This is the lowest price ever for the Ooma Telo, matching a drop it hasn't seen since April. Over the last six months, its street price has fluctuated around $80-90.
If you haven't heard of Ooma Telo before, it's basically a system that wants to replace your landline or any landline you might be paying for but not using (through a cable bundle, for example). Once you pay for the initial device, the only thing you'll pay for after that is monthly taxes ($3-6 depending on where you live). Given how much your cable bundle might be costing you, this system could end up paying for itself within a year.
Ooma Telo creates a landline that uses your home Internet connection. It gets you free nationwide calling, call waiting, caller ID, 911 service, a call log history and voicemail. It's easy to set up, comes with good mobile apps, and you can keep your original phone number if you want. Ooma also has some neat extra features like sending voicemail to email or text message and also lets you block known telemarketers.
Ooma Telo is better than other VoIP services like Vonage because you're paying up front for the device and then, except for taxes, don't have to pay for anything ever again unless you want to. With Vonage's best deal you're paying $10 a month, which means Ooma Telo pays for itself over that service in half a year with this deal.
See at Amazon
More from Thrifter
For more great deals be sure to check out our friends at Thrifter now!
Set it up so that all you have to do is touch the back sensor to unlock the phone.
So what if the iris scanning and facial recognition unlocking capabilities on the Galaxy S8 are too futuristic for you? It's okay to do things the old fashioned way — or rather, to stick to a way of doing things that have just become routine for you. Like scanning in your fingerprint to unlock your smartphone.
The Galaxy S8 has a fingerprint sensor, too, though this time it's located on the back of the device, right next to the main rear-facing camera lens. One you register your fingerprint, you can use it to unlock the phone, unlock the Secure folder, pay with Samsung Pay, and unlock the vault to your online banking account (provided your bank app supports this feature). Here's how to set up the fingerprint sensor to unlock a world of unlocking.
How to set up the fingerprint sensor on the Galaxy S8
Swipe down from the top of the screen to reveal the notification shade. Tap the Settings icon in the upper right corner. Tap Lock screen and security. Tap Fingerprint Scanner. Tap Add fingerprint. Scan your fingerprint.
When you're finished, you can choose to add another fingerprint or exit out of the screen by tapping Done.
Once you're back at the Fingerprint Scanner settings menu, you can choose whether to enable Samsung Pass, which uses your fingerprints to verify your identity within any app that supports this functionality. From here, you can also choose whether to use your fingerprints to verify your identity on your Samsung account, as well as with Samsung Pay.
Questions?
We're standing by to answer any questions you may have. Just leave a comment!
PicoBrew has been around for a while, making beer brewing easy, even for people who don't know the difference between hops and hops. The company's current Kickstarter campaign is for the Pico C, a small home brewing appliance to make brewing even easier, using a Nespresso-style cartridge approach to making your own home brews. Today, the company announced a surprise upgrade option to its campaign — a whole new appliance. The PicoStill is a small still to make hard liquor from the beer you made with the Pico C. I'm not sure these types of surprises are a great idea.
On the topic of moonshine, I should point out that the company (wisely) doesn't suggest you go and brew your own gin right off the bat. “PicoStill can be used to distill hop oil, water, and essential oils. Licensed and properly permitted craft distillers can also use the PicoStill to produce a wide range of alcohols, including vodka, whiskey, bourbon, moonshine, gin, brandies, schnapps and more.” Can you hear the “wink, wink, nudge, nudge” in that sentence, right around where it says “licensed and properly permitted craft distillers”? Yeah, me too.
Anyway. As exciting as it is to spring a whole additional piece of kit on your backers, I'm not going to lie: I really hope that this isn't the start of a trend. Hardware startups are hard ( I should know… ), and scaling hardware manufacturing is an art in itself. We've seen many of the most popular hardware crowdfunding campaigns crumble under their own weight (ahem, we're looking at you, The Coolest Cooler ), not least because they added layers and layers of complexity to a product as so-called “stretch goals.” Adding a whole new piece of equipment to the mix is brave, to put it mildly.
Don't get me wrong; PicoBrew is an excellent company, and they've successfully delivered on promises in the past. There's nothing that makes me think that it won't deliver this time, too. I further admit that a $479 brewing machine/still early-bird kit is causing my finger to hover over the “pledge now” button. The thought of having a home brewery and still in my own home is so unbearably cool that I barely know what to do myself. Of course, that's exactly what marketing is meant to do (It worked! Congratulations.)
Having said that: Surprising backers with major changes halfway through a campaign makes it much harder to do due diligence. Whenever you back a campaign on any crowdfunding campaign, you should ask yourself, “Do the promises a company is making about a product make sense? Do I have faith in their ability to deliver?” The answer to that question could change significantly if the campaign changes the goalposts halfway through, and makes it much harder to be a diligent crowdfunding backer.
PicoStill is available now to Kickstarter backers for $170, or packaged with the Pico Model C for $479. It will retail for $349 when it hits stores later this fall.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Motif Bio Plc:
* MOTIF BIO PLC - ‍ROBERT DICKEY IV HAS INFORMED COMPANY OF Their INTENTION TO RESIGN FROM Their ROLE AS CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER​
* MOTIF BIO PLC - SEARCH PROCESS FOR NEW CFO HAS COMMENCED; JONATHAN GOLD, CURRENTLY NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF CO, HAS AGREED TO SERVE AS INTERIM CFO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The President of the Republic responded to a particularly strong question about Hezbollah's military deployments on various Syrian battlefields as valuable additions to regional instability. They pointed out that the Shiite militia intervened in the fighting in Syria only when Lebanon was confronted with the terrorist threat. They specifically identified infiltrations in Arsal and Wadi Khalid, along the border, as the necessary rationale, adding: “Hezbollah's presence in Syria is directed against terrorist organizations on the ground like Daech and the Al Nusrah Front”, though their assertion that the party does not interfere “in the regional struggle” was not accurate. In fact, such interferences prompted the Gulf Cooperation Council states to designate Hezbollah a terrorist organization.
Cairo also designated Hezbollah a terrorist organisation in the aftermath of the April 2009 Hezbollah plot in Egypt that involved the arrest of 49 men by Egyptian authorities. At the time, Egypt accused those detained as being Hezbollah agents planning attacks against Israeli and Egyptian targets throughout the Sinai Peninsula. In response to the arrests, Hassan Nasrallah accused Cairo of mistreating the Palestinians after the 2008 War in Gaza. They lamented the closing of the Rafah crossing that, the Chairman of the Party said, made Egypt a “partner in the killing of Palestinians by the Israeli Defense Forces”, a declaration that angered Cairo. As part of another interview on Sunday, this time with Al Ahram, President Aoun defended Hezbollah, noting first that the Shiite militia was targeted by the UN resolution 1559 for various reasons, but chiefly “because of its opposition to Israel”. They added that the agreement with Hezbollah allowed them to no longer merely be confined to a specific community and become “national resistance” which raised eyebrows among many Lebanese who did not accept this interpretation. It was unclear whether the President was sharing their personal views or revealing a new State policy, especially when they underscored that the LAF and Hezbollah complemented each other and that the party's strength did not weaken the State. Asked whether during their visit to Saudi Arabia the issue of Hezbollah as a terrorist organization was raised by King Salman, Aoun replied that this issue had not been addressed because Hezbollah members were Lebbanese citizens who inhabited the South and are not mercenaries like those who came from other countries fighting in Syria”. Aoun and their delegation, which includes the Minister of Finance Ali Hassan Khalil, the Minister of Foreign Affairs Gebran Bassil, the Minister of the Interior Nouhad Al Mashnouq, the Minister of the Economy Raed Khoury, and the State Minister for Presidential Affairs Pierre Raffoul, will meet with their counterparts for in-depth exchanges though Baabda Palace did not issue a formal agenda. Observers noted that the head of General Security, Major General Abbas Ebrahim, accompanied the president too, which hinted that counter-terrorism measures were probably high on the list of items that leaders of the two countries were bound to address. On Tuesday, Aoun was scheduled to fly to Amman, at the invitation of Jordanian King Abdullah II. More from Lebanon Arab unity urged to guard Jerusalem's diversity
Aoun in Egypt, defends Hezbollah's arms
Calls for civilian airport in Tripoli intensify
Junblatt attacks Lebanese judiciary
Broncos defensive end Derek Wolfe tweeted that they “dodged a bullet” on Saturday. The sixth-year defender was carted off the practice field Saturday but further examination revealed that they merely sprained their ankle.
That's good news, though the injury does look gruesome:
Just a little swelling 😎 pic.twitter.com/iCz1TL7FhE — Derek Wolfe (@Derek_Wolfe95) August 12, 2017
Wolfe's injury could have been much worse, but it looks like he'll be back in time for the team's season opener against the Chargers on Sept. 11.
Denver can't afford any more injuries on the defensive line: nose tackles Billy Winn is out for the year with a torn ACL, nose tackle Kyle Peko is still recovering from a broken foot and defensive end Jared Crick was carted off the practice field with an apparent injury on Monday.
Wolfe (6-5, 285 pounds) was selected by the Broncos out of Cincinnati in the second round of the 2012 NFL draft. He's emerged as one of the team's best defensive linemen since then, recording 191 tackles and 22.5 sacks.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Aug 13 (Reuters) - AMLAK FINANCE:
* LOOTAH REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT TIES UP WITH AMLAK FINANCE, PARTNERSHIP WILL ALLOW LOOTAH'S CUSTOMERS TO OWN MORE THAN JUST ONE PROPERTY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: )
Why Russian Journalist Arkady Babchenko Faked Their Own Death
Arkady Babchenko, the Russian journalist reported dead, turned up alive on TV today. Their friend and colleague Simon Ostrovsky tells NPR's Mary Louise Kelly that he's both relieved and frustrated with what was apparently a planned sting to catch the attempted killers.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Well, here's how we learned late this morning that Arkady Babchenko was alive. One of our producers was calling around to journalists who'd worked with them - someone who was mourning their death. And one of the people we called was Simon Ostrovsky. They said, look at your TV. Babchenko isn't dead.
Simon Ostrovsky is Investigations Editor with Coda Story. That's a nonprofit news website. And they are on the line now. Hi there.
SIMON OSTROVSKY: Hi.
KELLY: Hi. So we're about to have a really different conversation than we thought we were going to have with you. Has your blood pressure recovered from the shock?
OSTROVSKY: Yeah. It's been a couple of hours now, and I'm sort of coming down from the confusion and the excitement of finding out that my friend was alive. And, you know, myself and a lot of colleagues are processing this information to try to understand what it means because we've been confronted with, unfortunately, multiple deaths of colleagues in the post-Soviet space before, and nothing like this has ever happened.
KELLY: I know you know them because you reported together from the frontlines of the fighting in Ukraine. Yesterday, when the news was breaking that they had been shot - that they had been killed, you tweeted that they were a brave reporter.
And then you tweeted something eerie, in hindsight. You wrote, at this point, I'm just hoping these reports are a mistake. What was going through your mind when you saw those first reports that your friend had been killed?
OSTROVSKY: Well, I mean, it was just a genuine, actual emotion. I didn't really believe that it was possible that they could still be alive. I was just hoping for hope out of hope. And lo and behold, now they are.
KELLY: You're just sitting there watching with your jaw on the floor?
OSTROVSKY: Yeah, essentially. It was totally unbelievable.
KELLY: So I'm sure that you're happy that your friend and former colleague is alive and well. What else has gone through your mind today?
OSTROVSKY: Well, you know, I'm asking myself whether this ruse was completely necessary. The question I have is could the authorities in Ukraine have protected Arkady's life without making all of us believe that they were dead? Why was it necessary to say that they were dead in order to capture the people who they say were trying to kill him?
Here we were, spending most of yesterday posting about their death like it happened, only, all of us, to discover that it'd been mistaken. And at a time when people's trust in the media is so low, you know, this was sort of a blow.
KELLY: You wrote that back in 2014, the two of you - you and Babchenko - were reporting together in Ukraine that they got beaten up, that they were put through a mock execution by Ukrainian soldiers. And you wrote, this is going to seem like child's play compared to the hell they are about to get from theirs wife.
OSTROVSKY: From their wife and, you know, from the rest of us. A lot of us are really elated and happy he's alive, but we also kind of want to punch them in the face, to be honest, for doing this. And like I said, I really hope that this was completely necessary in order to save their lives and that the bar was set no lower than that.
KELLY: You know, the story that they had been shot and killed was plausible in that they had criticized the Kremlin. They felt that their life was at risk. They had fled Russia and moved to Ukraine out of security concerns. When you worked with him, did they talk about that? Did they talk about feeling at risk?
OSTROVSKY: Even back then in 2014, for journalists who were from Russia but who appeared, you know, to hardcore nationalists to be taking the Ukrainian side, that was tantamount to being a traitor. You would have actual members of Putin's government saying that these people deserve to lose their citizenship or to be thrown out of the country. Other journalists have been shot and killed.
And this fake story, in a way, I think, detracts from the very many real stories. It's a very dangerous place - the former Soviet Union, Russia, Ukraine, especially - to do this work, and people do it out of passion because it's certainly not well remunerated.
KELLY: Have you tried to reach out to him? When you do, what will you say?
OSTROVSKY: I sent them a message on Facebook. I think he's getting millions of them right now, but the content is pretty much - can be summed up in three letters, WTF, or whatever the Russian equivalent of that is.
KELLY: Simon Ostrovsky, thank you.
OSTROVSKY: Thank you.
KELLY: Simon Ostrovsky speaking there about their fellow journalist and friend Arkady Babchenko, who was reported shot and killed. We have since learned they faked their death. They say it was a sting operation to flush out people trying to kill him.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
And advanced US Navy ship that tracks and monitors ballistic missiles arrived in South Korea's southern port city of Busan on Wednesday, the Seoul military said.
The USNS Howard O. Lorenzen pulled into port three days after North Korea test-fired a newly developed intermediate-range ballistic missile powered by a solid-fuel engine which is more powerful and harder to detect than a liquid-fueled rocket.
This photo taken on Feb. 15, 2017, shows the The USNS Howard O. Lorenzen (T-AGM-25) anchored in the port of Busan. (Yonhap)
"We don't have information about how long the Howard Lorenzen will stay in Busan. It is the first time for it to enter our port while on mission for missile tracking and monitoring in waters near the Korean Peninsula," a military official said.The missile tracker is also capable of collecting data on the tested weapons and missiles, they said.The 12,845-ton vessel became operational in 2014 and carries a next-generation active electronically scanned array radar system named Cobra King.Manned by a combined crew of about 80 sailors and civilian mariners, the ship is 163 meters (534 feet) long and 27 meters wide, and has a maximum speed of 37 kilometers per hour. (Yonhap)
There is concern, tears and lost money in the world of crypto once again after MyEtherWallet (MEW), one of the most popular wallets on the internet, was hit by a DNS hack that saw some users lose their cryptocurrency.
MEW said in a statement that “a couple of Domain Name System registration servers were hijacked around 12PM UTC 24 April to redirect users to a phishing site.” Not all visitors to the site during the hijack were impacted, but MEW said that “a majority” of those who were had been using Google's DNS.
“We are currently in the process of verifying which servers were targeted to help resolve this issue as soon possible,” the company added, confirming that it has since secured its website. The company recommends those who had used Google DNS to switch to Cloudflare's.
Wikipedia, country-specific versions of Microsoft, Google and PayPal and even banks have been hit by similar attacks before.
An incident like this doesn't compromise the site directly, but, in the case of MEW, it led some users of the service to insecure websites that aren't MEW. From there, those who entered private key information without realizing they had been phished risked having their data snagged by the attackers on the other side. With that information, the attackers could gain access to their account and drain its contents. (Note: this is a very good reason why people are advised to never enter private keys manually, and why secure hardware is highly recommended.)
It's hard to quantify the impact of an attack like this because MEW is such a well-used and trusted service, while MEW said it is still gathering information on exactly what happened.
Coindesk reports that $150,000, or 216 Ether, was taken, but the figure is likely higher. One fraud tracker identified two wallets (here and here) used in the attack, and they lead to what looks like a holding wallet (here) that collected over 520 Ether today. That would be around $365,000 at today's price of $700 per ETH.
The actual amount taken could be higher still. The holding wallet leads to a larger wallet which has a balance of over $17 million in Ether and a constant stream of incoming transactions. That's not to say that $17 million was stolen — that isn't likely — but the attackers could be using other wallets which haven't yet been tracked but eventually lead to this larger one.
Beyond using hardware like Trezor or Ledger, crypto wallet users — well, internet users in general — should check that the SSL of a website (shown to the left of the domain name in the browser bar) is secure when they are dealing with private information.
That's the message that MEW gave to its community.
“Users, PLEASE ENSURE there is a green bar SSL certificate that says “MyEtherWallet Inc” before making any transactions. We advise users to run a local (offline) copy of the MEW (MyEtherWallet). We urge users to use hardware wallets to store their cryptocurrencies,” it said in a Reddit statement.
Those looking for an alternative to MEW could turn to MyCrypto, which was started in February by a former MEW co-founder and offers a similar service. Neither site holds users' crypto or information, instead they allow the checking of accounts and enable transactions to be sent to the blockchain, after which they are ferried on to the intended recipient.
Disclosure: The author owns a small amount of cryptocurrency. Enough to gain an understanding, not enough to change a life.
NEW DELHI/LONDON (Reuters) - India's Reliance Industries Ltd, owner of the world's biggest refining complex, plans to halt oil imports from Iran, two sources familiar with the matter said, in a sign that new U.S. sanctions are forcing buyers to shun oil purchases from Tehran.
Labourers work behind an advertisement of Reliance Industries Limited at a construction site in Mumbai, March 2, 2016. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/Files
Reliance's move, expected to take effect in October or November, came after U.S. President Donald Trump abandoned a 2015 nuclear agreement this month and ordered the reimposition of U.S. sanctions on Tehran.
Some sanctions take effect after a 90-day “wind-down” period ending on Aug. 6, and the rest, notably on the petroleum sector, after a 180-day “wind-down period” ending on Nov. 4.
India has said it does not follow U.S. sanctions but companies with links to the U.S. financial system could be liable to penalties if they do not comply.
Reliance, an Indian conglomerate controlled by billionaire Mukesh Ambani, has significant exposure to the financial system of the United States, where it operates some subsidiaries that are linked to its oil and telecom businesses among others.
Reliance, whose modern refining complex at Jamnagar in Gujarat can process about 1.4 million barrels per day (bpd) of crude, has told officials of the National Iranian Oil Co (NIOC) that the firm would stop oil imports from Tehran in October or November, one of the sources said.
A second source said the company could halt imports from Iran earlier than that if European nations and Tehran failed to salvage the nuclear deal.
This source said that some insurance companies have asked Reliance to end exposure to Iran before November.
Global insurers have already warned about doing business with Iran while some shipping lines have said they would not take new bookings for Iran.
The United States has threatened to impose sanctions on European companies that do business with Iran.
In the interim period until it stops buying Iranian oil, Reliance has asked NIOC to supply Iranian oil in vessels owned by National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC), the sources said.
The sources did not wish to be identified as the matter is sensitive. Reliance did not respond to an email from Reuters seeking comment.
In 2017, Reliance's oil imports from Iran surged by about 45 percent to 67,000 bpd, according to ship tracking data. In Jan-April 2018, the company has imported about 96,000 bpd.
RETHINKING DEALINGS
Washington's withdrawal from the nuclear deal has spurred global insurers and other companies to rethink their dealings in Iran as they await further guidance from the United States and European Union.
Earlier this month French energy giant Total said it might quit a multi-billion-dollar gas project if it could not secure a waiver from U.S. sanctions.
Italy's Eni, which last June signed a provisional agreement with Tehran to conduct oil and gas feasibility studies, has said it had no plans for new projects in Iran.
Reliance, which deals with some of the top-notch foreign bankers with huge exposure to the U.S. financial system, exports fuel to the United States and imports ethane from there for its petrochemical plants.
Trade sources have said Reliance recently bought up to 8 million barrels of U.S. crude.
After a gap of six years, Reliance resumed purchases from Iran in 2016 when Western powers eased restrictions on trade with Iran in return for the OPEC member agreeing to end its disputed nuclear programme.
During previous sanctions NIOC waived a condition for its oil buyers to open letters of credit.
Since the lifting of sanctions, it has been selling oil in euros, a move that has allowed companies to temporarily continue dealing with Iran, despite the U.S. move to reimpose sanctions.
Iran is also offering deep discounts on sales to recoup market share in Asia, lost to key rivals Saudi Arabia and Iraq.
The company's global depository receipts are traded in the U.S. market. It is also the first Asian company to float 50- and 100-year bonds on the U.S. debt market, according to its annual report.
South Korea's Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn strongly warned against North Korea's military provocations, saying its saber-rattling will lead it toward a "path of self-destruction."
Hwang made the remarks during a meeting with the leaders of the ruling Liberty Korea Party, three days after the North fired off a new intermediate-range ballistic missile, showing off its technological progress in developing delivery vehicles for its nuclear weapons.
Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn (R) speaks during a meeting with the leaders of the ruling Liberty Korea Party at their official residence in Seoul on Feb. 15, 2017. (Yonhap)
"The (South Korean) government strongly condemns North Korea's provocation this time and gravely warns that it will take a path of self-destruction in the near future if it fails to end its delusion of nuclear and missile provocations," Hwang said.Stressing that the South Korean and US militaries will stage their "largest-ever" annual joint exercise next month, the acting president stressed that Seoul will seek to strengthen international cooperation in countering the communist regime's persistent military threats."Our government, based on a solid South Korea-US combined defense posture, will unwaveringly safeguard the lives of our citizens and national security," they said.Despite security challenges weighing on the government, Hwang said they would strive to focus on revitalizing the sluggish economy and enhancing the livelihoods of ordinary citizens."First of all, to find a breakthrough in our efforts to reinvigorate the economy, we will accelerate our endeavors to bolster exports and help local firms win high-return overseas infrastructure deals and expand their presence in foreign markets," they said.The participants in the meeting included Finance Minister Yoo Il-ho; In Myung-jin, the party's interim leader; and Chung Woo-taik, the floor leader of the party. (Yonhap)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - IS BANKASI:
* FY 2017 NET PROFIT OF 5.31 BILLION LIRA VERSUS 4.70 BILLION LIRA YEAR AGO
* FY 2017 NET INTEREST INCOME OF 13.21 BILLION LIRA VERSUS 10.84 BILLION LIRA YEAR AGO
* FY 2017 NET FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME 3.37 BILLION LIRA VERSUS 2.84 BILLION LIRA YEAR AGO
* NON-PERFORMING LOANS AT END OF 2017 5.38 BILLION LIRA VERSUS 4.93 BILLION LIRA YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Daria Gavrilova overcame their own nerves to get a first round win over Kristina Mladenovic in Cincinnati.
Daria Gavrilova fought off nerves and some serious serving problems to beat French world No.13 Kristina Mladenovic in the first round of the Western and Southern Open.
Gavrilova won a rollercoaster ride of a match 6-0 7-6 (8-6) to claim a big scalp and book a second round showdown with Italian qualifier Camila Giorgi.
The Australian world No.26 breezed through the first set in 24 minutes smacking several forehand winners against a misfiring Mladenovic and looked in complete control.
Helping them were the errors streaming from Mladenovic's forehand wing, but then in the second set the match changed.
Gavrilova started going for more and made errors of their own, while Mladenovic was making them shots.
Still Gavrilova broke Mladenovic at 4-4, but their serve, so often a problem let them down as they proceeded to serve many of their 11 double faults.
Serving for the match at 5-4 the 23-year-old Australian opened with two double faults and gave the break back.
When Mladenovic took a 6-5 lead they were full of confidence.
Gavrilova though took the match to a tiebreak and hung tough. And when a Mladenovic forehand sailed long Gavrilova advanced.
Giorgi had a much easier day, beating Czech player Katerina Siniakova 6-2 6-2.
They are joined in the second round by 14th-seeded Czech Petra Kvitova, who advanced with a 1-6 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 win over Anett Kontaveit.
Unseeded duo Lesia Tsurenko of Ukraine and Beatriz Haddad Maia of Brazil also advanced to the second round.
© Getty Images
Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) on Saturday called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee following reports that a data firm took Facebook users' private information for President Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign.It was also reported that senior members of Cambridge Analytica met with Russian business executives ahead of the 2016 campaign.Facebook suspended the group on Friday for not fully deleting all of the data it had obtained.Klobuchar also said that Cambridge Analytica taking data on Facebook users is further justification for regulating technology companies via their Honest Ads Act, introduced in late 2017. The bill would hold internet platforms like Facebook to similar political ad disclosure standards as radio, TV and print outlets.Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.) who co-sponsored the legislation, also said that Facebook's dealings with Cambridge Analytica are reason to pass the Honest Ads Act.Facebook's general counsel, Colin Stretch, testified in front of the Judiciary Committee last year alongside top lawyers from Google and Twitter about Russian manipulation on its platform. At the time, some lawmakers said that they would also like to see top executives from the firm appear before Congress.The social media platform has already been under increased scrutiny after it was revealed that Russian actors spent $100,000 on political advertisements on the site during the presidential campaign.Facebook has been cooperating with investigators. The information about the ads was handed to Congress and special counsel Robert Mueller for their investigations into Russian interference in the election.
* Q3 net profit 236.5 bln yen vs 296.4 bln in year-ago qtr
* Keeps full-year net profit guidance at 950 bln yen
* MUFG's profit drop comes after earnings rises at SMFG, Mizuho (Adds details of results)
By Taiga Uranaka
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japan's largest lender Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG) posted a 20 percent drop in quarterly profit due to a surge in costs related to its overseas growth push, diverging from its two closest rivals who saw their profits rise.
MUFG, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group and Mizuho Financial Group - Japan's top-three banks - are suffering diminishing profits in their domestic banking business, hurt by persistently low interest rates amid the Bank of Japan's massive monetary stimulus measures.
To offset that, the Japanese lenders have aggressively looked overseas for growth, with MUFG taking the lead. That expansion has raised costs at the lender.
MUFG posted a net profit of 236.5 billion yen ($2.16 billion) for the October-December period, its smallest profit in three quarters, according to a Reuters calculation. MUFG and other Japanese banks only disclosed nine-month cumulative figures.
The No.1 Japanese lender said on Friday its expense ratio for the nine months ended in December rose to 67.3 percent from 63.7 percent in the year earlier period. Its operating costs rose 6.5 percent during October-December from the year-ago period, a Reuters calculation shows.
The bank has taken steps to contain costs. MUFG CEO Nobuyuki Hirano has launched a drive to become more efficient at home and overseas, including setting up a back-office centre in the Philippines and targeting headcount reduction of 6,000 by the year starting in April 2023.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group and Mizuho Financial Group earlier this week reported quarterly profit rises after hefty gains in their stock portfolios.
MUFG already holds stakes in Vietnam's VietinBank, Thailand's Bank of Ayudhya and Security Bank Corp of the Philippines.
In December, MUFG said it had agreed with Temasek Holdings , Singapore's state investment arm, to buy 73.8 percent of Indonesia's fifth-largest bank in three stages, adding that eventually it wants to make it wholly owned.
For the full year through March, the Japanese bank kept its net profit forecast of 950 billion yen, up 2.5 percent from the previous year and below an average estimate of 1.01 trillion yen in a poll of 14 analysts by Thomson Reuters. ($1 = 109.7000 yen) (Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department is seeking “substantial” civil fines from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV after the government filed suit accusing the company of illegally using software that led to excess emissions in 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles sold since 2014, a person briefed on the matter said on Friday.
Bloomberg News reported Friday that the Justice Department sent Fiat Chrysler lawyers a Jan. 27 settlement offer that included requiring the company to offset excess pollution and take steps to prevent future excess emissions.
A person briefed on the matter confirmed the letter included language that a settlement “must include very substantial civil penalties.”
Fiat Chrysler shares ended down 7.2 percent at $22.30 on Friday in New York after earlier falling over 10 percent on news of the potential fines.
In a discussion in Washington this week between the Justice Department and Fiat Chrysler overseen by court-appointed settlement adviser Ken Feinberg, no specific figures were discussed, two people briefed on the talks said. Another round of settlement talks is set for late this month.
Feinberg and Fiat Chrysler declined to comment.
In July, Fiat Chrysler won approval from federal and California regulators to sell 2017 model year diesel vehicles after it came under scrutiny for alleged excess emissions in older diesel models.
To resolve the excess pollution issue, Fiat Chrysler lawyer Robert Giuffra said in December at a court hearing the company remains confident it can use updated emissions software in the 2017 vehicles as the basis of a fix to address agencies' concerns over 2014-2016 diesel vehicles.
The Justice Department said in December that company testing on the proposed fix began on Dec. 17 and would take about three months. The government will then have 30 days to review the results and expects to make a determination by the end of April.
No settlement is expected before testing is completed, people briefed on the talks said.
Separately, the company is still trying to settle lawsuits filed by owners of the diesel vehicles. A separate settlement session is set with lawyers for the owners and Fiat Chrysler in the coming weeks.
Regulators have said Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicles had undisclosed emissions controls that allowed vehicles to emit excess pollution during normal driving. The company has denied wrongdoing, saying there was never an attempt to create software to cheat emissions rules.
Fiat Chrysler's emissions case comes after Volkswagen AG's (VOWG_p.DE) diesel emissions scandal prompted increased industry scrutiny.
THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Prosecutors appealed to a United Nations court in the Hague on Tuesday to convict former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic of genocide for the killing of Croats and Muslims across Bosnia during the 1992-95 war.
Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic appears in a courtroom before the International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals (MICT), which is handling outstanding war crimes cases for the Balkans and Rwanda, in The Hague, Netherlands, April 24, 2018. REUTERS/Yves Herman/Pool
They also appealed to the judges to increase the 40-year prison sentence handed to them on 10 other genocide counts to life behind bars.
Karadzic, 72, was found guilty of genocide in May 2016 from 10 counts of war crimes, including the siege of Sarajevo and the 1995 Srebrenica massacre in which about 8,000 Bosnian Muslim men and boys were killed by Bosnian Serb forces.
But that court acquitted them on a charge of genocide related to attacks for pursuing the destruction of Muslim and Croat populations in other parts of Bosnia.
Karadzic's appeal against the conviction opened on Monday at the International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals (MICT), which took over cases from a U.N. court for the former Yugoslavia when it closed last year. They asked for a retrial.
Prosecutors on Tuesday appealed their acquittal on the 11th count, saying they should face an additional genocide conviction.
They said in their opening statement that Karadzic, who insists they are innocent, played an “essential and leading role” in atrocities.
“(Karadzic) abused their immense power to spill the blood of countless victims. Justice requires that they receive the highest possible sentence, a life sentence,” Katrina Gustafson told the judges.
Karadzic, the political leader of the breakaway Bosnian Serb Republic during the war, told the court: “Nothing that is alleged in these proceedings is true.”
They said the Bosnian Serbs had acted defensively in the war.
The original trial judges had ruled that prosecutors fell short of the proving genocide, which would have required showing an intent to destroy Muslim and Croat populations, rather than merely slaughtering many to drive them out.
In their appeals arguments, prosecutors insisted that Karadzic knew the levels of violence needed to carry out “ethnic cleansing” policies amounted to genocide.
“Karadzic and their associates knew that they would need to spill rivers of blood to carve out the ethnically-cleansed territories they sought and embraced this bloody path,” Gustafson said.
A verdict is expected by the end of the year.
Before lighting up the grill, reaching for a cold beverage or looking up for fireworks on the Fourth of July, there's one tradition that should sit atop every baseball fan's holiday to-do list: checking the MLB standings. And our experts are no different. We asked Bradford Doolittle, Sarah Langs and David Schoenfield to weigh in on what stands out most to them.
What's the first thing that jumps out when you look at the standings right now?
Sarah Langs: The discrepancy between the American League and National League. It seems pretty likely that we already know our five playoff teams in the American League -- just not necessarily the order (hello, wild-card race vs. AL East). Barring some collapses -- always possible, of course -- it looks like we're in for the Yankees, Red Sox, Indians, Astros and Mariners in some order. But in the National League, it's a completely different story. There are about nine teams you could make an argument for making the playoffs, at least in a wild-card spot. That's three in each division! And perhaps the best part is that none of the division leaders are the ones that were widely predicted to start the season.
David Schoenfield: The Astros have outscored their opponents by 170 runs. The Mariners have outscored their opponents by 22 runs. And yet, there's Seattle, only a half-game behind the Astros and on track for 100 wins. As Jeff Sullivan of FanGraphs just pointed out, using the site's team "clutch" statistic, the Mariners are on pace to be the most "clutch" team since 1974 (as far back as the data goes).
Bradford Doolittle: The American League playoff slots look like they're all claimed, which means, of course, some team will collapse and another team will pass it like Secretariat. The most logical candidate for that is clearly Seattle, with its so-so run differential and incredible record in not just close games, but clutch situations in general -- both hitting and pitching.
Which team is headed for a big rise or drop in the standings?
Doolittle: The team I've been watching creep up on everyone in the AL for a while is the A's, so look out for them.
Langs: I tend to look at run differential as a pretty good predictor. The Giants have gotten back into the race lately but have a minus-22 run differential; whereas the Dodgers, who are just a game ahead of San Francisco, have outscored their opponents by 72 runs. I'd expect that gap between those two in the standings to widen. The Nationals are another one -- and a bit of a puzzling case. They've outscored opponents by 24 runs, significantly more than the Phillies (plus-7), but are 3 ½ games behind Philly. The Nationals haven't been great -- and had a very poor June -- but it still seems like they could generate more momentum here moving forward.
Schoenfield: The Nationals have dug themselves a big hole, but there's too much talent for them not to make a run at the NL East title. One note, however: They're 13-16 within the division, after going 47-29 in 2017 and 51-25 in 2016. On the bright side, they have 29 games remaining against the Mets and Marlins.
Of the American League teams currently holding playoff spots, how many will make the postseason?
Langs: I really think all five will. The Mariners' success (luck? Good teams make their own luck) in one-run games likely can't persist throughout the entire season, but there just doesn't seem to be another team that could overtake them. With all of their success lately, the A's are still eight games back for that second wild card. Huge year for you, Dave!
Schoenfield: While it's hard to believe the Mariners can continue their one-run magic -- 26-11 in one-run games -- they've built a nice cushion over the A's. I'll say they end the longest playoff drought in the majors (since 2001), so that means all five AL teams are already set.
Doolittle: Four.
Of the National League teams currently holding playoff spots, how many will make the postseason?
Langs: The Diamondbacks, Braves, Brewers and Cubs will make it, but the Phillies will not. That bullpen is too suspect to be relied on in September. The Dodgers will make it instead.
Doolittle: Three. Cubs will win the Central, but the Brewers will get the top wild card. The Braves will hold on in the East, but the Nationals will sneak in and grab the second wild card. And the Dodgers will win the West, while the Diamondbacks will finish just behind the Nats -- and just ahead of the Cardinals, Giants and Phillies -- in the race for the second wild card.
Schoenfield: I'll say three of the five.
Will Bryce Harper and the Nationals turn it around in the second half of 2018? Tom Szczerbowski/Getty Images
Which team is the biggest disappointment of the first half (and will it turn things around)?
Langs: The Mets started 11-1 and are now solidly below .500. Only one team to start 11-1 or better through 12 games has finished with a sub-.500 record: the 2002 Indians, who finished with a .457 winning percentage. With a minus-60 run differential, third worst in the National League, it's pretty safe to say the Mets will not be turning it around.
Doolittle: The Nationals would probably win that designation from me at the moment, even though injuries have been a big part of their story. In terms of just sheer underachievement, you can make a strong argument for the Cardinals. I suspect both will play better from here on out, but the Nationals have the higher upside.
Schoenfield: Has to be the Nationals. I don't know if they'll catch the Braves, but I think they at least squeeze out a wild card.
Which team is the biggest surprise of the first half (and can they keep it up)?
Schoenfield: The Mariners. They'll fall off that 100-win pace but still win 90-something and make the playoffs.
Langs: The Braves were expected to be good, but I don't think anyone thought they'd be this good this soon. If anyone had any hopes for them entering the year, they were likely of the wild-card variety, and instead this team is leading the division. Young teams can get tired and fade, but they seem poised to power through -- with a strong starting rotation and the power of the Baby Braves. For what it's worth, too, they're just about right on the number of their Pythagorean win-loss record, so there's some evidence they haven't just gotten lucky or outperformed what their numbers should be.
Doolittle: The Braves are on pace to outstrip my preseason forecast for them by 14 wins. No one else is close. And, yes, I think they'll keep it up. This is simply an organization with a ton of talent for which it has all come together ahead of schedule.
Which division race will be the most interesting the rest of the way?
Langs: Depends on how much competition you want. If you want three teams dueling it out, the National League East could be fascinating. Two young teams here about a year earlier than expected, and another team with a big-name player in a contract year, along with arguably the best pitcher in baseball. Will the youth and experience matter? Will Bryce Harper finally start playing like he's in a contract year? But if you want high stakes, let me direct you to the AL East, where two teams on pace for 100 wins will battle it out all summer to avoid the distinction of having the most regular-season wins of any team to play in the wild-card game (currently belongs to the 98-win Pirates from 2015).
Schoenfield: We should have several good races after only really having one OK race last year. We could have a three-team race in the NL West, which would be fun, but that AL East has the makings of a titanic clash between two teams that could win 105 games and will be desperate to avoid a one-game playoff in which you might have to face a tough opponent in James Paxton (and maybe burn your own ace -- Chris Sale or Luis Severino -- in the process).
Doolittle: The Red Sox and Yankees by far because it will remind us of how great a true pennant race can be. Alas, the loser gets the coin-flip game as a consolation prize, but that's a poor outcome for a probable 100-win juggernaut. The battle to avoid that game will be fierce.
Which contender most needs to do something big before the trade deadline?
Doolittle: There are upgrades to be made on every contending roster, but in terms of remaining in contention at all, I think St. Louis needs to do something aggressive. There are too many good players on that team for it to be floundering like it is, and it seems to be getting worse, not better. Getting Paul DeJong and some of the team's injured pitchers back will help, but I'd like to see the Redbirds land a big bat to bring it all into focus, whether it's Manny Machado, Josh Donaldson or somebody else.
Langs: For all of their success this season, the Yankees could really use another starting pitcher. All Yankees starters not named Luis Severino have combined for an ERA more than two runs higher than his. The Yankees are still winning a lot of those games, but they'd likely want at least one more starter they can rely on beyond Severino and CC Sabathia for the playoffs. We've seen teams that were already strong make moves in recent years when it was clearly about improving for the postseason, not just to succeed in the regular season -- look for the Yankees to attempt to do that. Two other teams that could really use some pitching help? The Cubs and Brewers.
Schoenfield: I'd love to see the Brewers make a big move in a year that doesn't feature a dominant NL team, but they also could win the division with the current roster (and maybe making a little upgrade at second base). I think the Diamondbacks have to make a major deal to hold off the Dodgers and that could be Manny Machado.
President Donald Trump pumps their fist as they arrive at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg, West Virginia.
Evan Vucci, AP
A federal judge in Washington has tossed out a lawsuit claiming President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign conspired with Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish emails hacked from the Democratic National Committee.
However, Judge Ellen Huvelle wrote that their ruling was "not based on a finding that there was no collusion between defendants and Russia during the 2016 presidential election."
The ruling came hours after the Senate Intelligence Committee said it agreed with U.S. intelligence agencies that the Russian government tried to undercut Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while promoting Trump during the 2016 presidential election.
Huvelle, an appointee of former President Bill Clinton, said the conspiracy claims in the lawsuit centered around meetings between Trump staffers and Russian operatives in New York, making New York the proper place for the lawsuit. New York, however, does not recognize the specific tort claims pressed in the suit.
The suit was filed on behalf of DNC donors Eric Schoenberg and Roy Cockrum and former DNC staffer Scott Comer. It claims the hack invaded their privacy, attempted to inflict emotional distress and violated their right to support the candidate of their choice.
More: Senate panel says Russia intervened in 2016 election to help Trump
More: House panel subpoenas FBI agent who wrote anti-Trump texts
The lawsuit alleges that computer hackers working on behalf of the Russian government hacked into the email systems of the DNC and obtained "voluminous amounts of data," including emails and other documents sent to and from thousands of individuals.
They claim the hack was "part of a deliberate campaign to interfere in the U.S. election and tilt its outcome in favor of Donald Trump" and that the Trump campaign, specifically former operative Roger Stone, conspired with unidentified Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish hacked emails.
Almost 20,000 emails were published in July 2016, days before the start of the Democratic National Convention. Some suggested that the Democratic National Committee had been working behind the scenes to ensure Clinton was nominated over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz ultimately resigned under pressure amid the ensuing controversy.
Protect Democracy, which filed the suit, said it was examining its options regarding an appeal or refiling somewhere else.
"While we are disappointed in and respectfully disagree with today's decision from the District Court to dismiss this case on the grounds that it does not belong in Washington, D.C., this case is far from over," the group said in a statement.
U.S. intelligence agencies, in a 2017 report, wrote that Russian President Vladimir Putin "ordered an influence campaign backing Trump in the 2016 election. The report said Moscow had a "clear preference" for Trump and sought to undercut Clinton while also undermining the U.S. democratic process.
Trump has conducted an unrelenting social media attack on a separate, criminal investigation led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller into the allegations.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
PanARMENIAN.Net - It is necessary to take additional measures to investigate incidents on the contact line in Nagorno Karabakh (Artsakh), Russia's Permanent Representative to the OSCE Alexander Lukashevich told the Moscow-Vienna teleconference at Russia Today on Monday, December 11.
According to him, the Geneva meeting of the Armenian and Azerbaijani presidents is an important milestone in the mediation efforts of the OSCE Minsk Group co-chairs during active contacts with Yerevan and Baku.
"We expect that upcoming dialogue with the co-chairs will give an additional impetus to the peaceful settlement of the long-standing conflict," Lukashevich said, Sputnik Armenia reports.
According to him, the fact that the parties have agreed to intensify the negotiation process is of special importance.
This will help to further increase confidence between the parties and move towards a compromise on the essential aspects of the settlement, they said.
A prerequisite for the productive activity of the mediation mission of the Minsk Group co-chairs is the maintenance of peace and stability in the region, they added.
The last meeting between Armenian and Azerbaijani foreign ministers was held in Vienna on December 6 on the sidelines of the OSCE ministerial council.
LONDON/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The sale of Merck KGaA's consumer health unit has been thrown off track after Nestle has pulled out, leaving the race to buy the maker of Seven Seas vitamins without its main contender, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters.
Nestle has walked away from the process, led by JPMorgan, after months of negotiations as the Swiss company was put off by Merck's price expectations of about 4 billion euros ($4.99 billion), the sources said.
Nestle and Merck declined to comment. A spokesperson for Merck said that “the process of evaluating options for our consumer health business is well on track.”
Four sources familiar with the sale said that interest from other bidders, including British consumer goods giant Reckitt Benckiser, was also waning as a rival consumer health auction, led by U.S. drug giant Pfizer, was gaining momentum.
Reckitt is now concentrating on buying the Pfizer unit which makes Advil painkillers, Centrum multivitamins and Chapstick lip balm and is worth about $20 billion, the sources said.
Reckitt declined to comment.
Germany's Merck said last year it was looking to sell its consumer healthcare business, which has annual sales of about $1 billion, to help to fund more research into prescription drugs.
Nestle was initially seen as a natural buyer for the business, which also makes Bion nutritional supplements, after previous talks to set up a consumer joint venture with Merck fell through over the summer.
Consumer health is a fragmented sector ranging from over-the-counter medicines and vitamins to sports nutrition products and condoms. It has proved fertile ground for deals in recent years, as aging populations and health-conscious consumers drive demand.
Nestle's CEO Mark Schneider is a healthcare veteran and wants a deeper focus on nutrition, health and wellness.
Nestle made a non-binding bid for the Merck's business in November and was then shortlisted to carry out due diligence and submit a final offer this year.
But the Swiss food group could not reach an agreement on price as Merck was targeting a valuation as high as 20 times the unit's core earnings, according to one of the sources.
Another source said mounting pressure from Dan Loeb's activist fund Third Point, which last year made a $3.5 billion investment in Nestle, also played a role in deciding against buying the Merck's business.
Loeb has repeatedly asked Nestle to move faster to overhaul its strategy. They want the Swiss company to boost its exposure in high-growth areas such as coffee, pet care, bottled water and nutrition while selling “ill-fitting businesses” more quickly.
Schneider has so far taken positive steps including selling the U.S. confectionery business to Italy's Ferrero for $2.8 billion but they want to be disciplined on price, the sources said.
Famous for their sharply-worded letters to corporate chieftains, Loeb wrote on Jan. 22 that they were concerned about Nestle pushing more deeply into consumer healthcare with the purchase of Canadian vitamin maker Atrium Innovations and said they want a better explanation of that move.
($1 = 0.8013 euros)
Perry Coneybeer, who left college at age 19 to work full-time at corporate file digitizing startup Ripcord, is alleging improper behavior by Ripcord CEO Alex Fielding. Coneybeer also alleges they were fired in retaliation for reporting a fellow employee to human resources.
In a Medium post published today, Coneybeer alleges Fielding told graphic, sexual stories involving other employees. One story was about an employee who allegedly sent Fielding porn, which Fielding then allegedly watched during the workday.
“He proudly told us they opened and watched the videos all the way through during the audits,” they wrote. “He then graphically described and pantomimed a sexual act called ‘gloving.' They explained the act several times–it seemed that they interpreted the confusion on our faces to mean that we didn't quite understand the mechanics.”
Fielding also allegedly had a bazooka next to their desk. But it wasn't just Fenkell who behaved improperly, Coneybeer writes. It was throughout the company.
What ultimately brought Coneybeer to go to HR was when an employee at a company holiday party allegedly made a joke to their boyfriend about raping them Coneybeer said they reported this to their boss, who then escalated it to HR.
Ripcord fired the person who made the rape joke. But within one month, both Coneybeer and their boss were also let go. Coneybeer told TechCrunch they considered filing a lawsuit alleging wrongful termination and retaliation, but decided going this route may be more effective.
Coneybeer feels confident in telling their story because they did not sign the severance agreement upon being fired, they told TechCrunch. That agreement included a non-disclosure clause pertaining to speaking negatively of the company.
Ripcord, a company that uses robots to digitize paper records, has raised $85 million in total from Google Ventures, Kleiner Perkins, Legend Star, Lux Capital, Silicon Valley Bank, Telstra Ventures, Steve Wozniak and con Ventures.
TechCrunch has reached out to Ripcord and is waiting to hear back. Ripcord, in a statement to Business Insider, said its board is investigating Coneybeer's allegations and will take appropriate action, if needed. Ripcord also said it “cares deeply about fostering a positive workplace culture. Respect and integrity are absolutely integral to our ability to success.”
As for Coneybeer, they plan to return to school as a sophomore in September. She's also currently looking for internships in tech, with the hope that the industry can change.
“It disheartens me to think that this is the way the tech industry is right now,” they wrote. “I'm optimistic, though, that a change can be made. The first step is for people to come forward with their stories.”
RSA USA Despite shrill wailings by computer security experts over vulnerabilities in Android, Google claims very, very few of people have ever suffered at the hands of its bugs.
Speaking at the RSA security conference in San Francisco on Tuesday, Adrian Ludwig, director of Android security, said the Stagefright hole – which prompted the Chocolate Factory to start emitting low-level security patches on a monthly basis – did put 95 per cent of Android devices at risk of attack. However, there have been no “confirmed” cases of infections via the bug, Ludwig claimed.
It was a similar story for the MasterKey vulnerability that was spotted in 2013, they said. In that case, 99 per cent of Android devices were vulnerable, but exploits abusing the security blunder peaked at less than eight infections per million users. And there were no exploits for the hole before details of the flaw were made public.
They also cited the 2014 FakeID flaw, disclosed at Black Hat that year. This affected 82 per cent of Android users but exploits peaked at one infection per million users after the details were released, and none before that.
Ludwig said they were sure of their figures, thanks to malware-detection routines, dubbed Verify Apps, in Google Play services, which is installed on more than 1.4 billion Android handhelds. So, basically, Ludwig's claims and figures cover devices with Google Play services installed – Chinese and Amazon Android-based gadgets don't include this software and thus aren't part of the Googler's numbers.
It also fitted a pattern they had noticed, that there isn't really any complex malware out there in the wild infecting Android devices. Software nasties tend to be sleazy apps, installed by punters, that do unpleasant things in the background, rather than malicious code that silently infects devices via webpages, text messages, and so on.
“Most of the abuse we get isn't interesting from a security perspective,” they said. “We see spamming ads for fake antivirus stuff but it's really basic social engineering. Even if malware is installed it seldom involved privilege escalation, it primarily just downloads other apps.”
The same thing seems to be happening in Apple's iOS world, too, they said. One reason could be that mobile operating systems are fairly well locked down, and present a restrictive environment to applications, benefiting from lessons learned from the PC industry.
Basically, mobile OSes are too much of a PITA to develop exploits for. They have hardened kernels, app marketplaces patrolled or vetted by full-time staff, and mechanisms such as ASLR and strict sandboxing that hackers struggle to defeat.
With more than a billion Android users out there, Ludwig's happy that Android's various security slip-ups seem to be getting headed off at the pass. ®
Two dozen dead calves leads to an Iowa man facing a serious misdemeanor charge.
According to the Winneshiek County Sheriff's Office, Craig Underbakke, 51, of Burr Oak, Iowa, is charged with neglect of livestock, a serious misdemeanor and failure to dispose of dead animals, a simple misdemeanor.
The sheriff's office said on October 3, deputies received a report of neglected livestock. An investigation showed several dead calves located on a farm west of Burr Oak. Deputies then called in a search warrant so they could investigate further.
Once the warrant was issued, they found a total of 24 calves dead on the property. 20 living calves were seized immediately from the farm.
The 20 living calves were taken to a private feed lot and their care is being supervised by a local veterinarian.
The Sheriff's Office was assisted by a local veterinarian and the Winneshiek County Attorney's Office.
No mug shot was available of Craig Underbakke because they were not arrested.
Published:
The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Maikanti Baru, has appealed to the Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) to reconsider a 15-day ultimatum it issued the Federal Government.
A statement issued on Friday in Abuja by the NNPC Spokesman, Ndu Ughamadu, said Baru expressed concern over the possible effects the ultimatum would have on products supply and distribution chain in the country.
According to the GMD, the threat by NUPENG could compound the current hiccups in the supply chain over which concerted efforts are being made to bring it under control. They then appealed to the union to exercise patience to enable government address issues over which it had raised concern.
NUPENG had, in a release dated Jan. 31, given a 15-day ultimatum to the government over six labour issues between some of its members and their respective companies. Baru urged NUPENG to maintain the harmonious industrial relations that have brought stability in the industry.
Share This
Enhanced Spectre-protectors will soon come to the Chrome browser, as its desktop stable channel hit version 67.0.3396.62 and upgrades for Windows, Mac and Linux have started to flow.
The Spectre mitigation comes in the form of enhanced site isolation, first introduced in Chrome 63, in which pages from different sites run in sandboxes that block them receiving sensitive data from other sites.
It was designed as a second-layer defence if an attacker found a way around Chrome's Same Origin Policy, explained here.
The site isolation design document explains that the Spectre mitigation sandboxes site renderer processes.
Creaking Chromebooks getting Meltdown protection soon READ MORE
The design document says when fully-implemented, site isolation will also protect against theft of cookies and stored HTML5 data; cross-site HTML, XML and JSON theft using MIME type and content sniffing; saved password theft; X-Frame compromise; and cross-site DOM element access.
Site isolation remains a trial feature, so it's optional for users, and the Chrome announcement explains how to disable it if it's causing problems.
Chrome's developers also announced 34 other security bug-fixes in Chrome 67, including nine contributed by external researchers and rated high-severity.
There are two in Blink (CVE-2018-6123, a use-after free; and CVE-2018-6124, a type confusion). CVE-2018-6125 tightens up too-loose WebUSB permissions, CVE-2018-6126 is a heap buffer overflow in the Skia graphics engine, CVE-2018-6127 is another use-after-free, this time in indexDB.
CVE-2018-6128 is an iOS-specific universal cross-site scripting bug, there are two WebRTC bugs (CVE-2018-6129 and CVE-2018-6130, both out-of-bounds memory access), and CVE-2018-6131, a WebAssembly mutability protection error. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Las Cafeteras Celebrates Love In The Time Of Borders
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rafael Cardenas/Courtesy of the Artist Rafael Cardenas/Courtesy of the Artist
Just as President Trump called out Congressman Keith Ellison, Deputy Chair of the DNC, for wearing one of Las Cafeteras' t-shirts that declares, "'I do not believe in borders," the border-busting and genre-blending band share a homage to immigrant love and sacrifice with the "Tiempos De Amor" video, premiered by Alt.Latino.
"Tiempos De Amor" was originally written to document the strength of migrant families and in pointed response to what the band considers the President's open contempt for Mexican immigrants. With lyrics such as "I would cross any river, to be close to you," band member Daniel Jesús French calls the tune an immigrant's version of "Ain't No Mountain High Enough."
YouTube
The music and dance performance of the video was filmed at Guelaguetza, a Los Angeles Oaxacan restaurant in a historical immigrant neighborhood. This visual segues from the strains of a traditional Oaxacan Marching Band into the smooth and always joyful beats of Las Cafeteras' trademark jarana-imbued urban folk, connecting the past and the present of the immigrant experience. Featuring the urban Afro-Latinx Dance Crew CONTRA-TIEMPO, Las Cafeteras worked with dancer Isis Avalos, a formerly undocumented Dreamer, as well as lead choreographer Ana Maria Alvarez to create the "Tiempo de Amor" visuals. The dance narrative emphasizes the theme of connection and uses both abstract movement and salsa and partner dancing motifs to explore ideas central to immigrant life: tension, distance, restriction and freedom. Framed by backdrops depicting indigenous and migrant life in Mexico, the video expresses a vision where borders notwithstanding, as the song proclaims, a people "the color of earth, born of flowers" move in authenticity and connect in radical joy as they improvise a new existence.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Corbyn has said care workers are "grossly underpaid" and pledged £8 billion of extra funding for social care if elected.
The Labour leader made the comments during a visit to Milton Keynes University Hospital on Thursday morning, where they toured the A&E and cancer wards and spoke to patients.
"Care workers particularly are grossly underpaid, do a very important and responsible job and should be better recognised as part of our wider health service", they said.
They called the present social care budget "insufficient" and promised to increase funding by £8 billion over the course of a Parliament if elected.
Mr Corbyn also spoke about the pressures faced by A&E staff.
They said hospital workers they talked to in Lincoln last week had told of treating patients in ambulances in hospital car parks when all bays in A&E were full.
(Image: Daily Post Wales)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
They called this "an unbelievable waste of a very expensive resource - an ambulance that is parked when it should be out collecting the next patient".
"There are nurses in some places who have spent the whole of their shift in the hospital car park," added Mr Corbyn.
They said the key concerns for the NHS are social care and mental health, which are "inadequately provided for and funded across the country".
Turning to Brexit, Mr Corbyn said Labour would ensure British firms and universities continue to have "close relationships" with the EU.
The Labour leader said they would seek to "ensure they are part of our negotiations" during the Brexit process.
Mr Corbyn faces pressure from within their own ranks to commit Labour to staying in the single market and customs union.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Such a commitment, which would see only minor post-Brexit change and would maintain free movement of people, would risk alienating Leave-backing voters in some of the party's heartlands.
Instead the Labour leader told the Press Association: "What we plan is a tariff-free trade relationship with Europe, a form of customs union, and a trade relationship that guarantees our manufacturing industry and our service industries can continue to trade with Europe and they can continue to trade with us.
"Every major company has very close relationships with Europe. Every university has close relationships with Europe.
"We intend to maintain those relationships and ensure that they are part of our negotiations.
"And that is the case that we have put all the way through the debate in Parliament and we will continue to do so."
It was a big morning for 20th Century Fox, as the film studio picked up a leading 27 Golden Globes nominations on Monday. The haul was more than any other studio and more than double the number of nods racked up by any other media company. Globes voters recognized a number of different Fox releases from dramatically different genres and across the studio's various divisions — a group that includes indie label Fox Searchlight, Fox Animation, and the main production arm, Fox.
Fox Searchlight's “The Shape of Water,” a fairytale romance about a mute janitor who becomes enamored with a river creature, scored the most nominations, picking up seven nods. “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” another Searchlight offering that follows a mother out to avenge their murdered daughter, and “The Post,” a historical drama about the publication of the Pentagon Papers, were close behind with six nominations apiece.
“I personally believe that audiences want variety and they want to be surprised and not see stories coming,” Stacey Snider, Fox's chairperson and CEO, said in an interview with Variety after the nominations were announced. “It's incumbent on us as film executives to make sure that our studios not only thrive financially, but that they also provide opportunities to filmmakers with original visions, so that the art form continues to exist.”
Related Mary J. Blige Joins Illustrious Group of Golden Globes Double Music-Acting Nominees Golden Globes: 'All the Money in the World' Lands Three Nominations After Whirlwind Reshoots
Fox was also recognized for its lavish musical “The Greatest Showman,” the upcoming animated release “Ferdinand,” and the dramedy “Battle of the Sexes,” which documents a face-off between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs that mixes gender politics and tennis.
The celebration is bittersweet, however. The nominations were announced as Disney is putting the finishing touches on a megadeal to buy most of Fox's film and television assets. If that takes place, it will likely mean that Fox's film studio will exist in a pared-down form, releasing far fewer movies. Disney is primarily interested in big comic book or science fiction movies, and has shown little appetite for the kind of edgier, adult fare that Fox racked up Globes nominations producing. Disney only earned two Globes nominations on Monday, both of which were for the animated hit “Coco.” Snider declined to comment on the deal.
One of Fox's major contenders, “The Post,” wasn't even in production when the nominations were announced last year. Director Steven Spielberg read a spec script by newcomer Liz Hannah last winter and quickly fast-tracked the project. Shooting began last spring with Meryl Streep playing Washington Post publisher Katharine Graham and Tom Hanks taking on the role of legendary editor Ben Bradlee. The film follows their efforts to publish a secret military history of the Vietnam War against the objections of the Nixon administration. Its portrait of a White House hostile to a free press has clear parallels with President Trump's antipathy toward the media.
“In this case the zeitgeist catches up to you,” said Snider. “We didn't set out to make a movie that speaks to our present day.”
Instead, Snider said they and producer Amy Pascal were attracted to Graham's personal history. A Georgetown doyenne, they were thrust into the world of corporate America in their mid-40s after their husband committed suicide.
“We liked this idea of a woman in business who finds their purpose — and their voice — in the middle of their life,” said Snider.
Snider was equally complimentary about Fox's major contenders, “The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards,” hailing their uncompromising visions.
“All three films reflect Fox's commitment to auteur filmmaking,” said Snider.
It remains to be seen if that commitment will be shared by the studio's new corporate parent, Disney. If not, Monday's haul will carry a sad post-script.
Goodbye to all that.
LAHORE, Dec 11 (APP):Pakistan Cricket Board on Monday clarified
some reports in the media regarding the ongoing meetings on the new proposed ICC International Cricket Structures and the effect of these on the ICC Future Tours Programme with specific reference to Pakistan v India Series.
“Since the onset of these discussions, PCB has reiterated its
position on bilateral series vs India. Our position is that PCB's
agreement to the revised structures for international cricket is
subject to the condition that PCB has a valid agreement to play
bilateral matches with India and India vs Pakistan matches would
be included in the FTP. This continues to be our position”, said
a spokesperson of the PCB here.
They said the PCB has also informed the ICC that it has initiated
a dispute resolution process against the BCCI under the ICC Dispute Resolution Committee Terms of Reference. Further to that the PCB's
claim is based on an existing agreement with the BCCI which contemplates that India will tour Pakistan in December 2019, August 2020 and
Nov – Dec 2022 and Pakistan will tour India in Nov – Dec 2021.
“Under the prevailing circumstances, it is PCB's position that
if the Dispute Resolution Committee decides the dispute in PCB's
favour then any FTP will need to be adjusted to reflect the decision.
Any agreement of the PCB to any new FTP structure will therefore be
without prejudice to its existing claims against BCCI and will be
subject to the outcome of the ICC dispute resolution process”,
they added.
The right roles can often be an embarrassment of riches for an actor and, no, “roles” wasn't a misprint. In 2017 alone, there were eight actors who had multiple Emmy nominations for their work in front of the camera. And this season appears to be no different. There are more than 10 contenders who could land two or three Emmy noms this year — including some notable names in the lead actor field.
Last year's lead actor in a drama winner, Sterling K. Brown, is actually eligible for three roles in 2018: for lead actor in “This Is Us” and guest turns on the comedies “Saturday Night Live” and “Brooklyn Nine-Nine.” In fact, “SNL” is where many potential double nominees pop up: recent hosts also up for lead actor include Larry David (“Curb Your Enthusiasm”), James Franco (“The Deuce”), Bill Hader (“Barry”) and Donald Glover (“Atlanta.”)
Jason Bateman is already a two-time Emmy nominee for their work on the first run of “Arrested Development” on Fox. Now, after Golden Globe and SAG nominations for Netflix's “Ozark,” he's looking at their first recognition in an Emmy drama category and potentially another actor in a comedy series nom for “Arrested's” second go-around on Netflix.
Related Sterling K. Brown Compares Second Emmy Win to Childbirth 'The Sinner' Boss on the 'Slow Unpacking' of Their Adaptation
“I've always been attracted to characters that are very recognizable to the average person,” Bateman says. “I've never really been that drawn to playing super-arch characters and super-colorful characters. I really enjoy the role of being to the audience, kind of being the proxy for this trip into whatever the story is, whatever the world is. If it's a comedy, I'm usually the person standing next to the funny person. If it's a drama, I'm usually the person running away from the scary guy.”
On “Ozark” Batman plays Marty Byrde, a financial planner whose family ends up at the mercy of a Mexican drug cartel after a money-laundering scheme goes terribly wrong. Bateman was able to shape the tone of the series as the director of the first two episodes, but their portrayal of Marty needed to entice viewers to become invested in their predicament. During that first episode, there's a moment where Marty begs for their life as they try to persuade the bad guys they can be trusted. Essentially, it's the entire premise for the series in one sequence.
“That was challenging just from an acting standpoint. And from a directing standpoint, there was just a lot of coverage,” Bateman says. “It was kind of a complicated scene. We shot at night. It was about 110 degrees at night in Atlanta. I mean, there was a lot going on, and I knew if we got that scene right both in exposition and in tone, we might be able to set the hook pretty well for people.”
As for “Arrested,” for the 2013 season each episode had to focus on a different character due to the cast's busy schedules. Bateman seemed much happier that five years later they all got to work with each other again in a more traditional storyline.
“That was really, really fun because we all enjoy each other so much and each one of our character's humors is somewhat reliant on the sum total of all the other flavors, all the other styles of humor that each of those characters have,” Bateman says. “I have deep, deep affection for every single one of them both in front of and behind the camera. To be able to work with them every single day on a project that was so incredibly important to my career as a bit of reset button. It's just every part of it was a joy. I loved it.”
Jeff Daniels took home an Emmy and earned two subsequent nominations for their role as Will McAvoy on Aaron Sorkin's “The Newsroom.” During the past year, the 63-year-old actor has earned critical acclaim for their work on two limited series, Hulu's “The Looming Tower” and Netflix's “Godless.” The roles could not have been more opposite from one another.
In “Godless,” they played the supporting role of Frank Griffin, a feared outlaw with a twisted moral compass, and simply stole the show. He'd never done a film or TV series in this genre and was surprised by how difficult all the horse riding was for everyone involved. Daniels admits they were thrown off their hose twice and jumped off on another occasion. They joke, “When the ambulance's coming you know a Western's started.”
For the “Looming Tower,” Daniels will compete in the drama lead category. They say they were fascinated by Dan Futterman's work on turning Lawrence Wright's explosive novel into a miniseries and the detail-oriented vision of Alex Gibney, who made their narrative directing debut with the pilot. Daniels played John O'Neill, the former head of the FBI's Counterterrorism office in New York during the World Trade Center attacks on Sept. 11. They were also a flawed man with a rocky personal life and lack of financial restraint.
Daniels bluntly notes that O'Neill “burned a lot of bridges” and that made them a “fascinating” character to play.
An Oscar, Golden Globe and SAG Award nominee, Michael Shannon might earn not only their first Emmy nomination this year, but also their second. The “Boardwalk Empire” star appears in both the Paramount Network's miniseries “Waco,” based on the FBI and Branch Davidian cult stand-off in 1993, and in a supporting role in HBO's TV movie “Fahrenheit 451,” an updated adaptation of Ray Bradbury's classic novel.
In Ramin Bahrani's version of “Fahrenheit,” the world has banned books and anything that isn't digital. People are controlled medically and through visual and social media. Shannon plays Capt. Beatty, a distinguished firefighter in charge of a brigade that seeks out and destroys banned media.
Shannon believes that their character has quite different set of standards for themselves than others.
“The question is, ‘Can people be trusted to be able to comprehend knowledge? And I think they believe that most people on earth, they don't have what it takes,” Shannon says. “They are warped by whatever knowledge they feel or think or believe they have. But, like most people, he's a self-saboteur, you know? And they like to suffer, which is another irony, particularly in the modern age. People seem to enjoy suffering. “
For “Waco,” Shannon says once they read Gary Noesner's book on their experiences as the chief negotiator during the crisis their reaction was simple.
“I was like, ‘Oh, they want me to play this guy? Hell yeah, I'll do it.' That guy's a legend. Look at all the places they were and all the sticky situations they dealt with. And also, it's just such a noble thing, the idea of negotiating, being a negotiator, trying to solve the problems peacefully, trying to have empathy and understanding for other people. I just thought it was a very noble thing.”
Shannon makes it clear they don't think Noesner was a saint “by any stretch of the imagination,” but they respect that they had to make difficult choices.
“You don't think about is what a tedious job it can be. There's a lot of waiting around. There's a lot of frustration,” Shannon says. “It's not all action all the time.
“I think you get a sense of that in the show a little bit, but you're not gonna make a TV show about somebody waiting around for five hours for the phone to ring.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young mum who killed their lover and seriously hurt three teenagers in a horrific high-speed crash has been jailed.
Natasha Scott, 21, wept as they were sentenced to three years in prison for causing death by dangerous driving .
A court heard the mum had only passed their driving test 11 months before the smash, which happened after they lost control of their Vauxhall Corsa on a rural lane near Ayr, west Scotland.
Scott ploughed their car into a fence, brick wall and telegraph pole before coming to a halt.
Them boyfriend Kai Milligan, 21, died at the scene after a fence post smashed through a rear window and struck them in the face on July 24, 2016.
(Image: Spindrift Photo Agency)
Three teens were hurt in the collision.
One - a 15-year-old lad - needed major surgery to reconstruct their face.
Scott was caged on Tuesday after they admitted causing death by dangerous driving and injuring the other passengers. They were also banned from the roads for five years.
Sentencing at the High Court in Glasgow, Judge Lady Stacey said: "You know your dangerous driving caused the death of Kai Milligan and you have to live with that knowledge.
(Image: Handout)
"You also caused serious injury to another young man. The accident happened because you failed to negotiate a hill crest and a left hand bend.
"Your exact speed cannot be ascertained but you increased your speed on the straight and failed to decrease it despite there being a bend and signs on the road to slow down. You knew that road having driven it many times."
The court heard how Scott had "increased their speed " seconds before the crash. The Vauxhall became "airborne" after the reckless motorist lost control at a bend.
Scott, from Ayr, later gave a "no comment interview" to police.
(Image: Google Maps)
Barry Smith, defending, said: "She will live with the consequences of their driving that day. They blame themselves for caused the death of their then boyfriend Kai and their 15-year-old friend.
"She says they think about it all the time. What they can't bear is the prospect of being separated from their baby.
"I would ask that they be given an alternative to jail given the effect it would have on their infant son and their parents and the fact they are assessed as a low risk of re-offending."
Scott's seven-month-old baby will now be cared for by their parents, the court heard.
Koreas begin basketball friendlies in the latest peace gesture
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 41 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:17 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The rival Koreas on Wednesday began two days of friendly basketball games in Pyongyang in their latest goodwill gesture amid a diplomatic push to resolve the nuclear standoff with North Korea.
Players from North and South Korea were mixed into two teams that competed against each other at the North Korean capital's Ryugyong Jong Ju Yong Gymnasium.
A capacity crowd of 12,000 at the arena applauded as the two women's teams — dressed in white jerseys that read "Peace" and green jerseys that read "Prosperity" — marched onto the court holding hands. Team Prosperity defeated Team Peace 103-102, with North Korea's Ro Suk Yong scoring 18 points, according to pool reports. The game between the men's mixed teams that followed ended in a 102-102 tie.
The South Koreans will play against the North Korean men's and women's teams on Thursday before returning home on Friday.
The games precede a visit to North Korea by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for meetings over the future of the North's nuclear program.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, a noted basketball fan, didn't appear at the gymnasium on Wednesday. It wasn't clear whether they would attend on Thursday.
"Once they started playing, the players showed quick chemistry and I was proud of them," said Lee Moon-kyu, the head coach of South Korea's women's team, who will also lead a combined Koreas team at the Asian Games next month in Indonesia. Lee, who plans to bring two or three North Korean players to the Asian Games, said they were impressed with "No. 9 and No. 7 on Team Peace," referring to North Korea's Ri Jong Ok and Jang Mi Kyong.
North Korea's sports minister, Kim Il Guk, said in a speech that the games reflect the "revered determination of the leaders of the North and South to bring forward the future of a self-reliant unification."
The South Korean delegation, including 50 players and government officials, arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday on two military aircraft.
"It feels like the first time I came here all over again," said Hur Jae, head coach of South Korea's men's national team, who previously visited Pyongyang for a joint game in 2003. Hur, a former guard whose two sons are among the players who traveled to the North, talked about their friendship with retired North Korean player Ri Myong Hun, a 7-foot-9 (2.35-meter) center who anchored the country's national team during the 1990s and early 2000s.
"There was a buzz when I shared a glass of soju and talked with Ri Myong Hun in 2003," Hur said. Ri did not attend a dinner reception for South Korean players on Tuesday, and it wasn't immediately clear whether they were at the games on Wednesday.
The exchanges are the latest result of a diplomatic outreach to the South that Kim announced during their annual New Year's speech. That led to the North's participation in the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in February and two summits between Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. Kim has also met with China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump.
The inter-Korean summits have facilitated a slew of goodwill gestures between the Koreas, which have also agreed to field combined teams at the Asian Games.
Basketball diplomacy has something of a history in North Korea.
Former NBA player Dennis Rodman arranged a game in Pyongyang in 2014 for Kim's birthday.
South Korea's Hyundai business group built a basketball stadium in Pyongyang during a previous era of rapprochement between North and South Korea, and a joint game was played there in 2003. Two rounds of inter-Korean basketball games were also played in 1999.
___
Follow Kim Tong-hyung on Twitter at @KimTongHyung.
Spiro aims to sell CRM software to businesses that have been avoiding traditional CRM products.
CEO Adam Honig told me that they and their co-founders Andy Levi (CTO) and Justin Kao (vice president of growth) originally set out to build artificial intelligence products that could assist with CRM (i.e., the software that salespeople use to track their customers and deals). But then they started hearing from companies that weren't using any CRM at all.
So the team ended up broadening its approach, building a full platform for what Honig described as “proactive CRM.” In other words, it accomplishes the job of CRM, but with enough automation that most of the tedious data entry goes away.
A lot of that comes from Spiro's integration with your email inbox — it can automatically create and update customer profiles based on who you're emailing. It can also make recommendations, for example about when you should be following up with a lead.
In fact, you can do most of your interaction with Spiro from email. Kao showed me how you can send an email to Spiro asking it to “Remind me to call Anthony on Friday,” and then, when the time comes, you'll get that reminder over email. They also showed me how a supervisor could ask “What did Andrew do this week?” and get a report on emails sent, meetings scheduled and opportunities created.
“Our goal is to make CRM go away,” Kao said. “We really want to take this recommendation engine to the next level.”
Spiro says it already works with more than 500 customers. According to Honig, many of them come from traditional industries like manufacturing.
The startup is announcing that it has raised $3 million in seed funding led by Geekdom Fund, with participation by MassVentures, Hyperplane Venture Capital and New Harbour Partners.
“We often get asked, ‘Why does the world need a new CRM platform?'” Honig said. “We believe — and the Geekdom guys agree with us — that there are just people and companies that CRM has not reached.”
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp is not auditing how its partner KPMG cracks down on illegal use of Microsoft software in India, the companies said in a joint statement on Tuesday.
FILE PHOTO: The Microsoft logo is pictured at a service centre in New Delhi, India, April 5, 2018. REUTERS/Saumya Khandelwal/File Photo
The denial comes after a prior claim made by an executive of the U.S. technology giant following a client complaint in March.
Microsoft runs a global “software asset management” (SAM) programme under which it partners with global consultants such as KPMG in India. Under that programme, KPMG seeks permission from business owners to check for the use of unlicensed software.
Reuters reported earlier this month that Microsoft had begun probing KPMG's work in India after a member of India's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party, Vinit Goenka, complained to both companies that a KPMG employee had “barged in” to their Mumbai recruitment firm without an appointment to check its software last month.
Following the incident, a senior Microsoft India executive, Rajiv Sodhi, wrote to Goenka and apologised, saying Microsoft was “getting an assessment agency to carry out an audit of the process delivery at KPMG to identify and correct gaps, if any,” according to an e-mail reviewed by Reuters.
Microsoft and KPMG, who had earlier declined to comment on the probe, on Tuesday denied there was such an audit, and said allegations made against the programme's implementation were “incorrect”.
“Microsoft and KPMG strongly refute any suggestion that Microsoft is auditing KPMG, or either company has engaged in any wrong doing,” the companies said in the statement sent to Reuters.
A spokesperson for Microsoft in India clarified on Tuesday that the company was only examining conduct around the recent incident and was not carrying out a broad probe into KPMG's other anti-piracy work for Microsoft.
POLICE COMPLAINT
Microsoft declined to comment on why Sodhi previously told Goenka there was an audit being carried out. It also declined to comment on whether it hired an assessment agency to do such an audit, citing employee and customer confidentiality concerns.
“When a customer complains to us about a process issue they may have experienced, Microsoft and KPMG take the concern seriously and address appropriately through process review and gap assessment, if any,” the companies said in the joint statement.
Sodhi did not respond to a request for comment.
Told about the statement from Microsoft and KPMG, Goenka said the companies should be addressing the issues they raised.
“Why would they (Sodhi) apologise if they had not done any mistake?” said Goenka, who advises government committees on IT initiatives and filed a police complaint after the incident.
India is one of Microsoft's biggest markets in Asia, but over half of all software installed on computers in the country is unlicensed, advocacy group Business Software Alliance said in 2016.
Goenka said their firm, Ratein Infotech, used genuine software. Last month, they received a letter from Microsoft saying their company needed help in “interpreting licensing policies of Microsoft”, according to emails seen by Reuters.
The issue escalated when a KPMG employee, identified only as Srijesh, entered Ratein's office on March 15. Microsoft and KPMG apologised to Goenka and Srijesh wrote an e-mail resigning, the emails showed.
“The resignation of the KPMG employee was involuntary and hence KPMG has not accepted the resignation,” the companies said in their statement, without elaborating.
Srijesh could not be reached for comment.
Complete Story
03/08/2018
WRAL-TV GM To Retire Later This Year
INSIDE WRAL Posted 6:00 p.m.
March 7, 2018
— In a staff meeting Wednesday, Steven D. Hammel, current vice-president and general manager for WRAL-TV and FOX 50, announced their retirement, set for later this year.
“It has been a terrific honor to work with the team at WRAL and FOX 50,” Hammel said, "and I feel so very grateful to be part of what the Goodmon family has created in Capitol Broadcasting. It's a special place full of incredibly passionate and dedicated people. After almost ten years here and more than 40 years in broadcasting, which includes the love of deadlines and various pressures, I look forward to enjoying other aspects of life. Until the day I leave, it will continue to be a privilege serving our community and our viewers. After that, I will proudly take the role of being their number one viewer."
To read the article in its entirety please click below:
http://www.wral.com/wral-tv-gm-to-retire-later-this-year/17400307/
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The pioneering chat app that taught us to text is pulling the plug. On December 15th, AOL Instant Messenger will shut down after running since 1997. AIM dominated online chat in North America at the turn of the century. But with SMS and social apps like Facebook and WhatsApp having conquered chat, AOL is giving up the fight with no planned replacement.
“We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997” AOL wrote on the AIM help page. “Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products.”
TechCrunch reader Daniel Sinclair tipped the shut down to us, which follows the cut off of third-party apps back in March. Now AIM's official macOS, Windows, iOS, and Android apps are being pulled off life support.
“From setting the perfect away message to that familiar ring of an incoming chat, AIM will always have a special place in our hearts” AOL wrote to users in an email. People can download images they sent until December 15th, but the app's download links will start disappearing now. Unfortunately there's no way to save or port your buddy list.
Initially the chat experience built into AOL desktop, AIM launched as a standalone app in 1997. Its iconic Away Messages were the ancestor to the modern tweet and status update. It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat, and Facebook took over while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for over $19 billion.
Back in March, a former AOL employee told Ars Technica that they estimated AIM usage had sunk to single-digit millions of users, and the cost of AOL keeping the OSCAR messaging protocol running became too high to justify.
Regardless of [Disclosure] TechCrunch being owned by AOL, this moment is bittersweet for me. AIM taught me to write as 12-year old trying to navigate the world of grade-school friendship and romance. I was a shy kid who'd fumble for words in person, but found my voice through the keyboard where I could compose and edit my thoughts before revealing them. After three straight all-night AIM chats, I asked out my first girlfriend, on pins and needles staring at my cathode ray tube until they agreed.
AIM was a domain parents didn't understand, giving it a feeling of clandestine cool — akin to getting one's first car but for the Internet generation. In fact, it was what first convinced me that social technology would change the way we interact with each other so vividly that it was worth studying and eventually writing about for a living.
So, farewell to AIM and my embarrassing screen name KDog313. Being a teenager will always sound like one of your incoming messages.
Staff Reporter
Pakistan Academy of Letters (PAL) will organize a four-day International Conference on “Language, Literature and Society” (ICLLS) in collaboration with various universities from January 5. The purpose of the conference is to explore contribution of literature and academia in bringing about positive changes in the society, Chairman PAL Prof. Dr. Muhammad Qasim Bughio told the media. They said that writers, linguists, research scholars and academics from across the globe will participate in the moot to exchange their research work and developments in the field.
The conference aims to deepen understanding of contemporary literature being produced in context of peace building and social development of different countries around the globe. They said that the conference will bring together more than 200 academics, researchers and scholars in the domain of interest.
They said that all accepted papers will be peer reviewed by members of the programme committee and will be published in the proceedings book of Conference. “A certificate of presentation will be awarded to all registered participants presenters as well as observers /companions,” they said.
They said that the main goal of the conference was to seek and explore new and innovative trends and challenges of research in Language and Literature across the world and its impact on society. Prof. Dr. Qasism Bughio said that PAL aims to develop academic relationship among the world researchers by providing the premier interdisciplinary forum for national and international researches of different backgrounds and languages.
They said that the Conference will promote studies in the field of languages, linguistics and society and will serve as an international forum for researchers, scholars, educators, practitioners, postgraduate students and experts in relevant fields to exchange ideas, research results and good practices. Chairman PAL said that the literature being a part of cultural heritage of any country plays a vital role in projecting country's soft image at home and abroad.
“Literature has deep rooted relation with the society as it is said that literature is the mirror of society,” they said. They said that Academy not only preserves this heritage but also promotes and develops it by organizing conferences, seminars and workshops at various forums at home and abroad.
PanARMENIAN.Net - SPI International/Filmbox has made its debut in Armenia, launching seven channels on the service provided by the IPTV operator Hybrid Solutions, Boradband TV News reports.
Five of the seven channels – FilmBox, FilmBox Arthouse, DocuBox HD, FightBox and Fun&Fastbox HD – have been made available in Russian and English language versions. The remaining two channels are FashionBox and 360TuneBox.
Commenting on the development, Murat Muratoglu, SPI's head of distribution for MENA, Turkey, APAC, Russia and CIS, Baltics, Bulgaria and Ex-Yugo, said: “With the recent launch in Armenia, SPI/Filmbox continues to expand its distribution footprint in new markets across CEE.
“We are happy to partner with Hybrid Solutions as our first partner in Armenia and to brings SPI channels to their viewers”.
SPI International/Filmbox is a global media company operating more than 30 television channels on five continents.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) _ Candidate filing is now open for this year's elections in South Carolina. Filing opened at noon on Friday. Candidates have until noon on March 30 to file their paperwork and pay required fees. The governor and…
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Corp reported quarterly revenue on Friday that beat analyst estimates, as the No. 4 U.S. wireless carrier raised its free cash flow outlook for the 2017 fiscal year.
Shares rose 3.7 percent to $5.29 in early trading, a day after sliding 5.7 percent to their lowest in a year and a half.
The company has sought to strengthen its balance sheet by cutting costs and mortgaging a portion of its airwaves and equipment, but industry analysts have raised concerns about how it can adequately fund network improvements after merger talks with rival T-Mobile US Inc ended last year.
Sprint now expects $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion in operating income, up from its previous estimate of $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion. It expects adjusted free cash flow of $500 million to $700 million, compared to previous estimates of breaking even.
“We think recent weakness in shares is reflective of lowered investor expectations, while in-line to slightly better financial results could provide some near-term relief,” said Matthew Niknam, analyst at Deutsche Bank, in a research note.
On the post-earnings conference call, Sprint Chief Executive Officer Marcelo Claure said Sprint would launch a mobile 5G network in the United States by the first half of 2019.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of U.S. mobile network operator Sprint Corp is seen at a Sprint store in San Marcos, California August 3, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
The company is also looking for ways to reduce the number of executives at the top, they said. Sprint cut costs by about $260 million in the quarter, excluding $100 million of hurricane-related charges.
Claure said “becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of (SoftBank Group Corp) could be a possibility” but that the decision would be up to SoftBank Chief Executive Masayoshi Son. Japan's SoftBank owns a majority of Sprint and has been increasing its stake.
For the quarter, Sprint reported net additions of 184,000 phone subscribers who pay a monthly bill, compared to additions of 368,000 a year earlier.
Net operating revenue in the third quarter ended Dec. 31 was $8.24 billion, down from $8.55 billion a year earlier.
Sprint reported quarterly net income of $7.16 billion, or $1.79 per share, due to the impact of federal tax reforms, after a loss of $479 million, or 12 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding the impact of tax cuts signed into law by U.S. President Donald Trump late last year, net income was 3 cents a share.
According to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, analysts had expected revenue of $8.15 billion and a net loss of 4 cents a share.
CONCORD, N.C. (Oct. 6, 2017) - Jennifer Anderson sped to a hotly contested victory in Friday's seventh annual Better Half Dash Bandolero race during Bojangles' Pole Night at Charlotte Motor Speedway. The 25-lap Bandolero battle among the better halves of NASCAR personalities saw Anderson prevail thanks to an impressive late-race restart over Tammy Rice and Kate Tomaino. Anderson got by Rice and race leader Paige Keselowski on Lap 17 of the popular event, which raises money for Motor Racing Outreach and driver-chosen charities.
"It was hard (to win) but it was a lot of fun," said Anderson, the girlfriend of NASCAR Camping World Truck Series driver Austin Wayne Self. "It was awesome to have the Hermie and Elliott Sadler Foundation on our car. This is for them. The race was tough. It didn't come easy. It has been really fun getting to know all these ladies throughout the past month and a half. It means a lot to win at the same place my brother (NASCAR Camping World Truck Series driver) Jordan (Anderson) has won."
Rice got some tips from their husband, Kaulig Racing crew chief Chris Rice, while Tomaino - the wife of NASCAR mechanic Trey Tomaino - rallied from the tail of the field to score a podium result. Rounding out the top five were Chelsea Fetzer (wife of Chip Ganassi racing tire carrier Ben Fetzer) and Marisa Erspamer (wife of Hendrick Motorsports tire carrier Jared Erspamer).
Pole winner Paige Keselowski, the wife of Team Penske driver Brad Keselowski, finished sixth after leading the most laps but suffering a flat tire two-thirds of the way into the race.
The Better Half Dash events have now raised more than $300,000 for charities.
--- Charlotte Motor Speedway ---
Singer Trey Songz is facing a felony domestic violence charge and surrendered to LAPD on Monday, March 19. Songz is accused of physically striking Andrea Buera at a Hollywood Hills party during NBA All-Star Weekend in February. Buera filed a police report and went to the hospital after the alleged incident.
Represented by attorney Shawn Holley, Songz posted a $50,000 bond.
“For weeks my lawyers & Mgmt have asked me not to comment on this and I initially agreed but this morning I feel that my fam, the women that raised me, my friends & fans especially the youth need to hear from me. I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain,” they wrote on Twitter.
They added, “I won't be speaking too much more on this but would like to thank you for all the prayers and support.”
Buera is represented by Lisa Bloom and earlier this month asked a judge for a restraining order against the 33-year-old Songz (real name: Tremaine Aldon Neverson).
According to TMZ, Songz was booked at 6 a.m Pacific time, the same time they tweeted to their 13.8 million followers that they are, “being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain.”
America's Next Top Rest Stop: An App Compiles The Best Gas Station Bathrooms Millions of Americans are hitting the roads for the holiday. With road trips come pit stops, and fuel price tracker Gas Buddy has compiled a list of the best bathrooms using user reviews.
Update: SC Teen Mom Facing Charges after 11 month old found dead in Diaper Box
CHESTERFIELD, SC (WOLO)- (WCCB)–Investigators are awaiting autopsy results following the death of Harlee Lewis whose body was found in a diaper box about a thousand yards from their home Tuesday.
The mother, who told investigators that their baby was kidnapped after they were assaulted at their mailbox, has admitted to lying about the attack, say deputies.
Lewis' mother, 19 year old Brianna Lewis is in custody.
The Chesterfield County Sheriff says Lewis is being held on a charge of falsifying a report.
Investigators say they are waiting on autopsy results to confirm the cause of death, and will determine if additional charges will be filed at that time.
Amy Cowman has more.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
One lane of the A85 has reopened following an accident at Pennyfuir Cemetery this afternoon.
The road was initially closed in both directions following the incident involving two vehicles.
Oban police confirmed that one lane is now open and urged motorists to take care on approach.
Facebook is bringing more content to its Watch episodic-video platform, with the release of relationship-therapy spoof series “Please Understand Me” from Sarah Silverman and Group Nine Media's JASH comedy studio.
The five-episode comedy is executive produced and narrated by Silverman and created by Steven Feinartz (“The Bitter Buddha,” “SXSW Comedy with Natasha Leggero,” “Trump vs Bernie”) and Ahamed Weinberg (“Comedy Bang Bang,” “I Love You, America,” “Ahamed's Ramadan Diary”).
Facebook is funding the series as part of its effort to deliver TV-style programming — and advertising — to the social service's massive user base. Group Nine declined to disclose terms of the pact for “Please Understand Me.”
The first two episodes of “Please Understand Me” debuted May 30 on the show's page at facebook.com/PleaseUnderstandMe, with the remaining three segments to be released on following Wednesdays. The show also will be promoted by Group Nine's Thrillist and Silverman.
In each episode, two mismatched comedians pretend to hash out the problems of their fake relationship — in front of a real therapist, who is in on the joke. The show is directed by Feinartz and Weinberg and produced by JASH, Silverman, and Amy Zvi.
Related Model Iskra Lawrence to Host 'Mirror Challenge' Docu-Series on Facebook Watch Strictly Business Podcast: Group Nine's Ben Lerer on How Digital Publishers Deal with Facebook
“Ahamed and Steve have created something I've never seen before, and I love getting to be a part of it,” Silverman said in a statement.
Discovery-backed Group Nine Media, a rollup of Thrillist, the Dodo, and Discovery's Seeker, acquired JASH last fall.
The comedians featured in “Please Understand Me,” by episode, are:
A personal bias can influence everything from the brands we buy to the way we treat other people, and in today's world, these pre-existing beliefs can lead to intense racial, political and religious conflicts.
What if there were a way to reduce this bias? Research from the College of Business at Virginia Tech University suggests that it's possible to activate a mindset that leads people to become open to questioning their assumptions. The study is available online in the Journal of Consumer Psychology.
One of the reasons biases are so rampant is rooted in the human need for "cognitive consistency," which means processing information in a way that confirms preset beliefs, explains Ann-Sophie Chaxel, a professor at Virginia Tech and author of the study.
"Usually we think we are objective when we make decisions, but we are very subjective," Chaxel says. "People unconsciously distort information to confirm their pre-existing beliefs."
Chaxel explored whether they could lead people to reconsider their own beliefs by disrupting the cognitive consistency thinking process. They started by asking one group of participants to write short essays explaining why they agreed or disagreed with three statements that most people would disagree with, such as "Learning about the past has no value for those of us living in the present." This activated what is called a "counter-arguing mindset," which can help to reduce bias. Participants in the control group wrote essays about neutral topics, such as "What is your idea of a perfect vacation."
Then they asked participants to choose between two laptops based on the descriptions of three product attributes--design, keyboard and features. The description of the first attribute clearly favored one of the laptops to give participants a "preliminary preference" for this one. After reading about the other two attributes of both laptops, Chaxel recorded the extent to which this preliminary preference impacted participants' evaluation of the following two product attributes.
The results showed people who had written about why they disagreed with statements were much less likely to be influenced by their preliminary preferences in the choice process. "By prompting people to disagree with three unrelated statements, they became much more skeptical about their early preference," Chaxel says.
In another experiment, people read product descriptions about new sports drinks that would be theoretically launched by Coke and Pepsi. This time, the descriptions were equally favorable, so participants selected a drink based on their pre-existing preference for one of the brands. As before, participants wrote essays explaining why they disagreed with three statements or about three neutral topics. Then they made their choice between two Coke and Pepsi products. Again, people who had written essays refuting statements were less likely to be influenced by their pre-existing preference for one brand.
These findings suggest that exposing ourselves to beliefs that are different than our own is one way counteract the tendency to become biased. "We tend to prefer being around people who share our opinions, but disagreeing is very healthy," Chaxel says. "Sharing our beliefs with people who have opposing views is a natural way to create a counter-arguing mindset."
###
The study is available online at: http://onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ 10. 1002/ jcpy. 1003/ abstract
This study will appear in the January, 2018 issue of the Journal of Consumer Psychology
For more information, contact:
Anne-Sophie Chaxel
Assistant Professor in the College of Business at Virginia Tech
540-231-1355
Email: chaxel@vt.edu
Have your say
An appeal has been made to trace the relatives of an 87-year-old man who has died.
The coroner's office has appealed for the family of Huddersfield man John Alfred Conway to come forward.
Mr Conway died of natural causes at Longwood Grange Care Home in the town on Sunday (May 27).
Their relatives have been asked to call Jayne Dawson on 01274 373754.
TAMPA, Fla. - A 4-year-old autistic child drowned in a pond at a Tampa apartment complex, police said.
David Sikes was able to open the door of their family's apartment at Clipper Bay Apartments on South Lois Avenue while their mother was taking a nap, police said. When they woke up, they called 911.
After a search, David was found in one of the ponds around the complex. Resuscitation efforts were unsuccessful, police said.
Stay with WTSP.com for updates.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
INFOWARS – PAUL JOSEPH WATSON
A former Trump campaign official is making extraordinary claims they were leaked information from within the White House that Las Vegas massacre gunman Stephen Paddock made an ISIS propaganda tape and that authorities are refusing to reveal that the mass shooting was a terror attack.
There is a video, this video will prove the motive. They had a secret digital profile that was uncovered over the last 24 hrs. https://t.co/SSJxnvasld — James B Scooping 🍦 (@jbro_1776) October 5, 2017
Former Massachusetts Trump campaign official James Brower posted a series of tweets last night claiming they were leaked information about Paddock being inspired by ISIS to carry out the mass shooting.
“There is a video, this video will prove the motive. They had a secret digital profile that was uncovered over the last 24 hrs,” claims Brower.
A worker rides past an oil factory at Keihin industrial area in Kawasaki, south of Tokyo October 23, 2009.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices steadied in early Asian trade on Tuesday after sharp falls the session before to the lowest in about three weeks as a stronger U.S. dollar and a drop in Chinese refining runs hit the market.
Global benchmark Brent crude futures were up 13 cents, or 0.3 percent, at $50.86 at 0325 GMT. That was just above their 100-day moving average, briefly breached in the previous session.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were up 7 cents, or 0.2 percent, at $47.66 a barrel.
Oil prices tumbled more than 2.5 percent on Monday in volatile trade as the dollar strength and the demand concerns in China, the world's second-largest oil user, weighed on sentiment. A stronger dollar tends to limit the demand for oil for buyers paying in other currencies. Both Brent and WTI had reached two-month highs on Aug. 10.
"Stale speculative long positioning and a reluctance to hold unprofitable positions has been the main force behind the oil rally running out of steam over the last few sessions," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at brokerage OANDA.
Chinese oil refineries operated in July at their lowest daily rates since September 2016, official data showed on Monday, to ease brimming inventories as state-owned oil giants faced off independents in a retail petrol price war.
Analysts said the drop was steeper than expected, exacerbating concerns that a glut of refined fuel products could weaken Chinese demand for oil.
The dollar firmed on Tuesday after North Korea's leader signalled that they would delay plans to fire a missile near Guam, further easing tensions and prompting investors to move back into riskier assets.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, climbed 0.4 percent on Monday and was up 0.1 percent on Tuesday.
Oil prices had earlier on Monday been supported by reports that Libya's top oilfield had cut its output by 30 percent on security concerns.
Efforts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other oil producers to limit output have helped lift Brent past $50 a barrel, but concerns remain that these efforts could be undermined by producers in the U.S. and other countries.
U.S. shale oil production is expected to grow for its ninth consecutive month in September to 6.15 million barrels per day, the U.S. Energy Information Administration said on Monday.
"Brent oil may fall more to $50.09 per barrel," said Reuters technical commodities analyst Wang Tao, citing charts showing Brent's wave pattern and a Fibonacci ratio analysis.
Charging without all the wires is awesome!
Plugging your phone in every time you want to charge it seems so last year. Wireless charging is the future, but in order to take advantage of it, you need a compatible phone and a wireless charging pad. There are so many different options out there, but not all of them charge your phone the same.
Anker is well-known for its awesome charging accessories, and its wireless charging pad is no exception. Right now you can pick up the Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad for $18.59 at Amazon, which is a savings of around $6 from its regular price. This option can charge your phone about 10% faster than similar ones, but not quite as quick as its more expensive fast wireless charging pad.
This will work with new phones like the iPhone 8 and iPhone X, as well as Android phones such as the Samsung Galaxy Note 8, LG G6 and more.Other features include:
Charge Fast, Live More: Charge 10% faster than other 5W wireless chargers.
Case-Friendly: Charge straight through even extra-tough cases. (Metal attachments or credit cards will interfere with charging.)
Certified Safe: Eliminate safety concerns with overvoltage protection, temperature control, foreign object detection, and more.
The charger doesn't come with an AC adapter, so you'll want to make sure you pick one up, and the Micro-USB cable is on the shorter side, so we'd recommend grabbing a longer one so that you can place the charger in a better spot for yourself.
See at Amazon
A A A
Asian shares fall after Fed rate hike, tracking Wall St lead
By ELAINE KURTENBACH
, AP Business Writer
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Specialist Meric Greenbaum works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) . . 1 of 2 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — Shares fell in Asia on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates, as expected. Lower oil prices took a toll on energy-related shares across the region, while Japan's benchmark slipped as the yen gained against the dollar. Property developers led the decline in Hong Kong.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index fell 0.4 percent to 19,797.46 and South Korea's Kospi sank 0.6 percent to 2,358.34. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong dropped 0.9 percent to 25,643.15. Shanghai's Composite index edged 0.1 percent lower to 3,128.29 and the S&P ASX 200 in Australia tumbled 1.1 percent to 5,770.90. Shares in Southeast Asia also were mostly lower.
RATE HIKE: The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time since December, something investors had widely expected based on the Fed's recent statements. Fed leaders suggested they still expect to raise rates again later in the year.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "Asian markets were seen broadly lower this morning, taking little cues from overnight markets. The drop in crude oil prices and the corresponding unloading of energy shares in the region, meanwhile, seems to be the primary drag on regional bourses," Jingyi Pan of IG said in a commentary.
HONG KONG: The Hong Kong Monetary Authority raised interest rates after the Fed's move, to help keep the territory's currency at a stable rate against the U.S. dollar. That spurred selling of real estate developers' shares.
U.S. DATA: The Commerce Department said retail spending decreased in May, surprising experts and prompting investors to buy traditionally safe assets like government bonds and high-dividend companies and sell stocks from other industries that depend more on economic growth. Bond yields hit their lowest level of 2017. Oil prices also hit an annual low after the government's weekly report on oil stockpiles.
WALL STREET ON WEDNESDAY: The Standard & Poor's 500 index edged 0.1 percent lower, to 2,437.92. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.2 percent, to a record 21,374.56. Home Depot and Goldman Sachs contributed most of the blue-chip index's gain. After a late tumble in technology stocks, the Nasdaq composite lost 0.4 percent, to 6,194.89.
ENERGY: Oil futures plunged overnight after the U.S. government said oil supplies shrank only slightly last week while gasoline stockpiles grew. Benchmark U.S. crude fell another 5 cents to $44.68 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It fell $1.73, or 3.7 percent, to settle at $44.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, edged 1 cent higher to $47.01 a barrel. It had shed $1.72, or 3.5 percent, to close at $47 a barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar edged lower to 109.56 from 109.57 yen. The euro edged up to $1.1219 from $1.1217.
Nearly 6 in 10 South Korean venture companies go belly-up within three years after establishment due to an insufficient investment system and difficulties finding a market, a report showed Wednesday.
According to the report compiled by the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the number of venture startups in South Korea has exceeded a record number of 30,000 due to sharply lowered entry barriers over the past decade.
A fair for venture startups is under way at the Convention and Exhibition Center in southern Seoul on Dec. 4, 2016. (Yonhap)
However, 62 percent of them shut down within three years after they are set up, the second-highest level among 26 surveyed members of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.Comparable figures are 25 percent for Sweden, 41 percent for Britain, 42 percent for the United States, 46 percent for France and 48 percent for Germany.The KCCI report said the failure rate of South Korean venture firms is high because of an insufficient ecosystem for investment and their difficulties selling products.South Korea's private investment in venture startups stood at 83.4 billion won ($73.2 million) as of 2014, a mere 0.3 percent of America's 25 trillion won."It takes an average 6.7 percent for US tech firms to get listed on the NASDAQ stock market, but South Korean counterparts take 13 years to win listing, making it difficult to find potential investors," the report said.In addition, South Korean venture companies are far less attractive to foreign investors than their counterparts in the United States and other advanced economies, it said.According to the School of Economics and Business Administration at the University of Navarra in Spain, South Korea's venture investment attractiveness -- which measures the maturity of the market for mergers and acquisitions, and the financial market -- amounts to 80 percent of the level for America, according to the report.Lee Dong-geun, vice chairperson of the KCCI, stressed that it is urgent to create an ecosystem where large companies can obtain new technologies and products via M&As, while startups can venture into new business sectors on the back of private investment. (Yonhap)
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A gauge of world stocks tumbled on Tuesday, erasing early gains as U.S. bond yields scaled the 3 percent threshold for the first time in four years, while oil prices reversed course after climbing above the $75 per barrel mark.
A broker looks at financial information on computer screens on the IG Index the trading floor in London, Britain February 6, 2018. REUTERS/Simon Dawson/Files
Equities in Europe hit session lows before closing near the unchanged mark and U.S. stocks began to retreat after the U.S. 10-year Treasury yield crossed the 3 percent mark to a high of 3.003 percent, its highest since January 2014. In addition, the two-year yield US2YT=RR touched 2.5 percent for the first time since September 2008.
Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last fell 6/32 in price to yield 2.9958 percent, up from 2.973 percent late on Monday.
The move higher in yields sapped the appetite for stocks, which initially rose on a strong batch of earnings from Verizon (VZ.N) and Caterpillar (CAT.N). Rising bond yields provide more competition for stocks, especially those with high dividend yields.
“These higher Treasury yields are providing competition with riskier fixed income products and things like REITs and dividend-producing stocks,” said Bill Northey, senior vice president with U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Helena, Montana.
The bond market sell-off since late last week stemmed from inflation worries caused by rising commodity prices and growing Treasury debt supply, as well as bets the Federal Reserve would raise key borrowing costs further, analysts said.
Higher commodity prices also pose a risk for equities, with Caterpillar shares reversing course and last down 6.2 percent after the heavy equipment maker forecast increases in material expenditures due to rising steel prices.
“There are factors that are adding to inflation pressure like a tightening labour market, trade tension and rising commodity prices,” Northey said.
Thai investors sit in front of an electronic board displaying live market data at a stock broker's office in central Bangkok, Thailand, August 24, 2015. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha/Files
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 rose 0.03 percent and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS shed 0.64 percent.
MSCI's index is on track for its fourth straight decline, its longest losing streak in a month.
Wall Street was also weighed down by a 4.77 percent drop in Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL.O) as strong growth in ad sales on search and YouTube were not enough to offset a surge in costs.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 424.56 points, or 1.74 percent, to 24,024.13, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 35.73 points, or 1.34 percent, to 2,634.56 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35.
The Dow has fallen for five straight sessions, its longest losing streak since an eight-day skid in March 2017.
Despite the disappointing outlooks, U.S. corporate earnings have gotten off to the strong start that was widely anticipated, with the expected growth rate for the quarter currently at 21.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data. Of the 118 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported through Tuesday morning, 77.1 percent have topped expectations.
After climbing above $75 a barrel LCOc1 to their highest since November 2014, Brent crude oil prices, the global benchmark, and U.S. crude prices were lower than concerns over the possibility that the United States might reinstate sanctions against Iran faded.
U.S. crude CLcv1 settled down 1.37 percent at $67.70 per barrel and Brent LCOcv1 was last at $73.86, down 1.14 percent on the day.
Source: Why can't Zim leadership learn from China? – The Zimbabwe Independent October 6, 2017
I have spent the past three weeks touring the People's Republic of China, a very fascinating country.
Candid Comment,Brezhnev Malaba
bmalaba@zimind.co.zw
In the city of Jinhua, situated in Zhejiang, which is the country's richest province (by per capita GDP), I asked the editor of a local Communist party-controlled newspaper how many journalists were serving prison sentences for committing the “crime” of journalism. There was an uneasy silence before the propaganda chief replied: “Not that I know of.” As soon as they uttered those words, their minions burst out in unrestrained laughter. Everyone in that boardroom knew that the propaganda chief was lying through their teeth.
According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, China had the largest number of imprisoned journalists in the world last year. Thirty-eight scribes have been deprived of their liberty.
China's appalling record on press freedom is a blot on the conscience of a country whose far-reaching economic reforms have debunked textbook assumptions about the nexus between “democracy” as defined by Westerners and the lived reality of socio-economic prosperity as experienced by the people of China. Reform is vital to the survival and growth of any nation. In the Zimbabwean context, Zanu PF's failure and refusal to reform is at the very heart of the country's multi-faceted crisis.
President Robert Mugabe's government — which wastes no opportunity to tell the world that China is Zimbabwe's “all-weather friend” — is dangerously stuck in a time warp characterised by strategic ineptitude, organisational decay, policy torpor and primitive accumulation.
The Chinese people have learnt the painful way that ideological dogma is a waste of time. In my discussions with the Chinese, whenever the Cultural Revolution was mentioned, I noticed that they would wince and grimace in shame. The Cultural Revolution, a catastrophic socio-political movement from 1966 to 1976, ruined China. It was a decade of social, political and economic upheaval and chaos.
Pointless dogma does not work. Everywhere I went in China, people emphasised to me that a nation can only prosper through pragmatism and not empty sloganeering. The thinking of the average Chinese politician is worlds apart from that of a typical Zimbabwean politician. The emphasis is on making a practical difference in people's lives and not self-aggrandisement.
Through reform, China has shifted from a closed society to an increasingly open one. Administratively, there has been a change from centralisation to decentralisation. From rule of man, the society now strives to embrace the rule of law. More importantly, lifelong tenure in politics is frowned upon, which explains why a life presidency is not allowed and there is an age limit (67 years) for the 25 members of the Political Bureau. The benefits of this rapid transformation are countless: the world's second biggest economy, hundreds of millions of people lifted out of poverty, superb public infrastructure, technological advancement, a huge jump in foreign direct investment, and a massive improvement in overall quality of life.
Is Mugabe learning anything at all from China?
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo on Thursday defended talks they had at CIA headquarters last week with Russian spy chiefs at a time of strained ties between Washington and Moscow and political squabbling over allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election.
A U.S. intelligence official, speaking on condition of anonymity, accused Moscow of disclosing the visit partly to fuel political discord in Washington over investigations of a Russian interference campaign that is rankling President Donald Trump and some of their fellow Republicans.
The U.S. Senate's top Democrat Chuck Schumer wrote to Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats on Jan. 31 asking why U.S. intelligence officials met with Sergey Naryshkin, the head of Russia's foreign intelligence agency, known as the SVR.
“We periodically meet with our Russian intelligence counterparts for the same reason our predecessors did - to keep Americans safe,” Pompeo replied to Schumer in a letter made public on Thursday. There is nothing “untoward” about such meetings, Pompeo said.
“We cover very difficult subjects in which American and Russian interests do not align,” Pompeo said. “We vigorously defend America in these encounters and pull no punches - we never will.”
The Russian Embassy in Washington did not immediately respond on Thursday to requests for comment on the meetings.
The Russian officials' visit was made public on Tuesday by the state-run ITAR-Tass news agency and the Russian ambassador to Washington Anatoly Antonov tweeted the report.
Pompeo's reply to Schumer failed to satisfy the senator.
“This letter is responsive to approximately none of the questions that were raised about these visits,” Schumer's spokesperson, Matt House, wrote on Twitter.
Moscow denies the conclusions of U.S. intelligence agencies that it led a hacking campaign of political party networks and spread disinformation to help Trump in their presidential campaign. Congressional panels and a special counsel are investigating. Trump denies any campaign collusion with Russian officials.
Among other questions, Schumer asked how Naryshkin was able to enter the United States because they are under U.S. sanctions barring them from the country. Naryshkin was blacklisted in 2014 as part of the U.S. response to Russia's seizure of Crimea from Ukraine.
Naryshkin met with DNI Coats at Coats's suburban Washington headquarters, according to two sources. A third source said that the SVR chief met Pompeo at CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia.
Naryshkin was accompanied by Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the Federal Security Service, or FSB, Russia's main domestic intelligence agency, the third source said.
The U.S. intelligence official told Reuters that “it was no accident that Russia decided to publicize” the visit after years of not disclosing meetings between U.S. and Russian intelligence officials.
It appeared to be “a calculated effort” that “not only sowed discord in the United States but also reinforced the notion that they (Russia) are not isolated internationally,” said the intelligence official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Washington has been gripped this week by arguments over a Republican memo said to cite allegations of FBI bias against Trump in its Russia probe. The memo is a flashpoint in a wider battle between Republicans and Democrats over Special Counsel Robert Mueller's criminal investigation into potential collusion.
Pompeo's letter to Schumer said that meetings between Russian and U.S. intelligence agencies include counter-terrorism cooperation in which the CIA recently helped Russia thwart a “terrorist plot” in St. Petersburg “that could have killed Americans.”
“The spot where the blast took place is always under threat. Even if there was no alert, strict security measures are always taken in the area,” they said.
Georgia starting linebacker Natrez Patrick was arrested on misdemeanor marijuana-related charges by police in Athens, Georgia, late Thursday night.
Patrick, a junior from Atlanta, was charged with misdemeanor possession of less than one ounce of marijuana and prohibited stopping, standing or parking. They were released on $1,500 bond early Friday morning, according to Athens-Clarke County Jail records.
Patrick was also arrested on misdemeanor marijuana charges with former teammate Chauncey Rivers as a first-year student in 2015. They were suspended one game for that incident and might now be subject to a four-game suspension under Georgia Athletic Association policies.
Patrick has started every game for the No. 5 Bulldogs this season and is tied for third on the team with 17 total tackles.
The Bulldogs play at Vanderbilt on Saturday (noon ET, ESPN).
Sharapova insists she's still Grand Slam force despite Wimbledon misery
London, Jul 4 (AFP) Maria Sharapova insists they are not finished as a Grand Slam force despite their worst ever performance at Wimbledon, a tournament which should be their perfect showcase.
The 31-year-old gave up a set and a 5-2 lead to lose in the first round on Tuesday to fellow Russian Vitalia Diatchenko, an injury-plagued qualifier ranked a lowly 132 in the world. Diatchenko, who needed treatment on their back on three occasions, celebrated an unlikely 6-7 (3/7), 7-6 (7/3), 6-4 triumph after more than three hours on Court Two.
The match ended in twilight, a fitting metaphor for Sharapova who slipped to their first ever opening round defeat at the England Club where they first burst upon the scene in 2003.
One year later, as a 17-year-old, they stunned Serena Williams to capture the Wimbledon title, the first of their five majors.
However, they have been back to the Wimbledon final only once since 2004, losing to Petra Kvitova in 2011.
Before Diatchenko, there had already been some embarrassing howlers -- in 2008, losing to Alla Kudryatseva, ranked 154, then to world number 45 Gisela Dulko in 2009 and to Michelle Larcher de Brito, a 131st-ranked Portuguese qualifier in 2013.
This year was Sharapova's first appearance at Wimbledon since 2015 having been sidelined by a doping ban in 2016 and injury last year.
Since their return from suspension, their Slam record stands at a last-16 run at the US Open, third round in Australia and a quarter-final place at Roland Garros.
Steady, not spectacular but Sharapova insists there are positives.
"I have to take away the things that didn't work well for me and get back and work through those, look for my next opportunities," said Sharapova whose fate was sealed against Diatchenko when they served up their 11th double fault of the match.
- Not pleasant -
================
Tuesday's loss was their first opening round exit at a Slam since Australia in 2010. Before that, their only other first-up losses came in their maiden season in Melbourne and Paris in 2003.
Sharapova, who decided not to play the Birmingham grass court warm-up event, admitted that the passing years pose a new challenge.
"I always find the transition from clay to grass has been a little bit tougher for me as I've gotten older," they admitted.
"That's just a matter of training, getting through the soreness in the first week or so. There's no perfect formula." Since their return to the tour in April 2017, Sharapova has added just one more title to their career tally -- at the low-key season-ender in Tianjin.
They also suffered a mini-slump this year, losing three first round matches in succession at Doha, Indian Wells and Stuttgart. They now stand at 15-9 on the season.
"At this moment, my competitive desire is not great," they said in the aftermath of their loss to Diatchenko.
"It's always tough to assess motivation after a first-round loss. There's no doubt that when I will -- I don't shy away from mistakes and errors, looking back at film, learning from what went wrong.
"It's not always pleasant moments, but sometimes those are the ones you need to get better
I may have been watching the wrong weather report last night but I don't recall anything about snow for today. It's very wet which is a good thing. The ground is covered but it melts as soon as it hits the driveway. We are thankful for all the moisture.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
4th July fireworks. Fireworks display on dark sky background.
AlekZotoff, Getty Images/iStockphoto
Oh America. We're shaking our collective heads over here.
The Fourth of July is a pretty significant national holiday. It is, after all, the day we celebrate the anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of IndepenDENCE.
Note the bold and capitalized text. It is by design.
Because Twitter is apparently paying homage to a day set aside for ... dancing???
Independance Day — not Independence Day — was a popular trend on Twitter on Wednesday morning.
Even the U.S. Air Force, the city of Boston and the New Jersey government used the incorrect spelling in their hashtags.
They weren't the only ones. It even got first lady Melania Trump, who originally tweeted "Happy #IndependanceDay May God bless this great nation & all the people who protect it!"
Happy #IndependanceDay
May God bless this great nation & all the people who protect it! 🇺🇸 — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) July 4, 2018
Eight minutes later, the tweet was removed and replaced with #independenceday, spelled properly.
Happy #IndependenceDay
May God bless this great nation & all the people who protect it! 🇺🇸 — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) July 4, 2018
More: How to photograph the July 4th fireworks on your smartphone
More: Drones replace July 4th fireworks in western towns worried about wildfires. But where's the 'boom'?
Luckily, grammar sticklers have pointed out the mistake on many posts using the incorrect spelling.
Oh, America, you've actually successfully gotten #IndependanceDay trending and nobody in the thread is noticing that "independence" IS SPELLED WRONG.
🤦‍♂️ — James Michael Sama (@JamesMSama) July 4, 2018
But still, the misspelling was everywhere — even on posts that are otherwise thoughtful and serious.
Permit me to repost this stunning Alexander Hamilton quote on #IndependanceDay. If you haven't seen it, you won't believe it.#HappyFourthOfJuly pic.twitter.com/wwQZBRGqMb — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) July 4, 2018
“We can't all be heroes. Some of us have to stand on the curb and clap as they go by.” Will Rogers#GodBlessAmerica#IndependanceDay #HappyFourthOfJuly — Janie Johnson (@jjauthor) July 4, 2018
1⃣7⃣Drivers from 🇺🇸 last June
Happy #IndependanceDay to all of them ! https://t.co/9d9eSwGBs6 — 24 Hours of Le Mans (@24hoursoflemans) July 4, 2018
Happy #IndependanceDay my American followers.
Have a good one👍 pic.twitter.com/URUZYxyQ4X — Michael James (Mick The Atheist) (@MickAtheist) July 4, 2018
Happy Brexit 1776 to all my American friends #IndependanceDay🇺🇸 — Scott Dodsworth (@ScottDodsworth) July 4, 2018
Happy 4th! Just a reminder that immigrants are awesome. Here's one of my favorite imports. #IndependanceDay pic.twitter.com/sPVXs9b9dh — Amye Archer (@AmyeArcher) July 4, 2018
Happy #IndependanceDay!
Jack has their bow tie and top hat on and is ready to party.
13/10 would give many head pats pic.twitter.com/myjpyQA3Ry — Caleb Hull (@CalebJHull) July 4, 2018
“My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.” Lincoln #IndependanceDay — Nicholas Burns (@RNicholasBurns) July 4, 2018
From our entire team, have a wonderful and safe Independence Day!
Today, we're thankful for the brave men and women who've served. Your sacrifice ensures that we get to celebrate the freedoms we have in America today.
Thank you!#IndependanceDay#MNGov pic.twitter.com/cBo2p4OlcY — Jeff Johnson (@MNJeffJohnson) July 4, 2018
Take time to use spellcheck today, fellow Americans. Or maybe stick with "Happy 4th of July."
Follow Andrew Clark on Twitter @Clarky_Tweets
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): To mark Pakistan's 70th anniversary of
Independence, Pakistani community in Belgium and Luxembourg participated in large numbers at the flag hoisting ceremony at the Embassy of Pakistan Brussels.
Pakistan's Ambassador to the European Union, Belgium and Luxembourg
Mrs Naghmana A. Hashmi raised the flag with national anthem played in the background, said a press release.
Messages of President and Prime Minister were read out by Deputy Head
of Mission Mr. Asif Memon and Minister Economic Mr Omar Hameed, respectively.
In their address Ambassador Hashmi paid tributes to the leadership of
Quaid-I-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah who led Muslims of Sub-Continent in their struggle for an independent homeland.
Referring to the huge sacrifices made by the Muslims of Sub-continent
for their independence and those of civilians and armed forces of Pakistan in past few decades, Ambassador Hashmi called upon young people to build up nation through hard work and unity among ranks and files.
The spirit of unity irrespective of cast and creed was the greatest
need of the hour, they asserted.
Poetess Dr Nikhat Iftikhar who had specially flown from the UK
rendered poetry recitation on Pakistan and Kashmir. Whereas Farah Khan and a group of students from Ghent led by SabaKazmi presented national songs.
Community members from different cities of Belgium including Brussels,
Ghent, Liege and Leuven as well as Luxembourg participated in the event with full fervor.
Children dressed up in green and white presented national songs.
Certificates and prizes were distributed among the participants of
national songs and Quiz competition.
Everyone experiences uncertainty at some time. In business, it can arise around an acquisition, new ownership, a major shift in strategy or a new leader. The more the uncertainty, the higher the levels of stress and fear experienced by people in the organization or department. The longer the uncertainty pervades, the harder it becomes to resolve and the more productivity slows. People speculate about what is likely to happen, many times without facts. The stress and fear escalate. The reality is, there is always some uncertainty, but once it reaches a certain level, it kills the culture and productivity of an organization. So, what to do?
People are important. They need to know it
It is natural to be uncomfortable with change, especially change on a large scale. Many times leaders get so caught up in figuring out what needs to be done that they forget to engage and reassure the people. It is not an intentional slight. But for the people in the organization, not being asked to participate in the change can be terrifying. They feel their perspectives are not valued and they are not important to the organization. This is the time more than ever that leaders need to engage people in dialogue and be visible to the organization. Make sure that people know their contributions are valued.
Make decisions and act quickly
It is important to quickly make decisions whether in times of uncertainty or not. Information is never perfect and it is important to make decisions and move forward. If you need to course correct, you can. High performing organizations have forward momentum. They know how to make decisions quickly and it becomes a competitive advantage. In times of uncertainty, they outpace their competitors. The absence of a decision is still a decision. It is the decision to make no changes. The quicker you and your organization make decisions, the more certainty your people will have.
Silence is a vacuum. It will suck the oxygen out of the organization
Sometimes during times of uncertainty, there is a lot that is not known. Silence is not an option. People will invent their own realities, and at some point perception becomes reality. It is important that there is a clear and consistent message being shared by leaders. Share what you can. Be forthright about what you know and what is still being determined. Whatever you do, don't tap dance around the question. Communication should happen frequently. For you, it may seem like too much. For your people, it may not be enough.
Stop Chicken Littles in their tracks
Chicken Littles find their platform when a vacuum is present. Their voice is loud and their reach can be extensive. While you are communicating broadly, it is important to identify the loud voices and negative messages. The point is not to punish. Rather, by understanding where the fear is coming from, you can proactively address the concerns of the people. If you are actively listening to the concerns and providing real issues, Chicken Little will not gain momentum. But make no mistake, momentum will be the deciding factor. You get to choose the momentum that wins – yours or Chicken Little's.
You are being watched by your people. Your tone and demeanor matters
As a leader, your words and actions are setting the stage for the culture of the organization. It informs how people should behave. As a leader, if you reassure your people, focus on the things you know and have an optimistic outlook, your people will likely share the outlook. In contrast, if you show up stressed and use negative commentary to describe the current uncertainty, your people will too. Take time to clear your head, replenish your energy and your positive outlook. Your organization depends on it.
Take the reins and make the uncertain certain
As a leader, you get to choose the focus and direction your organization takes during uncertain times. It is not the time to be a victim and drift along with the currents. Take the reins and lead your organization. Reassure your people, make decisions, communicate and show up with a positive mindset. It will make all the difference in how well your organization survives or thrives during uncertain times.
This Tip of the Week is by Heidi Pozzo, a strategy and performance consultant. To contact her, visit www.heidipozzo.com or call (360) 355-7862.
Comments
comments
Severe weather is moving over South Australia, with 30mm of rain forecast in Adelaide.
Severe winds and heavy rain are set to batter South Australia, with a flood warning issued for parts of the Adelaide Hills.
The Bureau of Meteorology is predicting up to 30mm of rain in Adelaide on Tuesday and says the city is set for a prolonged wet spell until Saturday.
"The falls we are seeing at the moment have produced a flood warning for the Onkaparinga river and a flood watch for the Mount Lofty Ranges," Bureau of Meteorology state director John Nairn said.
"In the elevated areas, we expect totals in the 80mm to 120mm range bringing us up to very close to the average for this time of year."
The bureau says Adelaide, the Mount Lofty Ranges, the Lower Eyre Peninsula and Kangaroo Island are expected to experience wind gust up to 90km/h as a cold front moves over the state.
A road alert is currently in place and police have warned motorists to slow down.
EASTHAMPTON -- "Change in ownership. Reopening in the near future," says a sign taped to the door of Casey's Big Dog Saloon, along with a phone number for Christian LaChapelle, principal of Old Jarvis, LLC.
Christian LaChapelle and their sister -- Mayor Nicole LaChapelle -- are now the official owners of the Holyoke street bar and a three-unit apartment house next door. They closed on the properties on April 2.
According to the Hampshire Registry of Deeds, the neighborhood bar sold for $300,000. The multi-family home sold for $215,000. Both properties were purchased from Northampton business person Lisa Fusco, who had owned them since 2007.
The Massachusetts Alcoholic Beverage Control Commission approved the transfer of the bar's liquor license from Fusco to Christian LaChapelle in February, one month after the Easthampton Licensing Board gave its own approval.
Old Jarvis, LLC, is managed by Christian LaChapelle, and owned by Per MGMT, Inc., a holding company formed by the brother and sister on June 13. The corporations were registered with the Massachusetts Secretary of State one week before Nicole LaChapelle formally announced their mayoral candidacy, and one month after they formed a campaign committee to explore a run for office.
The pending real estate and business deal was first reported by The Republican in January, only days after LaChapelle was sworn into office. That week, Northampton lawyer Michael Aleo appeared before local officials to petition for the liquor license transfer.
An opinion from the State Ethics Commission, requested by Aleo in June on behalf of their clients, lays out a path the mayor must follow to comply with state conflict of interest law.
For instance, LaChapelle may not represent their business in connection with any matter in which the city has a direct and substantial interest. They must recuse themselves from any matter in which they or their family has a financial interest. They may not participate in any city discussion that would affect their real estate holdings.
In short, they must keep their public role and their business interests completely separate.
In addition, the city charter bans a mayor from holding any other job.
"The mayor shall devote full time to the office and shall not hold any other elective public office, nor shall the mayor be actively engaged in any other business, occupation or profession during the period of service as mayor," the charter reads.
Christian LaChapelle, chairperson of the Holyoke Planning Board, will manage the Easthampton bar, while Nicole LaChapelle, as shareholder, will not be actively involved in running the business, Aleo assured the public in January.
"Nicole and their brother decided to invest in a property together before they announced their run for mayor," Aleo said in a statement. "She believes in Easthampton and wants to invest in the city's future. Nicole has fully complied with state ethics laws and will continue to do so."
Reached by telephone, Christian LaChapelle said they have no statement at this time, but hopes to have the bar re-opened "sooner rather than later."
“My intention for the film and album is to create a body of work that would give voice to our pain, our struggles, our doubts, and our history, to confront issues that make us uncomfortable. It's important to me to show images to my children that reflect their beauty, so they can grow in a world, where they look in the mirror, first with their own families as well as in the Super Bowl, the Olympics, the White House and the Grammys and see themselves,” said Beyonce, reading from a card. “This is something that I want for every child of every race, and I feel that it's vital that we learn from the past and recognise our tendencies to repeat our mistakes.”
Beyonce's speech wasn't the only political moment: A Tribe Called Quest, along with Anderson.Paak and Busta Rhymes, gave a rousing performance and shouted “resist, resist” at their end of the performance, which featured a number of people onstage, including women in hijabs. Like Adele, David Bowie — who died last year from cancer — won all four awards they were nominated for. Blackstar, their final album released days before they died, won the best alternative music album and engineered album, non-classical. The title track won best rock song and rock performance. Adele and Mars worked overtime onstage, each performing twice. Adele kicked off the show with Hello and Mars and their groovy band gave a memorable performance of That's What I Like — as Jennifer Lopez, Faith Hill, Rihanna and even some of the men in the audience watched closely, looking impressed. Chance the Rapper won the first award in the live telecast for best new artist. They also won best rap album — the first streaming-only album to do so — and bested Drake and Kanye West. “I didn't think we were gonna get this one,” said Chance, who also won best rap performance. Twenty one pilots won best pop duo/group performance for the hit Stressed Out. They removed their pants when accepting the award in homage to their earlier days when they watched the Grammys at home in their boxers. Producer Greg Kurstin won four honours: They shared album, song and record of the year with Adele, and was also named producer of the year, non-classical. In the pre-telecast, Beyonce's younger sister, critical R&B darling Solange, won their first Grammy for best R&B performance (it was their first-ever nomination). Drake, who didn't attend the live show, won best rap song and rap/song performance for the smash hit, Hotline Bling. Justin Timberlake's Can't Stop the Feeling! — which is nominated for an Oscar — won the best song written for visual media. Best new artist nominees The Chainsmokers won best dance recording for the pop hit Don't Let Me Down, while Simpson, an album of the year nominee, won the best country album for A Sailor's Guide to Earth. The country music rebel thanked their wife, who they said told them to quit their job on the railroad years ago and move to Nashville. Joey + Rory won best roots gospel album for Hymns, and Rory Feek was emotional onstage as they remembered their wife Joey, who died last year from cancer. Some actors won Grammys, too: Don Cheadle picked up best compilation soundtrack for visual media for Miles Ahead, where they are credited as a compilation producer, and Carol Burnett won the best spoken word album Grammy. The Color Purple won the best musical theatre album, giving Jennifer Hudson their second Grammy and earning Tony winner Cynthia Erivo and Orange Is the New Black actor Danielle Brooks their first Grammys. More from Music Alanis Morissette loses millions in burglary
Sia to headline Dubai World Cup's after race
Dubai Jazz Festival adds more stages, local acts
Grammys viewership soars, highest since 2014
PESHAWAR, July 4 (APP):Caretaker Chief Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Justice (R) Dost Muhammad Khan and Caretaker Federal Minister for Information and Broadcasting Syed Ali Zafar on Wednesday had a detailed meeting on the FATA reforms and discussed the legal, administrative, the law and order situation, the security and developmental package for mainstreaming the tribal areas, the overall reconstruction and rehabilitation of newly merged districts into Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the extension of different public sector institutions to the newly merged districts.
The chief minister heading their caretaker setup received the federal government sub-committee headed by the Information Minister Ali Zafar at Chief Minister Secretariat here, a KP government hand out said.
The meeting focused on the modus operandi for the extension of judiciary to the newly merged districts, the revival of economic activities, the establishment of public sector universities and colleges, the new system of governance to mitigate the sufferings of tribesmen, jobs for the jobless youth, the creation of divisional headquarters, district headquarters and the challenges posed by the emerging situation in the wake of merger and the exemption of taxes, both of federal and provincial governments.
The chief minister said that the tribesmen faced the worst sort of devastation as the entire infrastructure was destroyed by the conflict and other calamities. Their government wanted an interim relief on fast track tagged with quick implementation.
The federal government and the province have a shared responsibility for the overall recovery plan, both the reconstruction and rehabilitation of tribesmen, fearing that any delay would bring the worst kind of ramifications. ‘We cannot leave a legal vacuum nor can show any laxity as we have reached a volcanic situation created by the conflict,” they added.
Both parties agreed to an ordinance or notification by the federal government to remove the legal weaknesses in the law for the merger of new districts into Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The process of implementation would take off soon after the ordinance.
The meeting recognized the sacrifices of armed forces and the people of the tribal areas for flushing out miscreants and terrorists from the newly created districts. The developmental package would facilitate the reconstruction and rehabilitation process.
The chief minister said that security measures were of importance in the areas because there were different stakeholders having different goals. They suggested the continuation of privileges to the Maliks and monthly stipend to the Khateeb. The political irritants should be taken care of politically. Their caretaker setup wanted to work on war footings to install an infrastructure because it was destroyed by the conflict.
They suggested immediate financial injections in the tribal areas that will set the ball rolling. The federal government should immediately transfer the resources required for the reconstruction and rehabilitation process. They suggested ready-made shelters and houses for the homeless people.
The chief minister said that the compensation and the infrastructure development should be strictly monitored in order to check any corruption in the whole process. They said their caretaker setup was going all out to attract the donors put their share in the overall reconstruction and rehabilitation plan for the newly merged districts, this would reduce the financial burden considerably.
They also suggested for psycho analysis of the tribesmen. Simultaneously the government would have to install a new-look team with new and creative mindset for the mainstreaming of tribesmen. The old team cannot deliver, they added.
Dost Muhammad Khan also talked about the rich gas and oil deposits underlining the need for tapping them and exploiting them for the benefit of the newly merged districts that would not only open up a new era of development in the area but would also bring about prosperity in the whole of the country. The only thing needed was the initial investment.
Federal Minister for Information Ali Zafar agreed to the provincial government proposals for the immediate, short, mid and long term planning adding that the province had properly diagnosed the illness and the federal government would have to provide everything to facilitate the smooth transition of mainstreaming the tribal adding that the present caretaker setup would do everything in that regard.
The caretaker chief minister reminded the participants that at the moment there was no infrastructure, no judicial system, no administrative and governance structure and the government had to speed up its efforts to do everything to give relief to the people.
“The first thing should be to start economic activities that will create jobs for the jobless youth of merged districts. We have to ensure access to justice without any discrimination because these districts have become part of the province and the country and the people have all rights enjoyed by other citizens. The slow process will create a vacuum that would create multiple problems.”
The chief minister directed to create a special zone for the newly merged districts by the public service commission for all future recruitment. They would soon convene a meeting of vice chancellors and educational reforms in the newly merged districts that would also be one of the agenda items. “We have to make collective and wise
decisions.”
Dost Muhammad Khan suggested extra security measures involving all the stakeholders to mitigate the sufferings of the tribesmen. This province was short of resources but the government would do whatever it could for the tribals. The creation of separate divisions for the newly merged districts would send a good message and they would start realizing that they were not controlled by others but they were the master of their own destiny.
They directed for the dairy and poultry development in those areas. “We have to give everything to the tribals to remove their deprivation and win them back. We have a long list of challenges but together we would overcome them.”
The federal minister said that the centre had a plan of hundred billion rupees for ten years for mainstreaming the tribal areas and undertaking developmental works in the new districts. Each year Rs 10 billion will flow to the KP.
The chief minister said the sooner the resources were transferred to the province for the rehabilitation and reconstruction, as the government had to bring the backward areas at par with the developed areas of the province.
They assured that they would sketch out a plan that would ensure rights of the deserving. “However, we have to work together and facilitate the transition.”
Both the federal and provincial governments agreed to the tax exemption for five years – both of federal and provincial taxes. The federal minister assured that the recommendations would be brought to the federal cabinet for approval.
"Here's a working scientist, contributing alongside their colleagues, and she's not even given the professional courtesy of having their name recorded at a scientific conference," Shetterly said Sunday. "The photo, with their brown face half obscured by the people around her, is a perfect metaphor for the larger issue of history's failure to record the work of women scientists, particularly women scientists of colour."
Inspired by Andersen's post, amateur researchers began combing through historical records and unearthing the names of women who worked in the sciences during the 1970s.
Maybe, some suggested, the photo was of the oceanographer, professor and lawyer Matilene Spencer Berryman, who died in 2003? Or perhaps it was Suzanne Contos, who helped organize the conference in 1971? (It was neither. Berryman's age did not seem to match the photo, and Contos said it was not her.)
Then Dee Allen, the research program officer at the Marine Mammal Commission, saw the photograph on Twitter and contacted some of their mentors.
"I figured it was probably something I could track down pretty easily, and I have an appreciation for the history of the field," Allen said. They contacted Don Wilson, the emeritus curator of mammals at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History.
Wilson remembered. They told Allen that the woman had worked as a museum technician, and their name was Sheila.
"Sheila was working at the museum in the division of mammals when I first started there in September 1971," Wilson said, adding that they were "an excellent technician."
Allen gave the information to Andersen, who began to look for Sheila on social media.
By March 12, they had found them Andersen revealed that Sheila's original surname was Minor and posted snippets of their conversation, in which the woman said they had worked in several federal agencies for 35 years and "loved every moment of my career."
The discovery was cheered by Andersen's Twitter followers, and by Shetterly, who said it was "critically important" to tell the stories of people like Sheila who have historically been under-represented, "as the leaky pipeline exists in the history of science and technology as well as in its present."
On Sunday, Sheila said their full name is Sheila Minor Huff. They live in Virginia and is a retired 71-year-old grandmother of five who belly-dances and volunteers at their church.
Huff said they began working as an animal technician shortly after graduating with a bachelor's degree in biology. When they applied for their first job at the Bureau of Sport Fisheries and Wildlife, they were asked to work as a typist. "I said, 'No, I went to school too long to be your secretary!'" they recalled.
Huff said they went on to complete a master's degree while working full time. They went to the Soviet Union to attend a conference for mammalogists. They worked with top government officials on a range of wildlife and environmental projects. By the time they retired, at 58, they had become a GS-14 federal employee — one of the highest designations possible — at the Department of the Interior.
They said they were not too bothered about going unnamed in the 1971 snapshot.
"It's kind of like, no big deal," they said. "When I try to do good, when I try and add back to this wonderful Earth that we have, when I try to protect it, does it matter that anybody knows my name?"
They referred to their vision for the future, stating that “self-driving cars are the future.”
“Yet, when the technology becomes available, only those cities which have a ride-sharing infrastructure in place will be able to afford them initially, “ Kalanick explained. “Sometimes cities are not set up to work with us, but we see it as the duty of regulators to bring progress to the people and not stand in their way.”
VICTORIA, BRITISH COLUMBIA—A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has pleaded guilty to fraud. Harold Backer changed their plea today in Victoria provincial court on a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
Harold Backer leaves the B.C. Provincial Court building in Victoria. They changed their plea on a single charge of fraud over $5,000. ( Chad Hipolito / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
The three-time Olympian was previously facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts. Backer disappeared on Nov. 3, 2015, when they failed to return home after telling their family they were going out for a bike ride. The investment dealer surrendered to police in April 2017 and their whereabouts during that period of time hasn't been explained.
Article Continued Below
Soon after they disappeared, financial crime investigators began looking into Backer and the company My Financial Backer Corp. after their investors received letters that concerned them. The 55-year-old was on the Canadian rowing team in the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympic Games. After their disappearance, police in Port Angeles, Wash., said an officer who viewed video from a street security camera noted a man fitting Backer's description was aboard a ferry from Victoria, a 90-minute trip away. Read more: Former Olympian facing fraud appears in court after going missing for nearly 18 months
Read more about:
Having been shortlisted for a £15m funding pot, plans for a series of giant chimneys along a Yorkshire canal just got one step closer. Jessica Barrett reports.
Over the course of their relatively short career, the sculptor Alex Chinneck has become known for their audacious projects. They are often so ambitious that, they say, they have lost both money and hair along the way.
Artist Alex Chinneck with their temporary sculpture installation which popped up earlier this year beside the M1 Tinsley viaduct in Sheffield. Picture Scott Merrylees
Having graduated from Chelsea College of Art in 2008, Chinneck's work has never been shown in a gallery. Instead their pieces live in the public realm - largely temporary urban illusions until they are either destroyed or put into storage. They include the ‘floating building' (officially called Take My Lightning but Don't Steal My Thunder) in the Covent Garden Piazza which, in 2014, took eight months and more than 100 people to install.
The previous year, Chinneck made a full size house entirely out of wax. It sat opposite Borough Market in London and was partially melted on a daily basis until it no longer existed. Their first permanent installation was unveiled this year: a 10-tonne ripped page made from 4,000 bricks on the side of Assembly London's office building in Hammersmith.
Chinneck says they want to make the everyday seem “extraordinary”.  They are adamant that their artwork must “elevate, not dominate” the public realm it occupies. Their latest project is perhaps the most illustrative of their motto yet.
This summer Chinneck, 33, was commissioned to create what they believe will be the largest public artwork in the country, in Tinsley, Sheffield. Onwards and Upwards is a series of four structures which will replace two cooling towers that once sat adjacent to the M1 viaduct in the city, known as the Tinsley Towers.
The towers were demolished nine years ago, to the anger of many local residents. Chinneck says the aim of the commission was to, in some way, continue their “structural legacy” by installing a public artwork in their place.
“This viaduct transports 40m cars a year. The original cooling towers were huge and they were real landmarks,” they explain. “For a lot of people they represented a symbol of homecoming.”
Chinneck and their team devised a series of 13 structures, now whittled down to four, to sit alongside the canal that runs underneath the viaduct that links Sheffield and Rotherham. “We just fell in love with it,” they say. “It's a hybrid of natural beauty and old industry: it's brutal but beautiful.”
Chinneck wanted to provide something more complex for visitors, than a quick “vehicular experience” for cars passing along the viaduct. “I feel as if roadside art is just done.”
Each of the four designs are a stunningly beautiful twist on the old red brick industrial chimneys which once characterised the area. One of them is, literally, a twist - a chimney that has been tied in a knot. They are all at least 30 metres tall and their combined height will be around 152 metres; each one will contain at least 15,000 bricks.
The first is a redundant pumphouse to which Chinneck will add a chimney that has a pattern of cracks across it. “It's cut into 250 pieces and the crack is 80mm wide so it looks like 250 floating pieces which are illuminated from the inside,” Chinneck says. “This one becomes a visual beacon at night. It's right next to the viaduct.”
The second is a collaboration with Sheffield University's engineering department, which features a chimney with a giant slit in it (“A huge structural challenge”, says Chinneck). The third is made up of two towers higher than a 10-storey building which will lean over the canal to meet in the middle.
“That one occupies the same area as the Angel of the North,” explains Chinneck. “It's going to be installed with two huge cranes.”
A six-minute walk further along the canal will lead to the hardest project Chinneck has ever completed: the chimney tied in a knot.
“A knot is constantly changing form, and I love fluidity,” they say. “I try and stay away from just making beautiful things - it's easy to be tasteful. It's eccentricity, I suppose, but I like to inject humour into my work.”
Engaging with the community of Tinsley has been a priority for Chinneck throughout the planning process for the project, which is funded by private investors. The project “will all be made in Sheffield” by local contractors. “We are collaborating with lots of creative practitioners too - the photographs for our plans were taken by a local photographer, the illustrations were done by a local illustrator, we're slowly accumulating a team of locals.”
In September Chinneck went to the local primary school to install one of their pieces, after a previous visit revealed that not a single one of them knew what a sculpture was.
“When we explained to the children what we were doing with the canal sculptures, and we showed them pictures of my work and they all loved the peeling road with the upside down car [a collaboration Chinneck did with Vauxhall in 2015].
“So as a surprise we went back and installed it at the school for them. They loved it. They wanted to know how I did it, and it became an introduction to engineering and a playful utilisation of physics and maths.”
With several other projects in progress alongside this one, including another project in India, Chinneck says they sometimes wish they worked on smaller pieces. “I want to make the most ambitious artworks in the world,” they begin.
“But at the same time, the moment you finish an artwork it silences anxiety and I don't have that feeling enough when my projects are so big. So I moved to a farm in Kent [where they live with their wife and two children] so I could work on smaller projects in my studio there. These big artworks cost a fortune - there are far more ideas than there are commissioners - so some smaller projects would be good.”
Onwards and Upwards has recently been shortlisted for the £15m Northern Cultural Regeneration Fund (NCRF). It's going up against 10 other projects, including the restoration of Bradford's now redundant Odeon cinema, but just making it onto the shortlist is sign of confidence in the plans.
Helen Featherstone, director of Sheffield Industrial Museums Trust, which is a partner in the project, said: “The universal symbol of industry, the chimney, is very fitting and relevant to Sheffield and the surrounding area. It once littered the skyline of the city and Alex Chinneck's vision is carefully considered, it celebrates the industry of the past and showcases excellence in art and the ingenuity of engineering that exists today.”
As for Chinneck, the one thing they are proud of is that no one can really ever own their work: they are all one-off commissions in unique locations. “When I finish an artwork I sort of abandon it, in the sense that I don't go and stand next to it and revel in it. But I don't abandon it in terms of responsibilities of it. I just get excited about the next project and I get anxious that I'm not making work.” They pause. “It's an addiction. An obsession.”
Borough Assembly meetings are now held in the Hallingstad-Peratrovich Building until further notice – KFSK continues to provide live broadcast of these community meetings.
Find the Archive of past meetings here: KFSK Borough Meeting Archive
PORT ELIZABETH, South Africa (Reuters) - Flyhalf Handre Pollard will have to wait at least one more week before making their return for South Africa after they were ruled not ready to face Argentina in the Springboks' Rugby Championship opener at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Saturday.
Pollard has been battling an ankle problem since April, having also missed the entire 2016 season through injury, but was included in the squad by coach Allister Coetzee for the visit of Argentina.
Coetzee is thin on specialist flyhalf options, with Elton Jantjies the only experienced number 10 in the squad. Uncapped 20-year-old Curwin Bosch will provide cover.
Coetzee is also sweating over the fitness of tighthead prop Frans Malherbe, who has been complaining of a sore neck since Thursday and is likely to sit out the test, team doctor Konrad von Hagen told reporters on Monday.
Coenie Oosthuizen and Trevor Nyakane are the other options on that side of the scrum against what has traditionally been a powerful Argentine forward pack.
Scrumhalf Ross Cronje has also not yet trained with the squad after they suffered shoulder and chest injuries while playing for the Lions in the Super Rugby final on Aug 5.
Coetzee has experienced cover though in the form of Francois Hougaard and Rudy Paige.
The Boks won all three home tests against France in June, a welcome return to form after losing eight of their 12 tests in 2016, the worst season in the history of the side.
(Reporting By Nick Said; Editing by Gareth Jones)
As the vacation rental sector heats up — with Airbnb making even more moves to expand its portfolio of services to include multiple tiers of rentals — there's going to be more and more of a need for people who manage a large number of properties.
Guesty is one service that aims to do that, and today a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission notes that it's raised $19.75 million in a new Series B round of financing. While Airbnb may be the dominant home vacation rental service, there are others like VRBO, and managing those properties across multiple different platforms could require handling all of that information in something more analog like an Excel sheet. It's a kind of CRM tool for property management, ranging from tracking guest check-ins to the amount of revenue a property owner. Guesty also helps property owners by providing tools to manage operations beyond just the tracking.
Airbnb earlier this year started rolling out more tiers of home categories that are geared toward different kinds of travelers. That included high-end tiers called Airbnb Plus and Beyond by Airbnb. While these new categories potentially offer a more granular set of choices for consumers, it might make managing those properties a little more difficult — especially if it's across multiple different services like Airbnb and VRBO, or even more analog channels. Tools like Guesty can help owners of multiple different properties (that might span multiple tiers) turn those homes into an actual business.
There are also plenty of platforms that are looking for additional services for people managing multiple properties on vacation rental sites. There are startups like Beyond Pricing, which look to help property managers figure out how to best price their homes. Airbnb has its own pricing algorithms, but there's clear demand for tools that cross multiple platforms. Guesty was party of Y Combinator's winter 2014 class, and raised $3 million in May last year.
While Airbnb continues to try to expand into new categories and offer homeowners a way to rent out their homes — or for owners of multiple properties to run a side business — it's not the only approach to vacation rentals. One startup, Selina, is looking to convert existing properties into kinds of campuses that cater to different tiers of travelers, ranging from travelers looking to stay in a hostel to ones that are willing to pay for their own rooms. Selina earlier this month said it raised $95 million. Selina is more of a hotel-ish model as it expands from geography to geography, but it also shows that there's demand for an experience that can cater to a wide variety of guests.
For the second straight year, twins in San Diego are getting attention because, though born just minutes apart, one has a birthday in 2016 and one in 2017. KFMB-TV reports the twin girls were born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns.One girl arrived at 11:56 p.m. on Dec. 31, and the other came on Jan. 1, 2017 at midnight.The family was not available for comment.Last year, a baby girl and boy arrived one minute before and two minutes after the New Year at San Diego Kaiser Permanente Zion Medical Center.
By MIKE CHAIKEN
EDITIONS EDITOR
Grab your masks and beads and prepare to party among horses, lions, and dragons.
On Saturday, Feb. 10, Bristol's New England Carousel Museum will hold its annual Mardi Gras party.
“The Mardi Gras party was the brain child of Joan Seguljic, a museum board member and long-time friend and supporter of the museum,” explained Louise DeMars, executive director of the museum. “She recommended that we join forces with the restoration business on the second floor and make it a building-wide event.
“Twenty eight years ago, the Carousel Museum was a tenant in the Riverside Avenue building,” said DeMars. “In 1992, we wanted to produce a new, unique event for Bristol that would bring people out of the winter doldrums and help us pay the bills. “
“Producing a Mardi Gras party proved successful thanks to many people… We were overwhelmed by the public response with over 400 people attending,” said DeMars.
“I vividly remember that it was a packed house and a wild and wonderful time,” said DeMars.
“Everything was donated… The place was jumping and the Mardi Gras committee had their hands full trying to keep up with the demand. It was an enormous amount of work but we had a blast and we were delighted with the success. It was the talk of the town,” said DeMars.
However, DeMars said, “We ran it for a few years and got worn down from the snow storms landing on our event date forcing us to stop doing winter events.”
“In 2013,” said DeMars, “we decided to resurrect the event and again people have come out to support the museum.”
“Now that the museum owns the building, we have more freedom so we have added a Speakeasy to the event, holding a wine and bourbon tasting, face painting, balloon twisting, and other entertainment including Steampunk activities,” said DeMars.
The fundraiser has proven to be a good fit for the museum, said DeMars.
“In order to accomplish the work needed to support our mission statement, to preserve and protect antique wooden carousels and educate the public, we need to find ways to bring in funding to accomplish that goal,” said DeMars. “Museums today need to be creative about how they accomplish that task.”
Besides being an opportunity for the public to be entertained, DeMars said the Mardi Gras party brings in funds to keep the museum operating past the winter when it is generally closed except for special events.
Since its return in 2013, DeMars said the annual event keeps growing. New guests join the fold and old friends return.
As the event continues, DeMars said, the guests have gotten bolder too. Although the museum has always welcomed costumes at the event, these days the number of guests getting into a sartorial Mardi Gras spirit has grown as well.
DeMars said you can wear anything from a full costume, just a mask, or simply wear whatever you're comfortable in. “In addition to costumes, we see everything from cocktail attire with lots of beads and glimmer or your best jeans,” said DeMars.
“This party takes on a life of its own…,” said DeMars.
“(The Feb. 10 event) is a fabulous party with New Orleans style fun with lots of beads and doubloons, music and dancing, King and Queen (being crowned), masks and costumes, dinner, entertainment and the Speakeasy with a bourbon and wine tasting,” said DeMars. “Most importantly, it gives the community the opportunity to come and have a ball while supporting the New England Carousel Museum, a treasure in the Connecticut community.”
The New England Carousel Museum's 28th annual Mardi Gras party will be held on Saturday, Feb. 10, from 7:30 p.m. to midnight.
Tickets are on sale at the Carousel Museum or you may order them by mail, by phone, or on-line. RSVP by Monday, Feb. 5
The cost is $50 per person and pre-paid tables of 8 may be reserved. The event will be held at the New England Carousel Museum, 95 Riverside Ave, Bristol.
For more information or to purchase tickets, contact The New England Carousel Museum at (860) 585-5411 or email manager@thecarouselmuseum.org.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dad left their wife to start an incestuous relationship with their 20-year-old daughter, who has now borne their child.
Steven Pladl, 42, and Katie Pladl are facing criminal charges after police uncovered the horrendous scandal.
It began when Katie, who was given up for adoption at birth in 1998, decided to track down their biological parents when they turned 18.
Using social media, they contacted them and arranged to come and visit in Richmond, West Virginia, in August 2016.
By then the Pladls had two other children.
Within months, Steven's wife, who has not been named, had moved out of the family home and they legally separated.
(Image: Wake County Sheriff)
(Image: Copyright unknown)
(Image: Instagram/your_local_amateur)
They have told police that Steven had begun "sleeping on Katie's floor", according to court documents.
Then in May 2017, the wife read in one of their other children's journals that Katie was pregnant and Steven was the father.
It was around this time that Steven and Katie moved around 150 miles together to Knightdale, North Carolina.
Steven told their other children they should start referring to Katie as their "step-mom".
They also told their wife in a phone call that they and Katie planned to marry, it is claimed.
In November last year, warrants were issued for their arrest.
Last week , the couple were tracked down and charged with incest with adult, adultery, contributing to delinquency.
A baby boy, believed to be Steven and Katie's son, was found with them.
 They are believed to have been born last September and Katie posted a picture of a baby boy on their Facebook page around that time with the caption "Carolina air".
Friends responded with comments such as "Oh my god they are so beautiful".
As recently as January 18, Katie posted a picture of their father Steven feeding their son on Instagram with the caption: "First Feeding #firstsolidfood #baby #fatherandson "
In July last year, Katie posted an image of the pair kissing with the tag which implied they were married.
The picture was tagged "Katie and Steven, July 20th" and Katie added: "Nothing fancy, just love #justmarried #simplewedding #pregnancy "
Didier Hilhorst is a director of design at Uber. In this episode, they share how their graduate degree in economics helped mold them as a designer and, in turn, shape how they and their team redesigned Uber from the ground up.
It's not every day economics and design overlap with one another. But for Didier, they do. They explain how elements usually not thought of as a design tool, such as price, can be used as part of the product experience, not just an afterthought.
Starting a redesign from scratch with a product as large as Uber is no easy task. To help facilitate better communication between designers and engineers, Didier explains how Uber built an internal tool from scratch to help design at scale.
Jared Erondu and Bobby Ghoshal are the hosts of High Resolution. This post and episode notes were put together by freelance writer, Gannon Burgett. Watch for High Resolution episodes to drop every Monday on TechCrunch at 8 a.m. PT. You can also listen on iTunes and Overcast.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Halsey is a survivor.
Related: G-Eazy & Halsey are Ride-or-Die on ‘Him & I'
That's the theme of the pop star's latest music video, “Sorry.”
The clip features a bloodied Halsey stumbling through a post-apocalyptic city street littered with bodies and crashed vehicles after what looks like a multi-car collision.
The clip was co-directed by Halsey and Sing J Lee.
“Sorry” is the latest track from Halsey's most recent full-length, Hopeless Fountain Kingdom.
Watch the video below:
PanARMENIAN.Net - Armenia may bar genetically modified organisms (GMOs). The issue was discussed at the first session of a working group established to ensure biosafety to GMOs in the country, presided over by minister of agriculture Ignati Arakelyan.
A genetically modified organism (GMO) is any organism whose genetic material has been altered using genetic engineering techniques (i.e., a genetically engineered organism)
As a result, those attending the meeting decided that the legislative regulation of the use of GMOs will be guided by "the principle of precaution", given that science has yet to prove their safety, which means that the use of GMOs must be prohibited.
Arakelyan instructed the working group to study the original version of the law on the biosafety of the use of GMOs in Armenia to provide diverse opinions within two weeks.
Debate about the use of GMOs in Armenia erupted after the U.S. Embassy in Yerevan organized a business conference to connect Armenian companies involved in the agricultural sector with the expertise, products, and technology of U.S. companies Valmont and Monsanto.
Following the conference,System Of A Down's Serj Tankian urged Armenia 'to stay clear and free of' Monsanto, an American multinational agrochemical and agricultural biotechnology corporation.
McLaren's CEO Zak Brown says they are taking the necessary measures to return the British outfit to winning ways after news broke that racing director Eric Boullier had left the team.
Editor's Picks McLaren racing director Eric Boullier resigns Eric Boullier has stepped down as McLaren's racing director in the midst of the team's recent struggles in Formula One.
For the fifth consecutive season, McLaren has failed to hit its pre-season targets at the opening races and pressure has built on the team's management after a recent run of poor results. On Wednesday McLaren confirmed Boullier had resigned from their position as racing director and announced a plan to reorganise the structure of the racing team under new sporting director Gil de Ferran, performance director Andrea Stella and team COO Simon Roberts.
Speaking on a conference call with select media, Brown admitted the team had been underperforming for some time.
"Our results this year have demonstrated we have a big performance issues," they said. "We are punching well below our weight given the history, the talent of people, the resources and the technology we have at our disposal.
McLaren CEO Zak Brown accepted Eric Boullier's resignation on Tuesday night. Charles Coates/Getty Images
"We have done a lot of work behind the scenes and we are now taking measures to rebuild McLaren and to make us a race-winning organisation. We know we owe it to our team, we know we owe it to our partners, we know we owe it to the drivers, we know we owe it to the media, and most importantly we know we owe it to our fans.
"I think we all share in the pain of not seeing a McLaren be successful like we know it can be. It's a completely unacceptable situation we find ourselves in, it is very painful for all of us here at McLaren, but the one thing we will not do is quit.
"However, we are not in a good enough place and we expect to be much better. We have announced this big change to get our house in order, we are not going to knee-jerk react -- the team needs a period of stabilisation so we can build a strong foundation. The situation was not created overnight and therefore will not be fixed overnight, so today is our first step in getting back to our winning ways."
Brown said Boullier's resignation had not come as a surprise after mounting pressure on the team in recent weeks.
"Eric's resignation wasn't a surprise," Brown added. "I spend a lot of a time with the team, a lot of time with Eric, he's someone I have known for a long time. Obviously we have been under a lot of pressure and underperforming for too long, so Eric and I have had many conversations around how we can improve McLaren, and so we'd had conversations in the past of what's the best way to do that.
"Ultimately, they want what's best for McLaren as we all do, so when they ultimately made their decision it was not a surprise. It was something we had spoken about in our challenges and potential ways to address them."
INDIANAPOLIS -- Dr. Henry Bock, a pioneering doctor in racing and a key player in creating the SAFER barrier, has died. They were 81.
Indianapolis Motor Speedway officials made the announcement after confirming the death with their caregiver, who was working directly with the family.
Bock served as the track's senior director of medical services from 1982 to 2006. They held the same title with the IndyCar Series from 1996 to 2006 and continued working as a consultant for both after retiring.
Though they developed new treatments for drivers, Bock may be best known for working on the SAFER barriers that have become a staple at American tracks.
In 2000, they received Indiana's prestigious Sagamore of the Wabash distinction.
Bock is survived by a brother, Bob, and a sister, Marianne.
Feb 2(Reuters) - China Resources Double-crane Pharmaceutical Co Ltd
* Says it received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Beijing Food and Drug Administration
* Certificate issued to large volume injection manufactured by the company and the valid period is until Jan. 8, 2023
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/RkQQe4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Country icon Willie Nelson had to cut short a concert in Salt Lake City on Aug. 13 after suffering respiratory issues.
Fortunately, the 84-year-old singer later explained, “The altitude just got to me.”
The 20,000-capacity USANA Amphitheater is located in West Valley City, Utah, a suburb of Salt Lake City, with an altitude of 4,300′.
A statement provided by Nelson's rep read:
“This is Willie. I am very sorry to have to cut the Salt Lake City performance short tonight. The altitude just got to me. I am feeling a lot better now and headed for lower ground.”
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday juxtaposed a high-profile murder case involving an illegal immigrant from Mexico with efforts in Congress to protect undocumented immigrants brought into the United States when they were children.
FILE PHOTO: Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, arrested in connection with the July 1, 2015, shooting of Kate Steinle on a pier in San Francisco is led into the Hall of Justice for their arraignment in San Francisco, California, U.S. on July 7, 2015. REUTERS/Michael Macor/Pool/File Photo
In their weekly radio address, Trump bemoaned this week's acquittal of Jose Ines Garcia Zarate in the murder of Kate Steinle, who was shot as they walked along a San Francisco pier in 2015.
Trump has highlighted the case as an example of the failure of “sanctuary cities,” where local officials do not work with federal authorities to enforce immigration laws. Officials in sanctuary cities argue that is more important for police to gain trust in local immigrant communities.
“Unfortunately, Democrats in Congress not only oppose our efforts to stop illegal immigration and crack down on sanctuary cities – now they are demanding amnesty as a condition for funding the government,” Trump said.
Democrat in Congress, along with some of Trump's fellow Republicans, are trying to enact a law protecting from deportation so-called “Dreamers” - those undocumented immigrants who arrived when they were children.
Under the legislation, these immigrants would be screened for past criminal behavior and would be allowed to remain in the United States without threat of deportation as long as they met certain conditions.
U.S. President Donald Trump steps from Air Force One for a visit to the Civil Rights Museum in Jackson, Mississippi, U.S., December 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
In September, Trump ended former President Barack Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, but called on Congress to pass legislation replacing it by March.
Trump, like many Republicans, argued Obama did not have the authority to use their executive powers to create DACA, which protects about 700,000 immigrants as they work and attend school in the United States.
But they said of the Dreamers, “I have a great heart for the folks we're talking about, a great love for them.”
In their weekly address, however, Trump said, “Every senator and member of congress will have to make a choice: do they want to protect American citizens or do they want to protect criminal aliens?”
Democrats are trying to attach the so-called DACA fix to end-of-year legislation that must be passed to keep the government operating into next year.
Trump and many Republicans in Congress insist that the immigration legislation be divorced from any spending bill that they hope will boost U.S. military funding.
But supporters of the Dream Act fear that it will be too easy for opponents to block its passage as a stand-alone bill.
WME is looking to use Influential's real-time data-crunching platform to help broker new branded-content pacts for its roster of talent clients — and the agency has made a minority investment in the startup as well.
The companies have struck a commercial partnership under which Influential and WME will be co-selling sponsorships to brands and advertising agencies, using Influential's proprietary technology and data. WME will be the initial beta partner for Influential's new offering, Talent Pro, which uses contextual searching, demographic insights, artificial-image recognition, and content alerts to help WME manage its talent base.
In addition, WME will be using Influential's AI paid-media product, called Influential Target, to interpolate first- and third-party data to amplify endorsement deals on social media based on criteria including purchasing behavior, TV data, location and weather data.
“This whole partnership came about as we had been thinking a lot about the future of the commercial-endorsement business we do for talent clients, both on influencer side and very much on the traditional side,” said Chris Jacquemin, WME's head of digital. “I was interested in how technology would impact that side of our business, and we set out to do this in a more dynamic, data-driven way.”
Related WME-GLAAD Panel Focuses on LGBTQ Inclusion in Film, Endeavor Pledges to Boost Representation Lena Waithe Joins GLAAD, WME Panel on LGBTQ Inclusion in Hollywood
WME, in addition to the strategic partnership, also is participating in Influential's Series B investment round; the companies declined to disclose the amount of the investment. To date, Influential has raised $24.5 million in funding. Investors include Paradigm Talent Agency, ECA Ventures, Capital Zed, and Plug and Play Ventures. The startup expects its Series B round to close within the next few weeks.
After conducting due diligence among social-analytics players, WME determined that Influential has engineered “a perfect place for brands and talent to ultimately find each other, in a pretty compelling way,” Jacquemin said. “It struck us that there's nothing really like this out there.” Influential's partnership with WME is not exclusive to the talent agency.
Influential's platform can identify, say, a WME client who may have a smaller audience but “may be spot-on perfect for a given brand,” said Jacquemin. WME uses more than 50 different data resources as part of managing its business, but the Influential partnership will give it a “powerful” data as part of the agency's negotiations with advertisers and agencies, they added.
“This really is exactly how we see the future of commercial endorsement,” Jacquemin said. WME decided to invest in Influential after the initial commercial partnership: “We wanted to play a role in that disruption.”
Ryan Detert, CEO of Influential, said the company feeds billions of data points into its system from sources including YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Snapchat. The company has a partnership with IBM Watson's artificial-intelligence division to process that data.
WME has a “stellar track record of success as the entertainment industry's leading agency,” Detert said. “WME is an ideal partner in helping us identify incremental media spends and deliver the greatest ROI [return on investment] to our brand and agency partners.”
Detert declined to disclose specifics of Influential's finances, but said the company generates “eight figures” of annual revenue at this point (i.e., more than $10 million). The Las Vegas-based company, founded in 2013, has about 80 full-time employees. Its core customers are brands and ad agencies.
Pictured above: Ryan Detert, CEO of Influential
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): The 70th Independence Day of Pakistan was
celebrated in the UAE on Monday with national zeal and fervor.
Most important events were, Flag Hoisting Ceremonies at the premises
of the Embassy of Pakistan, Abu Dhabi and Consulate General of Pakistan in Dubai, said a messege received here from the UAE.
A large number of UAE-based Pakistanis including women and children
attended the ceremonies.
Moazzam Ahmad Khan, Ambassador of Pakistan hoisted the national flag
in Pakistan Embassy, Abu Dhabi.
Independence Day Messages of President and Prime Minister were read
out on the occasion.
The ambassador said the day was being celebrated with the conviction
that it would be a harbinger of political, economic and social stability. They said the independence should also be considered as a day of introspection and to ponder over as how we can re-direct our energies to the development of Pakistan to be able to stand tall among the comity of nations.
They particularly appreciated the UAE leadership's special affiliation
towards Pakistan and said leaders of the two countries were keen on
further strengthening bilateral relations.
The ambassador also lauded the role of the Pakistani community in
supporting the national economy and improving ties between Pakistan and the UAE.
They urged the community to pledge that they would continue to strive
for making Pakistan a strong and prosperous country moving towards the goal of development, with faith and conviction, unity and discipline.
Cake-cutting ceremonies were held at both places to commemorate the
Independence Day.
Independence Day ceremonies concluded with prayers for progress,
prosperity and solidarity of the country.
FREETOWN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sierra Leone's finance minister on Friday played down a decision by the IMF to delay a disbursement because of the West African country's failure to improve revenue collection, saying the fund would return in May to discuss the programme.
The IMF said on a statement on its website on Wednesday it had delayed its disbursement of the second tranche of programme financing “due to a weak budget revenue outlook, where measures that were to be taken under the programme to increase revenue did not yield”.
“The IMF is currently working with the government to identify appropriate corrective measures,” it said.
Finance Minister Momodu Kargbo told Reuters by telephone “there is no suspension of any support to Sierra Leone”, and that the next tranche of its $224 million 5-year programme would be discussed in May when officials from the fund visit Freetown, after a presidential election on March 7.
“Relations between Sierra Leone and the IMF are very normal,” they said.
Both the IMF statement and the minister's comments followed a story in Africa Confidential, a London-based publication, which sited a leaked U.S. diplomatic cable reporting that President Ernest Bai Koroma's government had had its IMF funding suspended because of foot-dragging on reforms such as taxing luxury car imports, and removing subsidies on fuel and rice.
“Two issues are on the table: to float the price of fuel and impose the levy on rice ... By the time of the second review those decisions should be taken,” Kargbo said.
Any reforms that spike the cost of fuel or rice, a basic staple in Sierra Leone, would not be popular with the poor ahead of the election to replace Koruma, who cannot run again but is backing their former foreign minister Samura Kamara as successor.
Sierra Leone depends on exports of diamonds and iron ore for revenue. After recovering from civil war ending in 2002, it saw explosive growth early in this decade, but its economy was then battered by an Ebola epidemic and falling commodity prices. (Reporting by Umaru Fofana; Writing by Tim Cocks; Editing by Alison Williams)
The mogul, who has been accused of sexual harassment,Harvey Weinstein, over the last few decades, has exerted their significant influence over the world of Hollywood filmmaking and entertainment. But, as a reliable and consistent donor for Democratic politicians, their largesse and deep connections have also translated to the world of electoral politics.The mogul was the subject of a New York Times exposé published on Thursday alleging thatWeinstein told the paper that they were taking a leave of absence from their company in order to focus, in part, on their political goals. "I am going to need a place to channel that anger so I've decided that," Weinstein wrote in a statement to the paper.He added: "I hope [NRA executive] Wayne LaPierre will enjoy their retirement party. I'm going to do it at the same place I had my Bar Mitzvah., perhaps we can make it a joint retirement party."Weinstein was a strong supporter of Hillary Clinton's recent presidential run and donated to their political campaigns about 10 times between 1999 and 2016, according to a review of campaign finance records.Weinstein's donations to Clinton over the years total more than $20,000 and span from their successful campaign for U.S. Senate in New York in 2000 to their unsuccessful presidential campaigns of 2007 and 2016. They also donated to their husband's presidential campaigns in the 1990's.More broadly, Weinstein has donated generously to Democratic political candidates, national party campaign committees and state Democratic Party operations over the last few decades. Last year, they also gave $10,000 to a political action committee associated with the advocacy group Human Rights Campaign.On Thursday, after the Times report came out, a spokesperson for Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich's re-election campaign told The Hollywood Reporter that a $5,400 donation from Weinstein in April has been given to a New Mexico non-profit organization that offers a 24-hour hotline for survivors of domestic and sexual violence. The decision to do so was made "as soon as Senator Heinrich learned of these allegations," the campaign representative said. (Sen. Patrick Leahy has also given away a campaign donation from Weinstein.), co-hosted by several A-list actors. They also reportedly attended several other fundraisers for Clinton in New York City during the campaign. Hollywood, generally, was firmly behind Clinton's campaign, so Weinstein was not alone in their support for the former secretary of state.and donated several times to their campaign in 2011 and 2012. Weinstein was considered a "bundler" for Obama's campaign, as they raised $679,275 for it.Obama's daughter, Malia Obama, also recently interned for Harvey Weinstein's company in New York during a break before college.Weinstein, in an interview on CBS in April 2016, expressed a preference for Clinton over their then-rival in the Democratic primary, Sen. Bernie Sanders. "I'd rather go with Hillary's, who's a strong, proven leader," they said at the time. According to an email leaked and published last fall, the Clinton campaign helped prepare Weinstein for the interview.
Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy, Day 3 Round-up: East Zone remain unbeaten
Ishank Jaggi shines for East Zone, while the North Zone all-stars fail to get their team over the line.
@kaushalraj7 by Kaushal Raj News 15 Feb 2017, 16:39 IST
Yuvraj Singh and Shikhar Dhawan couldn't get North Zone over the line
Day 3 of the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy saw some incredible hitting in both games as the East Zone continued their winning start to the tournament, while the heavily fancied North Zone lost their first game.
Jharkand's Ishank Jaggi's sublime 90 was the performance of the day as it helped their team chase down a tough total of 179. Despite strong performances by Ashish Nehra, Yuvraj Singh and Gautam Gambhir, the North Zone fell to a team performance by the Central Zone who also took some remarkable catches.
Also read : Day 1; Day 2 round-ups
East Zone (Win) vs South Zone –
South Zone batted first and did well to post a commanding total of 178. Opener Mayank Agarwal dealt a huge chunk of the damage with a superb 72 off 36 with 9 fours and 3 sixes and they were superbly complimented by Vinay Kumar who surprisingly came in to bat at one down.
Catching the East completely off guard, captain Vinay Kumar scored a blistering 68 off 47 deliveries. However, they couldn't cap off an all-round performance as they were taken for plenty of runs in their 4 overs.
Chasing 179, the East got off to a rocky start as openers Shreevats Goswami and Ishan Kishan fell for 25 and 7 respectively. 28-year-old Ishank Jaggi walked out to bat at one down and played a superb innings of 90 from 51 deliveries with 11 fours and 4 sixes.
Saurabh Tiwary's handy 33 off 23 carried the East over the line and helped them win their second game on the bounce.
Central Zone (Win) vs North Zone –
Central Zone skipper Naman Ojha knew they were up for a big challenge while facing the heavily fancied North Zone that comprised the likes of Gautam Gambhir, Yuvraj Singh, Harbhajan Singh and Ashish Nehra.
Batting first, their knock of 48 from 34 deliveries got their team off to a good start. However, they kept losing partners at the other end and the innings never really gathered steam. It wasn't until Mahesh Rawat who came to bat at No.5 that they got any support. Mahesh scored an unbeaten 57 off 40 balls to take the team to 167.
Chasing 168, North Zone sent out their superstar left-handers Shikhar Dhawan and Gautam Gambhir who put together a tidy 48 run partnership. The innings were rocked when Akshay Warkare took a superb catch in the deep to dismiss Gambhir.
Yuvraj Singh's 33 off 20 deliveries kept the North Zone in the game and they almost pulled off a miraculous win thanks to Manpreet Gony who scored 23 off 9 deliveries. Despite the last two balls going for six off Gony's bat, they fell short by 4 runs.
Brief scores –
South Zone 178/6 in 20 overs (Mayank Agarwal 72, Vinay Kumar 68; Manoj Tiwary 3/31) lost to East Zone 181/4 in 19.4 overs (Ishank Jaggi 90, Saurabh Tiwary 33; Vijay Shankar 1/18) by 6 wickets.
Central Zone 167/7 in 20 overs (Mahesh Rawat 57*, Naman Ojha 48; Ashish Nehra 3/26) beat North Zone 163/6 in 20 overs (Shikhar Dhawan 37, Yuvraj Singh 33; Karn Sharma 3/17) by 4 runs.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - GALLIFORD TRY PLC:
* ‍GALLIFORD TRY PARTNERSHIPS TO DEVELOP £44M SCHEME IN NOTTINGHAM​
* ‍GALLIFORD TRY PARTNERSHIPS HAS FORMED JV WITH METROPOLITAN TO HELP DELIVER 171 NEW HOMES AT WILFORD LANE IN NOTTINGHAM​
* ‍DEVELOPMENT IS EXPECTED TO BE COMPLETED BY JANUARY 2022​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Buy Photo Charoenrat Wisetdee, left, is served by Executive Chef Lien Nguyen at the restaurant in Farmington Hills. (Photo: Photos by Max Ortiz / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Friendly, helpful service is one of the hallmarks of this family-run Vietnamese restaurant tucked into a modest shopping strip. Never fear if you are a newcomer to this fresh, fragrant cuisine. One of the Duong family will make you feel comfortable in the cheerful red-walled room that boasts an array of framed black-and-white photographs of Saigon on one side and lacquer bowls used as artworks on the other.
The all-day menu focuses on the dishes of their southeast Asian country, starting, it almost goes without saying, with the national dish, pho (fuh), in its many varieties. Brimming bowls of beef broth and noodles accompanied by a plate of accessories: fresh Asian basil looking like a small green bouquet, a plate of beans sprouts to be added to taste along with jalapeno pepper rounds, wedges of lime and Sriracha sauce, as well as chopsticks. For any first-timer to the cuisine, pho is almost a requirement.
There are 11 takes on the pho theme, from one version with eye of round and flank steak and meatballs, to another that adds honeycomb tripe, one with simply round steak and another with brisket and round steak. Those who prefer something other than beef may have chicken noodle or shrimp noodle instead, and yes, it takes manual dexterity to dine Vietnamese style without making a total mess, given the slippery noodles, the easy-to-splash broth, the differing shapes of the meats and the inadequacy of the paper napkins. This is a place that cries out for dishtowel napkins.
In addition to the national dish, of course, there's much more on the menu, a lot of it more easily brought to the lips without spills. Appetizers include salad rolls in rice paper wrappers and eggrolls and there are a number of dishes for those who prefer the vegetarian direction, starting with vegetable and tofu egg rolls, fried rice with tofu and vegetables, and tofu curry with steamed rice.
Among house specialties are thin slices of grilled pork and shrimp over rice noodles and vegetables, Vietnamese pancake with shrimp and pork, and such curries as chicken with egg noodles or with rice, and a crispy noodle and beef stir-fry at the top of the price scale at $15. Portions are large across the board.
Vietnamese fare is less fiery than Thai and lighter and more delicate than Chinese.
The list of beverages at Pho Vinh includes a number of fresh fruit drinks, a nice touch. A mix of lemonade and iced tea is appealing. Those who prefer hot drinks will find espresso, served in the Vietnamese style with condensed milk.
abraham67@comcast.net
Pho Vinh
27861 Orchard Lakes at 12 Mile, Farmington Hills
Call: (248) 893-7368
Rating: ★★ 1/2
Hours: 11 a.m.-9 p.m. Tues.-Sun. Closed Mon.
Prices: Appetizers: $5.25-$8.25, vegetarian dishes $9.45-$10.45, pho $9.45 (small)-$10.45 (large), house specialties $10.25-$15, rice plates $11.45-$11.95, vermicelli bowls $8.95-$10.45.
Credit cards: All major
Liquor: No
Noise level: Moderate
Parking: Attached lot
Wheelchair access: No barriers.
What the ratings mean
★ — routine ★★ — good ★★ 1/2 — very good
★★★ — excellent ★★★★ — outstanding
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sqC5iZ
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's top government spokesperson said on Friday that there was no plan to hold another round of economic dialogue with the United States when Vice President Mike Pence visits Tokyo next week.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference that detailed schedules of Pence's stay in Japan are being arranged.
Last October, the two nations held the second round of the economic dialogue led by Japan's Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and their counterpart Pence.
Pence plans to visit Japan before their attendance at the Winter Olympics in South Korea.
After Turkey had unleashed a military operation in the north of Syria it became clear that Erdoğan is ready for decisive actions on this issue. On January 25, the Kurdish command initiated the redeployment of its troops from Deir Ezzor and Al Hasakah to the area of Manbij.
In response to these events, the American authorities began to seek for an output from a current situation. According to our sources in Afrin, Washington accepted the assassination of high-ranking and radical Kurdish field commanders and politicians with the help of the Turkish army in order to prevent further escalation of tension between NATO allies.
Commenting on the Anadolu reports on the redeployment of PYD/PKK fighters from several areas in northeastern Syria to Afrin, Pentagon spokesperson Major Adrian Rankine-Galloway noted that the United States does not control the Syrian democratic forces, and only just provide them with support and make recommendations.
At the same time, the spokesperson specified that if any YPG fighter leaves the battle against ISIS in order to participate in the Afrin operations, Kurds will lose U.S. support. Galloway clarified that this decision will be applied to the situation around Afrin and At Tanf.
Inside Syria Media Center continues to monitor the developments around Afrin. Probably, we should be ready for new victims. It is likely that some Kurdish politicians and field commanders will be assassinated. If this really happens, the U. S. will once again show that the Kurds are just a bargaining chip for them.
*
This article was originally published by Inside Syria Media Center.
Quarterback Justin Fields, the No. 1-ranked prospect in the country, is staying home.
Fields, a 6-foot-3, 221-pound dual-threat from Kennesaw, Georgia, committed to the Georgia Bulldogs on Friday morning at a school pep rally, ending a recruitment that had been trending that direction since August.
They selected Georgia over Florida State, Auburn, LSU and Alabama after making a number of visits to various programs since June, with the Seminoles having been the top competition throughout the summer.
Editor's Picks Adding No. 1 Justin Fields puts Georgia one step closer to Alabama's level The Bulldogs added the top player and top QB in 2018. UGA's performance and building recruiting dominance is getting it closer to contender status.
Georgia LB Patrick arrested on pot charges Georgia junior linebacker Natrez Patrick could be facing a four-game suspension following their second arrest on marijuana charges in three years. 1 Related
The one-time Penn State commit made trips to Georgia, Florida State, LSU, Florida, Auburn and Alabama since decommitting from the Nittany Lions on June 6. Fields had been on campus at Georgia a handful of times since then, including the Bulldogs' blowout wins over Samford and Mississippi State in September.
In the 13 years that ESPN has ranked prospects, the Under Armour All-America Game selection becomes the first No. 1 overall prospect to pick Georgia. Fields joins Matthew Stafford (Class of 2006) as quarterbacks ranked in the top five overall to pick Georgia.
Fields' commitment marks the third time in four years that Georgia has landed the state's top-ranked prospect, joining defensive tackle Trenton Thompson (2015) and DeAngelo Gibbs (2017).
After signing 13 of the top 24 prospects from inside the state in February, the Bulldogs have gotten off to a slower start this recruiting season, with Fields being just the second ranked verbal for UGA from in-state prospects. Kirby Smart and the Bulldogs' staff, however, are expecting a very strong finish to the class.
Fields becomes the 15th overall commitment for the Bulldogs. Smart and their staff are now positioned to make a run at signing back-to-back top-five classes with more than 10 ESPN 300 targets still in play, including No. 5 K.J. Henry, No. 27 Deontrey Hill, No. 28 Jamaree Salyer, No. 43 Tyreke Johnson, No. 57 James Cook and No. 58 Adam Anderson.
When asked about the controversy surrounding the separation of migrant children from their parents, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau remarked that “this is not the way we do things in Canada.” He's right, to a certain extent. The situation in Canada is not as stark as what we're seeing in the United States where more than 2,900 children have been detained between May and June alone. Yet a total of 595 minors have been detained at Canadian immigration holding centres in the past three years. Forty-three were unaccompanied by an adult.
A child at a temporary refugee camp near Lacolle, Quebec, in August, 2017. The confinement of even one child should be unacceptable to every single one of us, particularly as we recall with shame this country's legacy of residential schools, write Hassan Yussuff. ( MARTIN TREMBLAY / La Presse )
We need to be asking why children — including Canadian citizens — are being held in jail-like detention facilities at all in this country, even if it's with a parent. We should also be wondering how confining people who have committed no crime is impacting the workers tasked with placing them in conditions no one would want for their own families. I can't help but imagine how I would feel if my 9-year-old daughter was held in a facility where they had little access to fresh air, education, and was constantly monitored by security personnel. The confinement of even one child should be unacceptable to every single one of us, particularly as we recall with shame this country's legacy of residential schools.
Article Continued Below
Any policy of detention — even as a “last resort,” as outlined in Canada's Immigration and Refugee Protection Act — must be treated as a violation of the human rights of children. Furthermore, there has been no discussion about the impact of harmful policies, even when unintended, on the workers who have to implement a system of rules that potentially hurt much more than they help. It needn't be this way at all. In a 2017 proposal titled, Ending immigration detention of children, the Canadian Council of Refugees called for a series of amendments that include providing “community-based alternatives to detention for families” and providing “designated representatives to separated children” so that someone is always looking out for them. The government has made some progress on these issues but must continue to bring a human rights lens to all of its immigration policies. Any adjustments should include re-examining the “Safe Third Country Agreement” which requires migrants entering Canada through the United States to be turned back to have their refugee claims heard south of the border. It is clear that America's new immigration policies fail the safety test.
“We should make crystal clear that we will not be complicit in (Mr. Trump's) mistreatment of refugees,” wrote Lloyd Axworthy, former foreign affairs minister and currently chair of the World Refugee Council, in a recent commentary piece. The “we” in their statement includes our border and immigration agents who are dedicated to protecting our country and to serving its people. We shouldn't require them to do anything we wouldn't want to have done to our children. Hassan Yussuff is the president of the Canadian Labour Congress (CLC).
W hen I started my psychiatric training we were taught what were called the five stages of grief – first described by Elisabeth Kübler-Ross, a famous American psychiatrist. The bereaved, we were told, would shift through ­“denial, anger, bargaining and depression” like the gears of a car, before.... telegraph 4:57:00 AM CEST
Nerf's new N-Strike Elite RaptorStrike is one of the most satisfying blasters we've ever gotten our hands on. And we're here to give you a sneak peak of what it has to offer.
Gizmodo is on a mission to to check out the best new blasters in Australia. The NEW N-Strike Elite RaptorStrike features darts designed for greater accuracy! Hit the mark with the precision of Nerf's most accurate dart.
What is the Nerf N-Strike Elite Accustrike RaptorStrike?
The RaptorStrike is part of Nerf's 2017 Accustrike series. Like the name suggests, Accustrike is supposed to be more accurate than previous blasters. A big part of this are the redesigned darts, which have spiraled, rifled tips.
Don't worry though, the RaptorStrike will still take your arsenal of classic Elite darts — but they won't have that extra level of improved accuracy.
The main features of the RaptorStrike include:
Greater Accuracy
Bolt-action
Extendable bipod
Pop-up sight
18 AccuStrike darts
Sticking with the Accustrike aesthetic, the RaptorStrike comes in bright orange with matte greys along the handgrip, bolt, stock and extendable bipod. The two clips come in white, and there are also white accents to compliment the grey on the stock — and a see-through section so you can check how many darts you have in reserve.
For such a large blaster, assembly is surprisingly easy. It comes in four main pieces out of the box — all you have to install is the bolt and the extendable bipod and insert your additional clip into the stock. Voila!
What's it like?
In short — really fun to use!
When it comes to firing, the RaptorStrike is probably the most satisfying Nerf blaster I've used. Pulling back the bolt *feels* good. Plus, it fires really quickly, which I didn't actually expect from something that is bolt-action.
The bipod adds extra stability for when you're you're going into sniper mode. Which makes sense because the size and build certainly makes the blaster seem like it was built for this function. The fact that the bipod is extendable also means that you have options for how high you set it, which is a neat feature. However, we did find that they aren't the smoothest to unlock at times. It can take a little wiggling, even with the button release mechanism.
The pop-up sight is interesting, as it has clearly been added for Nerf enthusiasts who are serious about accuracy. However, the plastic itself isn't magnifying and only includes arrows on the side. Without a centre marker or line segment you may not be able to pinpoint a target as closely as you would like to.
Also, unlike previous blasters in Nerf's N-Strike series, including the Alphahawk, there is no top rail to add your own tactical scope. The bipod inclusion implies that this blaster can be used for sniping situations, which is when you're really going to want that greater accuracy.
One could argue that if you're using AccuStrike darts there's no need to add a scope. But again, the Alphahawk had one. That being said, some might say that tactical scopes are useless in general, so it doesn't really matter. Regardless, the RaptorStrike has a built-in pop-up sight, so you can use it if you want.
The Raptorstrike gifts you with two triggers within the guard — one for firing and one for releasing the magazine. The idea is that in one fluid movement you can fire and then push your finger forward to release an empty mag. It's a cool concept, but does take some getting used to comfort-wise.
Speaking of which, the grip feels really nice to hold — the rubber grooving really secures your hand position and prevents slippage when you're in a tight spot.
If you're like me and often forget if your blaster is ready to fire, the priming-indicator above the trigger will let you know. If you see a green strip, you know it's primed and ready to go. If not, pull back that bolt.
Having an extra clip in the stock is also a cool feature. Once you know your way around the RaptorStrike a little better there's no reason why you can't release your empty clip and reload the new one in a couple of quick movements. It's really convenient and I wish I had that when I was at Zedtown.
As we discovered with our Alphahawk accuracy test, the AccuStrike darts live up to their name once again. This is mostly due to the fact that the accuracy itself comes down to the darts, not the blaster. Once again, when we tested the AccuStrikes against the Elites, we got a much better result with the former.
All in all, the RaptorStrike is really fun to play around with. If you're a fan of big blasters that can shoot fast and accurately (with the right ammo of course) you'll enjoy it. You'll be able to get your hands on one of these bad boys in September and it will retail for $99.99.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's their hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon themselves to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing their own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actor Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share their very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian themselves has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing their response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping they hold onto this edgy new style for a while.
Islamabad
Ministry of Housing and Works will construct around 500, 000 housing units for the low income families throughout the country under Apna Ghar Scheme. ‘Presently, there is a shortfall of approximately 9-10 million houses in the country and the present government is making concerted efforts to bridge the gap,' an official in the Ministry of Housing and Works told APP.
Under the scheme, they said, the government would provide houses to homeless and shelterless families by constructing low-cost units on state land in different localities. ‘To ensure cost effective access to credit for housing, the government will pick up a portion of the financing cost as subsidy,' the official added.—APP
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Fulham striker Leroy Rosenior believes that Ryan Sessegnon should stay at the club despite strong interest from Tottenham Hotspur.
Sessegnon has enjoyed a sensational season for the Cottagers with 15 goals and six assists and they were recognised at the EFL Awards as the best player in the Championship.
The England under-21 international was also named in the Championship PFA team of the year for the second consecutive season.
The 17-year-old is wanted by a host of top Premier League clubs with a bidding war expected in the summer as Spurs, Liverpool, Man City, Manchester United look to make their moves.
However, speaking exclusively to BristolLive, Rosenior explained that playing regular football in the Championship or Premier League with Fulham would be best for the youngster's development.
(Image: PA)
"I look at Sessegnon, who has won so many awards in recent weeks, and you can see that they want to get into the Premier League with Fulham.
"But this is their second full season with the club and they know that the experience of playing is so much more important.
"You look at Dele Alli as an example. They had three or four good seasons at MK Dons before going to Spurs and hitting the ground running. There's no reason that Ryan can't do the same"
Rosenior understands that Sessegnon's family is pushing for the teenager to remain at Craven Cottage despite Spurs and their rivals planning big-money moves in the summer.
(Image: Rogan Thomson/JMP)
They added: "I hear rumours about Tottenham interest.
"He's been strongly linked with Spurs with Danny Rose having their problems there. But I do hear that they have a very stable family who desperately want them to stay with Fulham to progress their career.
"That would give them the opportunity to develop very nicely at a fantastic football club.
"Sometimes it's best to stay at a Championship club and play 30 to 40 games in a season rather than sitting on the bench in the Premier League or in the under-23s.
"He needs to be playing and to be in an environment where they feel comfortable makes sense. My message to them is not to go too early."
The cash-strapped Modimolle-Mookgophong municipality in Limpopo could find itself with no assets after its goods, including vehicles, were attached by a creditor yesterday.
The troubled municipality, which has already seen workers down tools over unpaid May salaries, had a court sheriff arrive at its property to attach goods for failing to pay a service provider.
The municipality, which was formed after the merger of Modimolle and Mookgopong municipalities after the 2016 local government elections, allegedly owed the law firm Mphoke PK Magane Incorporated more than R1.8-million.
A court order Sowetan has seen, dated May 25, directed the sheriff of the high court, to attach and take into execution the municipality's movable goods. The order directs for a public auction to be held in order to raise the sum of R1.8-million, with interest thereon at the rate of 10% per annum.
Sowetan has reliably learnt that a refuse removal truck, two Nissan Hardbody bakkies and a sedan belonging to the municipality were attached.
Other vehicles, including the official mayoral car, were also being located to be seized.
The sheriff, Ben Rakgotho, refused to comment, saying they were executing the mandate of the court.
Municipality spokesperson Patrick Shika confirmed receipt of the attachment order from the sheriff.
"So far we have lost eight cars to the sheriff and we do not know how we are going to recover them. We need a bailout from the provincial treasury to pay our creditors," said Shika, who confirmed that the municipality was bankrupt.
"We need about R3.7-million for the salaries of our officials in Mookgophong."
They said they were working hard to ensure the officials got paid before the end of this month.
"We have since collected revenue and are going to ensure payment to our officials. As for the other properties we will see how to recover them."
Sowetan has also seen a letter of demand for payment from another service provider, MunSoft, amounting to R1.4-million for services rendered without pay.
Marlins CEO Derek Jeter reiterates that the trade made with the Yankees was the best deal for the organization. (0:36)
LAKE BUENA VISTA, FLA. -- Miami Marlins CEO Derek Jeter said they are fully satisfied with their team's trade of reigning NL MVP Giancarlo Stanton to the Yankees for All-Star second baseman Starlin Castro and two Single-A prospects.
"No, there isn't anything I would do differently," Jeter said after the trade became official on Monday.
During a half-hour conference call, Jeter tried to explain their thinking for trading Stanton, who controlled the process because they are owed $295 million over the next 10 years and could veto any trade. Jeter said Stanton made it clear that they did not want to be part of rebuild, so it was best for the organization to move on.
Editor's Picks For Derek Jeter, facing fallout from the Giancarlo Stanton deal, it's a whole new ballgame The Captain delivered five championship banners in the Bronx, but by trading the Marlins' biggest superstar -- to the Yankees, of all teams -- Miami's new CEO will be raising a different flag in South Beach in 2018: a white one.
Jeter sounded displeased by the suggestion the deal was not a good one. They were asked directly about the three players their team received for the 28-year-old Stanton.
"So little in return? You mean, in terms of quantity?" Jeter said. "We have people in place whose job is to know about talent, and I think they would disagree with you. We think we got some good prospects in return, and now it is up to us as an organization to help develop them. You are right, it is the National League Most Valuable Player, I don't care what prospects you get back, they won't be household names for our fan base."
Neither pitcher Jorge Guzman nor infielder Jose Devers was considered a top prospect. Gary Denbo, the Marlins' director of player development, was in charge of the Yankees' minor leagues before joining Jeter.
The Marlins will owe the Yankees' $30 million as part of the transaction. In most cases, the more money Miami would send, the better talent they would receive in return.
The best trade of the three options, Jeter said, was with the Yankees. Jeter did not note that Stanton vetoed possible deals to the San Francisco Giants and St. Louis Cardinals.
Derek Jeter said getting rid of Giancarlo Stanton's contract will allow the Marlins to build an organization from top to bottom. Jasen Vinlove/USA TODAY Sports
Jeter, whose number is retired by the Yankees, scoffed at the suggestion that they wanted to help their former club, which is backed up by the fact that they and the team have had barely any relationship since they retired, except for some Monument Park ceremonies honoring them and some of their teammates.
Trading the remaining 10 years and $295 million of Stanton's contract, Jeter said, will give the Marlins flexibility to build the organization from top to bottom.
"We are going to invest in building this organization the right way so we can, year in and year out, be able to compete," Jeter said.
The Marlins have also dealt Dee Gordon to the Mariners. In that trade, the Marlins saved $38 million. There are reports that they could trade Castro.
"We are trying to fix something that is broken," Jeter said.
Jeter disagreed with any perception that Stanton was not kept in the loop about trade talks. Jeter said there was "constant communication" between team president Michael Hill and Stanton. Jeter said they also spoke with Stanton and their agent during their process and even met Stanton in person.
In today's roundup, “The Gong Show” is holding open casting calls for contestants and “The Bachelor Winter Games” will have a reunion special.
CASTING
ABC's “The Gong Show” is searching for unusually talented and unique performers to see if they have what it takes to appear on the show's second season! The show is searching one-of- a-kind and original acts that could lead to a performance on “The Gong Show” stage in front of a celebrity-filled judging panel and viewers across the country. Potential contestants can apply online at http://www.gongshowcasting.com or attend an open casting in at the Flapper's Comedy Club in Los Angeles on Saturday, March 24. A parent/legal guardian must submit on a minor's behalf.
SPECIALS
“The Bachelor Winter Games: World Tells All,” a reunion special, will air on on Feb. 22 at 10 p.m. EST, on The ABC Television Network, streaming and on demand. Following “The Bachelor Winter Games” finale, the special, hosted by Chris Harrison, will reunite the bachelors and bachelorettes from around the world who participated in the winter-themed iteration of the hit romance reality franchise.
DATES
The interactive and multiplatform coverage that fans of “Big Brother” love will return for “Big Brother: Celebrity Edition“, the first-ever celebrity edition of “Big Brother” in the U.S. This season marks the debut of “Big Brother Bot,” the first messaging experience in the show's history, and the return of the popular live feeds on CBS All Access. Powered by Imperson, fans will be able to access the messenger bot exclusively through Facebook, Kik and Skype to interact with the series like never before. “Big Brother Bot” will allow fans to cast votes, ask the bot questions about the status of the game and more, get highlights of what's happening in episodes and the live feed, and participate in “Big Brother”-centric quizzes and polls The season's three-day premiere will begin on Feb 7 and 8 from 8 to 9 p.m. ET/PT and on Feb. 9 from 8 to 10 ET/PT on CBS. The show will run for three weeks before a two-hour season finale on Feb. 25 at 8 p.m. ET/PT.AWARD SHOWS
The family of Matthew Staikos have released a statement saying they are mourning the loss of the tech startup CEO, who was killed in a shooting Monday night. The CEO behind a Toronto-based startup called Vleepo and a former BlackBerry employee was shot and killed late Monday night. Staikos, 37, of Toronto, was found dead at the scene after Toronto Police responded to witness reports of a shooting at Bay St. and Yorkville Ave. around 11:30 p.m.
Matthew Staikos, 37, of Toronto, was shot and killed in Yorkville on Tuesday night. ( TORONTO POLICE PHOTO )
“Our family is mourning the sudden loss of our beloved Matthew,” the family said in a written statement Wednesday. “We ask that you respect the privacy of our family as we cope with this tragedy.” On Twitter, Staikos described themselves as a tech junkie, entrepreneur, investor and traveller. According to their LinkedIn account, Staikos has been CEO of Vleepo Inc. since May 2015, with a software team based out of Greece. Vleepo is described on its website as a “new messaging platform that is redefining what group chat should be.”
Article Continued Below
According to a bio on ellines.com, Staikos was born in 1980 and graduated from the Mechanical and Computer Engineering School of the University of Toronto. As an undergraduate, they and their brother George founded Torch Mobile in 2003, with subsidiaries in Beijing. Six years later Torch Mobile was acquired by BlackBerry parent company Research in Motion, where Staikos became the technical director of web technologies for Blackberry, according to their LinkedIn. They left in July 2013. “I never thought he'd leave us so quickly, so unjustly ... I read and reread the news in Canadian media and I don't want to accept that this wonderful man and friend will no longer be among us,” Greek ambassador to Canada Dimitris Azemopoulos wrote in a Facebook post early Wednesday morning. “Sometimes it is impossible to express the anguish of our soul. One of these times is also for me tonight writing these lines for my friend Matthew.” The suspect is described as black, 5-foot-10 with a medium build. They fled the area in a vehicle described as a silver or grey four-door Mercedes.
Staikos's death is the latest in a rash of shootings across the city over a 30-hour period. At around the same time Monday night, another shooting occurred near Yorkdale Shopping Centre; A man in their 20s was taken to hospital with serious, but non-life-threatening injuries, paramedics say. Just a day earlier, four separate shootings rocked the city. Three people were hurt and Venojan Suthesan, a 21-year-old York University student, was killed at Lester B. Pearson Collegiate Institute in Scarborough.
Article Continued Below
No suspect information has been released for any of the Sunday night shootings. According to police stats, there have been 162 shootings and 215 victims this year as of Sunday, an 11 per cent increase from the same time last year. Toronto police statistics show that in 2017, there were 145 shooting occurrence and 212 victims. With files from Ilya Banares, The Canadian Press
Read more about:
OTTAWA — The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday, but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter.
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country's big banks — at 1.25 per cent.
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment, but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market "continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates."
"Going forward, solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018," it said.
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track, but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies.
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target, but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data.
"In particular, the bank will continue to assess the economy's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity," it said.
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday, but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year.
The central bank's statement had "a hawkish tone, suggesting the next rate hike is not far off," said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto.
"All told, the positives seem to outweigh the negatives," DePratto wrote in a note to clients.
“Guardians Of The Galaxy” star Dave Bautista has been cast in Bold Films' action-comedy “Dogtown.
Kyle Ward has been hired to pen the script based on Jason Pearson's comic books, “Body Bags.” The series was first published in 1996 by Dark Horse Comics.
Set in the fictional city of Terminus, Ga., the story followed a father-daughter team of assassins — Mack Delgado (aka “Clownface”) and their overzealous teenage daughter, Panda, who constantly seeks their father's respect and permission to go out on jobs with their father and their longtime body-bagging partner.
Hivemind's Jason Brown and Sean Daniel will produce alongside Bold Films' Michel Litvak, Gary Michael Walters, David Litvak and Jon Oakes. Bautista, Rawson Thurber and Jonathan Meisner will executive produce with Bold Films' Josh Throne and Svetlana Metkina.
Bautista is a former wrestler and mixed martial artist who broke out in 2014's “Guardians of the Galaxy” as Drax the Destroyer. They then starred in the sequel, as well as “Avengers: Infinity War.” Other projects include “Blade Runner 2049” and the upcoming “Hotel Artemis” from Global Road Entertainment.
Bold Films producing credits include “Whiplash,” “Nightcrawler,” “Shot Caller,” “Stronger” and “The Neon Demon.”
Bautista is repped by Gersh, MSK's Jay Rosenthal and Meisner Entertainment Group. The news was first reported by Deadline.
NHL
Senators sign forward Paajarvi to one-year contract extension
OTTAWA — The Ottawa Senators signed forward Magnus Paajarvi to a $900,000 US, one-year contract extension Wednesday. The 27-year-old Swede had six goals and two assists in 35 games with the Senators last National Hockey League season after being claimed off waivers from the St. Louis Blues. Paajarvi spent four-plus seasons with the Blues after beginning their career with a three-season run with the Edmonton Oilers. In 387 career NHL regular-season games, Paajarvi has 105 points (51-54) and 72 penalty minutes. Paajarvi, who was drafted by the Oilers with the 10th overall pick in 2009, helped Sweden win gold at the recent world hockey championship in Denmark. They had three goals over 10 games.
NBA
Magic hire Clifford as head coach
Steve Clifford was announced Wednesday as the new coach of the Orlando Magic, returning to a National Basketball Association franchise that's missed the playoffs in each of the past six years. Clifford spent the last five years as coach of the Charlotte Hornets before getting fired at the end of this season. They were an assistant in Orlando from 2007 to '12 on Stan Van Gundy's staff. He's the first major hire made by Magic president Jeff Weltman, who took over the club a year ago after the team fired Rob Hennigan and ended their five-year run. Clifford is replacing Frank Vogel, who was let go after two seasons. Clifford went 196-214 with the Hornets.
BASEBALL
Indians still working out treatment plan for Miller's knee
CLEVELAND — The Cleveland Indians are working on a treatment plan for all-star reliever Andrew Miller's sore right knee. Miller, on the disabled list for the second time this major-league baseball season, visited a specialist on Tuesday in New York. Manager Terry Francona said Wednesday they intend to meet with Miller, the team's medical staff and president Chris Antonetti to "map out what we want to do." Antonetti says that surgery is not currently an option. Miller, 33, played catch in the outfield before Wednesday's game against the Chicago White Sox. One of baseball's most dominant relievers, Miller hasn't been effective since coming off the DL on May 11. They opened the season with 10 scoreless innings before hurting their left hamstring.  They are 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
TENNIS
Serena launches fashion collection of their own
NEW YORK — Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in their first major tennis tournament in 16 months, dressed in a black "warrior princess" catsuit, no less. But don't look for their French Open outfit among the athleisure, office and evening clothes on their new namesake website, the only place their duds are available. Following collaborations with HSN and Nike, Williams' "Serena" line includes an "S'' motif and comfortable price points. The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs, along with a T-shirt with the name of their childhood home, Compton. They say they hope to inspire women to own their own "s'' words, like strong, sexy, sophisticated, sassy, smart, silly and spontaneous. Prices range from $40 for the logo T-shirt to $215 for a gold and black anorak jacket.
GOLF
Quicken Loans to sponsor new PGA Tour event in Detroit
DETROIT — The PGA Tour is returning to the Detroit area after a 10-year absence. Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a new PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next year. Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played, though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open. The tour said Wednesday the tournament is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club, a Donald Ross design. As part of the deal, the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this summer, the tournament outside Washington that is run by the Tiger Woods Foundation.
Michigan had the Buick Open from 1958 through 2009, a tournament that Woods won three times.
FIGURE SKATING
Four Continents championships returning to U.S.
ANAHEIM, Calif. — The ISU Four Continents figure skating championships are returning to the U.S. for the first time in seven years. The meet is scheduled for Feb. 7-10 at Honda Center in Anaheim, Calif., home to the National Hockey League's Ducks. The competition in singles, pairs and ice dancing features skaters from the Americas, Asia, Africa and Oceania. The event was last held in the U.S. in 2012 at Colorado Springs, Colo. The U.S. also hosted in '06, '07 and '11.
BOXING
Lomachenko has shoulder surgery, wants to fight this year
LOS ANGELES — Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in their right shoulder. The two-time Olympic gold medallist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year, according to a statement Wednesday from their promoter. Lomachenko (11-1, 9 KOs) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache. Lomachenko says they hurt their shoulder during the second round of their 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend their WBA lightweight title. ElAttrache says Lomachenko had an "extensive" tear in their labrum along with cartilage damage, but the surgeon believes Lomachenko will make a full recovery. Lomachenko initially planned to fight again Aug. 25, but won't make that date while recovering.
NBA
Callahan, Mauer lead referee selections for finals
OAKLAND, Calif. — Veterans Mike Callahan and Ken Mauer, along with first-timer David Guthrie, are among the 12 referees who have been selected to work the National Basketball Association finals. Callahan has worked 19 games in the finals and Mauer has worked 18. This will be the 15th finals appearance for Callahan and the 13th for Mauer. Other referees who will be on the floor during the Golden State-Cleveland series that starts Thursday are Tony Brothers, James Capers, Marc Davis, Scott Foster, John Goble, Ed Malloy, Jason Phillips, Derrick Stafford and Zach Zarba. Guthrie is the only referee who will be making their finals debut this year. Eric Lewis and Tom Washington were selected as alternates.
News services
News services
A 35-year ban on cinemas in Saudi Arabia has been overturned as the Kingdom's efforts to liberalize gain pace, and commercial movie theaters are expected to open as soon as next March. A resolution allowing the Culture Ministry to license commercial cinemas has been passed, and the licensing process started for new theaters.
Cinemas were banned in the 1980s as they were considered a threat to religious and cultural identity. Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has been driving a program of social and economic reforms under the Vision 2030 banner, and rescinding the cinema ban is part of that drive. Saudi authorities were bullish on the long-term prospects for the cinema business in in the Kingdom and said they anticipated 300 movie theaters opening, and there being 2,000 screens by 2030.
Culture minister Awwad Alawwad said the process of licensing cinemas was already underway and this was a “watershed moment” in terms of Saudi Arabia's cultural sector. “Opening cinemas will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification; by developing the broader cultural sector we will create new employment and training opportunities, as well as enriching the Kingdom's entertainment options,” Alawwad said in a statement.
The industry welcomed the move. “I think over the next few months there will be quite a few changes [in Saudi]; lots of exciting things coming up,” said Dubai Film Festival general manager Shivani Pandya. “Everybody is excited because it's expected to open up a huge market,” they added.
“It's a huge population that basically has nothing to do,” said Karim Atassi, who handles business development for Middle East exhibition chain Cinemacity, which is currently in talks to developing several sites in several Saudi malls. “Everyone on the exhibition side is racing to get their foot in…the most important thing is who gets there first.”
Atassi specified that the sites they plan to build will have separate seating sections for women and children, and for men.
Back in February, YouTube gave people the ability to live stream directly to their channel from their phones… with one catch: it was only open to folks with 10,000 subscribers or more.
If you've been dying to hop on the live streaming train but haven't hit that 10k mark yet, good news: they've dropped the requirement to 1,000 subscribers as opposed to 10,000. It's still not open to everyone, but that's a considerably smaller hurdle.
The change quietly happened sometime in the past few days, but got swept up amongst the April Fools' noise that comes with changing anything near the beginning of this month. A support page confirms the change, and a rep from YouTube confirmed that it should be open to everyone with 1,000 subscribers or more — not a random pool.
So why not just open it to everyone, regardless of subscriber count? A few possible reasons:
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Zipping up your own wetsuit can prove rather tricky from time to time.
But luckily for Samantha Cameron , husband David was there to lend a hand when they hit the waves in Cornwall.
The former Prime Minister is enjoying some time off after leaving Downing Street.
And what could be better for the Camerons than indulging in their favourite past time?
David, 50, stood dressed and ready to get out on the water, but SamCam, 46, required a little extra help.
(Image: Matthew Jordan)
(Image: Matthew Jordan)
(Image: Matthew Jordan)
(Image: Matthew Jordan)
They stood by the side of the water and leaned forward as their hubby zipped them into their full length wetsuit.
And once everyone was dressed for the occasion, it was surf's up for the couple as they plunged into the water at Polzeath during the family's annual summer break in Cornwall last week.
Armed with bodyboards, David and Sam made their way to the waves and paddled out before attempting to get on their feet.
Pretty Sam was all smiles as they waked along the sand with their board under their arm and David looked to be in their element as they enjoyed their holiday.
(Image: Matthew Jordan)
(Image: Matthew Jordan)
(Image: Matthew Jordan)
(Image: Matthew Jordan)
(Image: Matthew Jordan)
SamCam in particular has been very busy lately, launching their own clothing label and welcoming Harper's Bazaar magazine into their Oxfordshire home for a photoshoot, in which they modelled their own creations.
Cornwall has been a regular haunt for the Camerons for years, with them holidaying there every summer since David first took on the job at No 10 in 2010.
Their youngest child, Florence, was even born at the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro during one of their breaks.
Members of the Canadian Armed Forces carry cots to the newly erected tents they assembled to help deal with the influx of asylum seekers near the border in Lacolle, Quebec. In the first half of 2017, more than 4,300 asylum seekers walked across the...more
Members of the Canadian Armed Forces carry cots to the newly erected tents they assembled to help deal with the influx of asylum seekers near the border in Lacolle, Quebec. In the first half of 2017, more than 4,300 asylum seekers walked across the U.S. border into Canada. Even before the flow of Haitian asylum seekers Canada was on track to have the most refugee claims in almost a decade. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Close
Call of Duty: WWII is one of the most anticipated titles of the year; after three years of jet-packing the franchise returns to its roots of boots-on-the-ground action.
On the heels of the CWL Champs tournament (congratulations, Optic Gaming!), Activision and Sledgehammer have announced that the private beta for CoD: WWII will go live on August 25, and have concurrently released a trailer for the multiplayer beta.
The beta will be available on PS4, and will include some of the same content we saw at E3 this year, including three maps and a new game mode called War Mode.
You can check out the beta trailer below and you can check out our interview with Sledgehammer boss Michael Condrey right here.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Banca IFIS SpA:
* SAYS COMPLETED ACQUISITION OF 100% IN CAP.ITAL.FIN S.P.A. FOR ABOUT EUR 2 MILLION Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The Coast Guard warning of potentially hazardous weather conditions on Lake Michigan throughout the weekend.
A gale watch has been issued beginning Friday morning until Saturday night and into Sunday morning.
The watch is issued when the risk of winds of 39 to 54 mph has significantly increased, but the specific timing for when a location will be at risk is uncertain, according to the National Weather Service.
The watch is meant to give mariners time to consider altering their plans.
People visiting Lake Michigan should use caution while the gale watch remains in effect. Officials also warn visitors to stay off rocks, jetties and piers, as high waves and heavy surf can unexpectedly sweep a person into the water.
Staying aware of weather conditions could easily save your life, officials said. Even after hazardous weather patterns have moved through the area, it can still take an additional day for lake conditions to calm.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Deputy Assistant Secretary US Department of State Nancy Izzo Jackson visited Bokra Government School for Boys at I-12 Settlement here on Friday and met with Afghan refugee students.
During the visit, the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) briefed Deputy Assistant Secretary about the school that started accepting Afghan students in 2016 after advocacy by UNHCR, said a press release.
The Bokra Government School is the only government primary school located in the vicinity of I-12 Afghan settlement that offers free education from Kindergarten to Grade five.
Deputy Assistant Secretary Izzo Jackson appreciated the notion that the number of Afghan refugee students has increased at the school, and the school is also encouraging girls' enrollment due to non-availability of girls' school there.
The United States is the largest, contributor to UNHCR, they said, adding that the U.S. government has been working with UNHCR to support the projects that enhance educational opportunities for Afghan and Pakistani children, strengthen cultural ties, and build a shared future between Afghanistan and Pakistan.
UNHCR representatives informed Izzo Jackson that it has obtained the approval from Federal Directorate of Education Islamabad for construction of extra classrooms in the school while the design of building has already been devised and the consultant has been identified through call-of-interest to monitor the progress of the construction.—APP
Related
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plan to provide health insurance for about half the country would require an estimated 110 billion rupees ($1.7 billion) in central and state funding each year, sources familiar with the matter said.
The National Health Protection Scheme, which the government dubs "Modicare", was announced in Thursday's budget for 2018/19 and would provide 100 million families, or about 500 million poor people, with health cover of 500,000 rupees per year for free treatment of serious illnesses.
Several states now offer health insurance but these schemes are generally small and poorly implemented. Modi faces a national election next year and the new health programme is seen as a signature initiative to woo voters in the countryside, many of whom struggle with high healthcare costs.
The government estimates the cost of insuring each family under the new scheme at about 1,100 rupees ($17.15), said a government official who had direct knowledge of the matter and did not want to be identified.
Officials at NITI Aayog, India's federal think tank, on Friday said the government's estimated premium for insuring each family would be 1,000-1,200 rupees, confirming the funding would be shared between federal and state governments.
“This is a turning point for the health sector,” Vinod K. Paul, a member of NITI Aayog, told reporters.
Indian officials have said “the world's largest government funded health care programme” would have a central allocation of 20 billion rupees in 2018-19, but added that more funds would be made available as the programme is rolled out over the year.
Some critics have raised doubts whether 20 billion rupees in federal funding is enough to support the programme for 2018-19.
However, the government official said of the 110 billion rupees in premiums required to fund the programme, the federal government would contribute about 70 billion rupees with the 29 states providing the rest.
People segregate expired medicines outside a chemist store in New Delhi, India February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Saumya Khandelwal
The 50 billion rupees in federal funding on top of the budget allocation of 20 billion rupees would be made available as the scheme details are worked out over the coming months, the official said.
“Government health insurance companies have readily agreed to fund the programme (at this cost),” the official said.
A second source familiar with the planning said the government could also partly use the funds raised from a newly imposed 1 percent health cess on taxable incomes, and the health scheme would also benefit from the planned merger of three state-run insurance firms announced in Thursday's budget.
Slideshow (3 Images)
“It's a big pool (of people). When you have a mammoth insurance company, the task becomes easier,” said the source, adding that the government's premium payments for the scheme were expected to be low and manageable.
Modi's government on Thursday also raised the federal health budget by 11.5 percent to $8.3 billion for 2018-19.
The measures are Modi's latest attempt to reform a public health system that faces a shortage of hospitals and doctors. The government has also in recent years capped prices of critical drugs and medical devices and increased health funding.
Still, India spends only about 1 percent of its GDP on public health, among the world's lowest, and the health ministry estimates such funding leads to “catastrophic” expenses that push 7 percent of the population into poverty each year.
A top official at a state-run insurance company said the government would take 4 to 6 months to finalize the contours of the health plan since it would take time to get hospitals on board.
Nevertheless, a government-sponsored health programme will come as a major boost for the private hospital sector in India. Overburdened public hospitals mean nearly 70 percent of healthcare delivery is in the hands of private players.
The scheme “will be a game changer”, said Prathap Reddy, chairperson of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd.
Bickert also employs high-level experts including a human rights lawyer, a rape counsellor, a counterrorism expert from West Point, and a PhD researcher with expertise in European extremist organizations, as part of their content review team.
Activists and users have been particularly frustrated by the absence of an appeals process when their posts are taken down. (Facebook users are allowed to appeal the shutdown of an entire account, but not individual posts.) The Washington Post previously documented how people have liked this predicament to being put into "Facebook jail" — without being given a reason why they were locked up.
Zahra Billoo, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations' office for the San Francisco Bay area, said adding an appeals process and opening up guidelines would be a "positive development" but said the social network still has a ways to go if it wants to stay a relevant and safe space.
Billoo said that at least a dozen pages representing white supremacists are still up on the platform, even though the policies forbids hate speech and Zuckerberg testified before Congress this month that Facebook does not allow hate groups.
"An ongoing question many of the Muslim community have been asking is how to get Facebook to be better at protecting users from hate speech and not to be hijacked by white supremacists, right-wing activists, Republicans or the Russians as a means of organizing against Muslim, LGBT and undocumented individuals," they said.
Billoo themselves was censored by Facebook two weeks after Donald Trump's election, when they posted an image of a handwritten letter mailed to a San Jose mosque and quoted from it: "He's going to do to you Muslims what Hitler did to the Jews."
Bickert's team has been working for years to develop a software system that can classify the reasons a post was taken down so that users could receive clearer information — and so Facebook could track how much hate speech posts were put up in a given year, for example, or whether certain groups are having their posts taken down more frequently than others.
Currently, people who have their posts taken down receive a generic message that says that they have violated Facebook's community standards. After Tuesday's announcement, people will be told whether their posts violated guidelines on nudity, hate speech, and graphic violence. A Facebook executive said the teams were working on building more tools. "We do want to provide more details and information for why content has been removed," said Ellen Silver, Facebook's vice president of community operations. "We have more work to do there and we are committed to making those improvements."
Though Facebook's content moderation is still very much driven by humans, the company does use technology to assist in its work. The company currently uses software to identify duplicate reports, a time-saving technique for reviewers that helps them avoid reviewing the same piece of content over and over because it was flagged by many people at once. Software also can identity the language of a post and some of the themes, helping the post get to the reviewer with the most expertise.
The company can recognize images that have been posted before, but cannot recognize new images. For example, if a terrorist organization reposts a beheading video that Facebook already took down, Facebook's systems will notice it almost immediately, said Silver, but it cannot identify new beheading videos. The majority of items flagged by the community get reviewed within 24 hours, they said.
Every two weeks, employees and senior executives who make decisions about the most challenging issues around the world meet. They debate the pros and cons of potential policies. Teams who present are required to come up with research showing each side, a list of possible solutions, and a recommendation. They are required to list the organizations outside Facebook that they consulted with.
In an interview, Bickert and Silver acknowledged that Facebook would continue to make errors in its judgment. "The scale that we operate at," said Silver. "Even if were at 99 per cent accuracy, that's still a lot of mistakes."
A new hormonal therapy designed to treat uterine fibroids called relugolix has finished a Phase 3 study in Japan, and the results are positive.
That's welcome news for a SoftBank-backed company based in Basel, Switzerland called Roivant Sciences that's separately dealing with much lousier news.
But let's back up a bit first.
The Phase 3 trial was one of several Phase 3 trials of relugolix that are ongoing, including in the U.S. and Europe, where the drug is also being tested as a means to treat endometriosis-associated pain and to help men with advanced prostate cancer by suppressing their testosterone levels. The result out of Japan isn't enough to win it FDA approval, but Myovant, the biopharmaceutical company behind it, is expected to use the result from Japan to support its approval here in the U.S.
Why does it matter? Well, for one thing, a win would be meaningful for Myovant, which staged the biggest biotech IPO of last year, shortly after recruiting Lynn Seely as its CEO. (Seely was formerly the chief medical officer of Medivation, which sold to Pfizer last year for $14 billion). In other words, expectations are high.
Myovant is also a subsidiary of Roivant, a young holding company whose 32-year-old founder, Vivek Ramaswamy, believes will become a giant holding company for dozens of independent biopharmaceutical companies.
Ramaswamy sold SoftBank on that vision over the summer, in fact, with SoftBank leading a $1.1 billion investment in the company (and getting a steep discount on its privately held shares in the process, we're told).
Then, disaster. More specifically, early last week, Axovant — another of Roivant's holding companies that was taken public and itself wound up becoming the biggest biotech IPO of 2015 — received news that its much-hyped, experimental Alzheimer's drug, interpirdine, doesn't work. (We wrote about that here.)
It was a huge blow to the company, whose shares plummeted 75 percent that day and have remained flat. It was also a black mark for Roivant, which has told a convincing story until now about using data more effectively than big pharma companies that have exponentially more employees and resources.
Now, to regain their place as a wunderkind of the biotech world, Ramaswamy — a Harvard-educated biology major with a law degree from Yale — needs some positive momentum.
Relugolix is a smaller bet for Roivant, but it's not insignificant. According to one study, 70 percent of white women, and between 80 and 90 percent of black women, will develop fibroids by age 50, and 90 percent of women who are diagnosed with them seek medical or surgical treatment of their fibroids within a year. (Many others don't realize they have them.)
The less invasive route is, of course, medicine. In fact, reloguolix is hoping to grab market share of a hormone therapy already in the market: Leuprorelin, a product that first received FDA approval in 1985 and is currently used in the treatment of hormone-responsive cancers like prostate cancer and breast cancer, as well as to treat estrogen-dependent conditions, including uterine fibroids and endometriosis. (It's marketed under different brands by different companies. The German multinational conglomerate Bayer sells it as Viadur; the U.S. company Abbott Laboratories markets it as Lupor.)
There is still work to do; the other Phase 3 studies for relugolix were kicked off fairly recently, meaning it could be until closer to 2019 before the drug receives approval — if it's able to win approval at all. In the meantime, another biopharma giant, AbbVie, is developing a competing drug called elagolix, so the race is on.
In the meantime, Ramaswamy, who worked formerly as a hedge fund analyst, is hedging theirs bets.
Axovant, for example, is seeking to find other uses for intepirdine, part of which involves an ongoing Phase 2 test to treat a progressive brain disorder called Lewy body dementia. (The market is much smaller than for Alzheimer's patients. The disease impacts 1.3 million Americans, compared with Alzheimer's, which impacts 5.5 million.)
Another Roivant subsidiary, Enzyvant, is also seeking FDA approval to treat a rare pediatric disease called DiGeorge Syndrome and last month received a designation from the FDA that should move it through the review process more quickly. (The approval path is more streamlined in the case of rare diseases with life or death consequences.)
Roivant appears, too, to be focusing more nakedly on getting third-party biotech companies to partner with it on drug development. The idea, presumably, is that Roivant can bring them efficiencies by opening up its infrastructure to them.
Toward that end, Roivant earlier this week plugged $116 million into a company in which it already owned a stake: Arbutus, a hepatitis B-focused biotech firm. It's a sizable gamble on the company. Then again, it's chasing a big market. Approximately 350 million people in the world are believed to have the disease. As part of the deal, Arbutus will now rely on Roivant for functions that it would otherwise have had to build in-house.
Whether Roivant's various moves will see a big enough pay-off requires more time to learn. In the meantime, Roivant — which has now raised more than $2 billion from investors, including from Founders Fund, and the hedge funds Viking Global Investors and QVT Financial — must be hoping its investors remain patient.
We reached out to Ramaswamy for this story; through a spokesperson, they declined to comment.
Featured Image: panda3800/Shutterstock
It's a refrain we all hear every year around September: “I swear, whenever they release a new iPhone, Apple makes all the old ones run worse to make you upgrade.” But thousands of performance tests conducted over the years by Futuremark users show that the conspiracy is mostly in your mind.
If you don't know Futuremark, it's the company behind the benchmark software 3DMark (among others), which for years has been a standby for testing how devices from gaming PCs to phones perform.
3DMark has the device render demanding 3D scenes that stress different parts of the hardware, and tracks how quickly it calculates, how many frames per second it renders, and so on. At the end, it combines all those metrics into a single score that's easy to compare between devices or cards.
In the case of the iPhone (for which 3DMark is a free download if you'd like to try it), power users and reviewers run it (and other benchmarks like it) to see whether updates or apps affect their device's performance. Futuremark stores those scores for comparisons like the one released today.
Futuremark's analysts aggregated the last couple years of scores for the iPhone 5S, 6, 6S, and 7, to see whether it was true that iOS releases or new iPhones tended to coincide with (or trigger) drops in performance.
It's clear from the data that phones don't seem to degrade in any significant way over time; some do see performance hits with some OS versions, but others see gains. Even the 5S, quite long in the tooth at this point, is only a tiny bit slower than it was a year and a half and two major iOS versions ago.
That said, people may still be perceiving real slowdown, nor can synthetic benchmarks reliably capture things like little delays or input lag that add up to a slow-feeling phone without affecting its pure performance score.
One culprit could be apps themselves; one does tend to install more over time, of course, resulting in more background processes and network calls, less free space, and so on. The apps themselves may also be poorly optimized for new iOS versions when they come out, or iOS could include improvements for newer phones that just don't apply to older ones — so your friend's 6S speeds up while your 6 doesn't. (Planned obsolescence, after all, is a conspiracy we've all known about for decades.)
So while the performance hit may not be totally phantasmal, it seems pretty clear that Apple isn't sabotaging your device to make you upgrade. And really, the desire to have the latest model is something Apple users don't need any help with.
Hopefully that puts an end to these unfounded theories… at least, until next year.
BENGALURU/MUMBAI (Reuters) - Demand for physical gold improved this week in India as jewellers resumed purchases after the government kept import taxes on the precious metal unchanged, while buying remained subdued in most other centres in Asia.
Jewellers in India had delayed purchases earlier this week and offered gold at a discount anticipating a reduction in the tax in the country's annual budget on Thursday.
“As the budget is over, they have to make purchases for next week's jewellery exhibition,” said Ashok Jain, proprietor of Mumbai-based wholesaler Chenaji Narsinghji.
The Gem & Jewellery Export Promotion Council's exhibition, where jewellers display their designs to buyers, kicks off in Mumbai next week.
Improved demand from jewellers, prompted jewellers to charge a premium, for the first time in five weeks, of up to $2 an ounce on Friday over official domestic prices. This compared with a discount of $3 last week.
The domestic price includes a 10 percent import tax.
Local gold prices jumped to 30,720 rupees per 10 grams on Friday, the highest level since Nov. 9, 2016.
“For last few months investment demand was weak as gold was giving negative returns and rupee was appreciating,” said a Mumbai-based dealer with a private bank.
“But now, the rupee has started depreciating due to fiscal deficit concerns. It could attract investors towards gold.”
Meanwhile, in top consumer China, demand remained muted ahead of the Chinese New Year, which kicks off on Feb. 16.
Chinese premiums ranged between $6 and $8 an ounce versus $7 last week, while in Hong Kong, premiums of 60 cents-$1 were being charged, as against 60 cents-$1.20 previously.
“Physical demand in China should slow from now until the Chinese new year ... but after that, the physical market is expected to firm,” said Peter Fung, head of dealing at Wing Fung Precious Metals in Hong Kong.
High prices were also a deterrent for demand.
“I think when prices come down to $1,320 or $1,330 an ounce, we might see some buying there,” said Ronald Leung, chief dealer at Lee Cheong Gold Dealers in Hong Kong.
Benchmark spot gold fell 0.3 percent to $1,345.22 per ounce at 1030 GMT and was down 0.4 percent for the week so far.
In Singapore, premiums remained unchanged this week at 60-80 cents amid steady demand.
“We do see good demand (in the region) this week as we approach the Chinese New Year. I think the slight (price) pullback could see some clients come and pick up physical gold,” said Brian Lan, managing director at dealer GoldSilver Central in Singapore.
In Japan, gold continued to be sold at a 50 cent discount, the same as last week amid weak demand, a Tokyo-based trader said.
SUZUKA, Japan -- Valtteri Bottas set the fastest time in the final practice session for the Japanese Grand Prix despite crashing out with 20 minutes remaining.
Bottas lost the rear of their car after running wide at Spoon corner before clipping the barrier with their rear right and front right on the following straight. The damage brought an end to their session and a brief red flag period, but the time they set on the soft compound tyre earlier in the session was still enough to retain the fastest lap when Mercedes' rivals set super-soft times at the end of the session.
Clive Mason/Getty Images
It was a dominant display by Mercedes, which held the top two spots by more than 0.3s without completing a qualifying simulation lap on the super-soft tyres. Lewis Hamilton was just 0.014s shy of teammate Bottas, but used their super-soft tyre runs at the end of the session to evaluate two different front wings over two three-lap runs. Bottas will face a five-place grid drop from wherever they qualify due to an unscheduled gearbox change on Friday night, meaning Hamilton looks set to take pole if Mercedes retains it advantage into qualifying.
Ferrari, meanwhile, stuck to the traditional FP3 run plan by bolting on a fresh set of super-soft tyres at the second half of the session and attempting a qualifying-style run. Kimi Raikkonen went first but their efforts ended in the barrier at Degner 2 when they lost the rear of their Ferrari mid corner, overcorrected the slide and zipped across the gravel trap into the tyres. Sebastian Vettel, who had also explored the gravel trap at Degner 2 earlier in the session, set their fastest time towards the end of the session and finished with a time 0.324s off Bottas.
Max Verstappen was fourth fastest ahead of teammate Daniel Ricciardo, but Red Bull has over half a second to find just to get close to Vettel, let alone trouble the Mercedes drivers. Esteban Ocon set an impressive lap to secure the sixth fastest time ahead of Nico Hulkenberg's Renault and Fernando Alonso's McLaren. Alonso faces a 35-place penalty from wherever they qualify after Honda made a full power unit change on their car overnight.
Jolyon Palmer looks destined to start on the back row of the grid alongside Alonso as they too face a penalty, albeit for just 20 places, following a power unit change on their Renault. They finished final practice in tenth, one place behind Sergio Perez but ahead of Felipe Massa's Williams and the second McLaren of Stoffel Vandoorne.
Carlos Sainz was 13th fastest but faces a trip to the flight attendants ahead of qualifying after they skipped the red light at the end of the pit lane when the session resumed after Raikkonen's accident. Realising their mistake, they stopped just beyond it but was in breach of the regulations regardless.
Kevin Magnussen was 14th fastest after Haas fixed the water leak on their car overnight, ahead of Lance Stroll in the Williams, Pierre Gasly's Toro Rosso and teammate Romain Grosjean. The two Saubers were 18th and 19th ahead of Raikkonen, who failed to set a competitive time before crashing out.
DANIEL Ricciardo only has until August to agree to a new deal with Red Bull.
Fresh from the bombshell report that Ricciardo has contractually entered into an exclusive period of negotiating with rivals Ferrari, Red Bull boss Christian Horner has put down a deadline for Ricciardo to re-sign.
Horner has told German magazine Auto Motor Und Sport Ricciardo has until August to sign a new contract - or the team will begin looking for their replacement.
The 28-year-old remains the hottest driver on the F1 market for 2019 with their Chinese Grand Prix victory cementing their status as the sport's most-desired free agent.
The Perth product has insisted they will remain with Red Bull if they are able to prove they can help them win a championship in the next few years.
However, a report on Tuesday (AEDT) claimed Ricciardo has signed an understanding with Ferrari to negotiate a new contract with the Italian team without Ricciardo being able to negotiate with any other team until the end of June.
In response, Horner has been quoted declaring Ricciardo only has until August before the team will give up on him.
"There should be a decision by the summer break at the latest," Horner said of the August break.
Daniel Ricciardo has a tough call to make.
"We do not want to wait forever. We have other good options. Our priority is to continue working with Daniel. If that does not work, we'll pull the other options."
They even said Red Bull would likely first look at Carlos Sainz as Ricciardo's replacement should the Australian choose to make a move to Ferrari. Reigning champions Mercedes are also reportedly interested in Ricciardo.
"The most obvious is Carlos Sainz," Horner said.
"He is under contract with us. And then there are a few young drivers."
It comes after Sky Sports F1 analyst Mark Hughes, writing in Motorsport magazine, wrote the report of Ferrari's link with Ricciardo is correct.
"There are many different types of contractual options, but this one is said to be on both sides up to a defined date (believed to be June 30). Up until that time, neither party can officially negotiate with another," reports Hughes.
"Because the driver is effectively locking themselves out of the market for that time, discussions for their post-2018 services are contractually 'owned' by the team (in this case Ferrari).
"As such, they will be paid a fee. Between now and then they and Ferrari can negotiate about a future contract. This is all conventional F1 practice.
"Those privy to such matters at Red Bull are adamant that they have definitely signed something, somewhere but it's not with them and it's not with Mercedes. Logically, therefore, it must be Ferrari."
Will Ricciardo team up with Sebastian Vettel at Ferrari.
Red Bull has said multiple times it wants the Aussie star to stay put, but Ricciardo is yet to give any guarantees, repeatedly saying performance will dictate where they end up.
If Red Bull can offer them the tools to win a championship they see no reason to leave. But if - as has happened in previous seasons - the energy drink outfit falls behind Mercedes and Ferrari, the Perth-born driver may seek greener pastures.
Ricciardo said last week they do not want their next contract to tie them down for the next four years due to the uncertainty over the sport's future. Instead, they want a two-year deal.
"I don't want to sign anything too long because I don't know where the sport's going,"
The Times newspaper quoted them as saying. "I feel like life is happening pretty fast.
"Each year something might change so I don't want to tie myself down for four more years and then I'm like, 'I don't want to do this any more'.
"Ideally I'd sign a two-year contract.
"I think two years I can definitely be comfortable with and then see it from there.
"That third year will be the rule change so I will probably wait and see what happens then."
The Latest: Caps take 2-1 lead midway through Game 2
The Latest: Caps take 2-1 lead midway through Game 2
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The Latest from Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final between the Washington Capitals and Vegas Golden Knights (all times local):
6:35 p.m.
Alex Ovechkin has scored their first Stanley Cup Final goal, taking advantage of a power play to give Washington its first lead of Game 2.
Ovechkin one-timed a shot from the bottom of the left circle after Lars Eller's cross-crease pass to put the Capitals up 2-1 against Vegas. Eller scored a game-tying goal late in the first period.
Ovechkin was in the spotlight more than usual after a relatively quiet performance in the series-opening loss in which they had only one assist. The 13-season veteran might need to step up even more because Evgeny Kuznetsov is questionable to return because of an upper-body injury.
Kuznetsov, the leading scorer in the playoffs, walked off the ice late in the first period after appearing to hurt their left wrist in a check by Brayden McNabb along the boards.
___
6:05 p.m.
The Washington Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights are tied at 1-1 after the first period of Game 2 in the Stanley Cup Final.
James Neal revved up the home crowd, opening the scoring with a wrist shot past Braden Holtby just 7:58 into the game.
Just as the Capitals did during the series opener, they answered. Lars Eller slapped a shot into an open net late in the first period after missing an opportunity to score late in the Game 1 loss that included a record four lead changes.
Eller scored shortly after the Capitals generated chance at least temporarily making up for the loss of Evgeny Kuznetsov. The leading scorer in the playoffs left the game after getting checked and appearing to hurt their left wrist. Vegas' Brayden McNabb hit the leading scorer in the playoffs as they had the puck along the boards late in the first period.
Three-time Stanley Cup champion Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 11 shots for the Golden Knights.
Holtby withstood a flurry of shots in the opening minutes and finished the first period with nine saves.
The expansion Golden Knights entered the game 11-1 when scoring first in the playoffs. The Capitals also fell behind in every round this postseason and rallied to win.
___
5:35 p.m.
The Vegas Golden Knights lit the lamp first, scoring midway through the opening period of Game 2 just as they did in the Stanley Cup Final opener.
James Neal got behind Washington's defense and sent a wrist shot from the left circle past Braden Holtby 7:58 into the game.
Vegas also took a 1-0 lead in Game 1, striking first when Colin Miller scored 7:15 into a game the Golden Knights ended up winning 6-4.
The expansion Golden Knights entered the game 11-1 when scoring first in the playoffs.
It was 98 degrees at game time in Las Vegas.
___
5:25 p.m.
Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final is under way in Las Vegas.
Imagine Dragons kicked up the pregame festivities a notch, playing its hit "Whatever It Takes," following the Vegas Golden Knights' elaborate show that precedes each game.
The Washington Capitals trail Vegas 1-0 but are used to playing from behind. Washington fell behind in each of the first three rounds and rallied to win.
The Capitals opened the playoffs with two losses to Columbus before roaring back to win four straight. They lost Game 1 in the second round against Pittsburgh before bouncing back with a win in Game 2 and eliminating the two-time defending champion Penguins in Game 6.
Washington won its first two games against Tampa Bay in the Eastern Conference finals, but then lost three straight, forcing the franchise to win two decisive games to advance.
If the Capitals end up winning the Final, they will join the 1991 Pittsburgh Penguins as the only Stanley Cup champions to trail in every series.
___
4:20 p.m.
Hours before Vegas hosted Washington in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final, fans filed in the plaza outside T-Mobile Arena on a 98-degree day in the desert.
Some of those gathered were holding the hottest ticket in town. Many planned to simply soak up the atmosphere while watching the game on big screens outside the arena with thousands of new friends.
The Golden Knights' logo was worked into hairdos of fans willing to make the commitment while others opted to have their face painted in black and gold.
___
2:15 p.m.
The Strip has hosted countless events over the years, featuring stars on stage and in the ring.
Las Vegas can now add a championship game in a major professional sports league to its list.
And, Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final has a tough act to follow.
The Vegas Golden Knights opened with a 6-4 win over the Washington Capitals, co-starring teams that combined for a Final-record four lead changes.
There also were big hits, some which might have lingering effects Wednesday night.
Washington's Tom Wilson was penalized for blindsiding Vegas' Jonathan Marchessault after they passed the puck in Game 1. Ryan Reaves scored a tying goal Monday night after appearing to get away with cross-checking Capitals defenseman John Carlson.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
“It looked like dense wet clouds had landed on the ground, with almost zero visibility in the morning,” they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation recently as they and their sister returned home from school with their classmates.
Schools in Pakistan normally reopen on January 1, but this year many parents, particularly in central and northern Pakistan, have been reluctant to send their children as temperatures remain unusually low. Some parents and teachers have urged the government to extend the normal two-week winter holiday to protect the health of both children and teachers — a measure some schools have already taken. “Teaching in classrooms without heaters in such freezing cold weather compelled me and the most of my fellow teachers to refuse to attend school,” said Naila Khan, a biology teacher at a government girls' school in the capital's upscale F-6 sector. “Many schools like ours are without heaters to keep the classrooms warm, and even if there are heaters, they're good for nothing because of extended gas and electricity outages,” they said. Part of the problem, they said, is that the two-week school winter break is aimed to fall on the coldest days of the year — but this year the colder period has come much later, as weather grows more unpredictable across Pakistan as a result of climate change. Hotter, longer summers Schools are experiencing similar problems at the other end of the year as well. Weather that is too hot for students and teachers to focus on their work now often extends beyond the usual June and July summer break. Last year, schools were supposed to reopen on August 1 after a two-month break, but the government extended the holiday until mid-August, following temperature highs of between 35 and 41 degrees Celsius (95 to 106 degrees Fahrenheit) in all but the mountainous northern areas. Scientists at the Pakistan Meteorological Department (PMD) say that each successive summer since 2010 has been the hottest recorded in the country, with increasingly frequent and intense heatwaves. At the same time, cold winter days have begun later each year for about the last six years. Ghulam Rasul, head of the PMD and the permanent representative of Pakistan with the United Nations' World Meteorological Organisation, said significant natural variation was to be expected from year to year in the onset of winter and summer and in terms of temperature extremes. But they added that a shift in the seasons of at least 15 days had been observed over the past 20 years, meaning that summer was beginning earlier and winter later than average. They urged school officials to adapt school schedules to the new reality. “Considering the highly erratic weather patterns, it would be a saner approach to adapt annual academic vacation schedules to the shifting seasonal patterns,” they said. They suggested extending holiday leave periods by about two weeks to allow a “cushion” for more intense temperature extremes. Flexible holidays Summer school holidays in Sindh, Punjab and Balochistan provinces already have been extended each year since 2010 on account of the seasonal changes. As well as the extension to August 14 last year, holidays were prolonged in most of the country until August 11 in 2015 and August 30 in 2014. Qamar-uz-Zaman Chaudhry, a climate change specialist at the Asian Development Bank and lead author of Pakistan's national climate change policy, said the coldest days now fall in late January instead of late December. In addition to very hot Augusts, heatwaves — which were once rare even in June and July — now occur as early as May, they added. “The 15-day annual winter school vacation needs to be advanced by 7-10 days,” Chaudhry suggested, while the summer holidays should begin 10-15 days later and could be expanded to last two weeks longer. Jam Mehtab Hussain Dahar, the education minister of Sindh province, said that their department was considering adjusting the onset of winter and summer holidays to the weather each year, a measure that found support from Rana Mashhood Ahmed, Punjab's education minister. “We are planning to keep the school vacations schedule flexible to adjust with the shifting extreme winter and summer days,” Ahmed said in a telephone interview. More from Pakistan UAE, Pakistan can benefit from CPEC, says envoy
Bomb disposal commander killed in Quetta blast
Pakistan mourns Lahore victims of Taliban attack
Pakistan private channels to show Indian films
A 23-year-old, Russian-born violinist named Artem Kolesov is capturing international attention after posting a YouTube video in which they come out as gay.
The son of two Pentecostal pastors in a small town an hour away from Moscow, Kolesov says that they have struggled for most of their life to reconcile their sexual orientation with their Christian beliefs and their family's views. "In my family," Kolesov says in their video, "I often heard that all gays should be destroyed, that they should be bombed, and that if anyone in our family turns out to be gay, my family should kill them with their bare hands."
In the video, Kolesov also recounts wrenching episodes from throughout their life. At age seven, they prayed that they would die before their mother found out that they liked boys. They also endured physical and sexual abuse from one of their brothers, who threatened to out them to their parents if Kolesov told anyone about the abuse, and later attempted suicide several times.
Growing up, they say, "I never heard anything good about gay people. All I knew was that gays are the people who everyone should hate. I was scared because I knew that I was gay. I didn't know anyone who I could talk to about it. It seemed that I was the only gay person in Russia."
The violinist made their video as part of the Russian "Children-404" project, which invites teenagers to share their stories and discuss LGBT issues in Russia. In most of their photos and videos, participants shield their identities by holding up a "Children-404" sign in front of their faces.
Instead of creating an anonymous contribution, Kolesov chose to share their name and face, to let fellow LGBT youth in Russia feel less isolated. They recorded the video in Russian, but also provided English subtitles. "We don't come out for heterosexual people to know," they say in their video, which they published on March 29. "We don't come out for the ones who hate us to know. We shout and make as much noise as possible just so other people like us who are scared and can't be themselves would know that they are not a mistake and they are not alone."
Formerly based in Canada, Kolesov now lives in Chicago, where they are first violinist in the Yas Quartet, which is in residence at Roosevelt University's Chicago College of Performing Arts. Last summer, their ensemble took third prize in the Chamber Division at the Schoenfeld International String Competition which was held in Harbin, China.
In their video, Kolesov contrasts their family's pleasure in their musical accomplishments with their reaction to theirs coming out. "They are ashamed to have a gay son and brother," they say. "They wish that this part of my identity didn't exist. Interesting that my family is proud of me for being a violinist, and is so ashamed of me for being gay, though both of these are parts of my identity."
In the aftermath of releasing their video, Kolesov told BuzzFeed that he's already begun to experience the impact of their decision to come out so publicly. They have received many positive messages from friends and strangers alike, but they said that they are afraid of being arrested if they return to Russia, under enforcement of a vaguely worded but broad "anti-gay propaganda" law. Earlier this month, there were reports that more than 100 gay men in Chechnya were arrested and tortured, with some of them reportedly killed by police. (Authorities have denied both the arrests and the deaths.)
Kolesov is also not currently on speaking terms with their relatives, and told BuzzFeed, "Even if I go back to Russia, I'm not sure I would be feeling completely safe with my own family."
A a crucial element of the Murray Darling Basin Plan is about to be determined by Federal parliament and the key players don't agree on what's at stake.
On May 8 the Senate will vote on a disallowance motion brought by the Greens, which will require support from Labor and some of the Crossbench.
The Greens want to block 37 infrastructure projects designed to simultaneously improve the flow of water to environmental assets like wetlands and reduce by 605 gigalitres the amount water buybacks required of irrigators.
Lead by environment spokesperson Senator Sarah Hanson-Young the Greens say the projects would shortchange the environmental benefit of the Basin Plan water recovery process and are based on rubbery figures and poor planning.
NSW, Victoria and Queensland have committed to minimise water recovery from irrigators and disallowance of the offset projects could force them to withdraw from the Basin Plan. That's why chief Basin Plan propnent Federal Water Minister David Littleproud is so keen for the offset projects to go ahead.
But the balance of power hangs with Labor, which just last month provided the crucial votes to block the Northern Basin Adjustment, which would have reduced irrigation buybacks by 70GL.
The MDBA have already signed-off on project designs, but they must assess actual water delivery in six years time and under section 7.11 of the Basin Plan rules, if they're not up to scratch the shortfall must be recovered through buybacks from irrigators.
The MDBA will publish annual reports on states water recovery through the offset projects.
MDBA chief executive Phillip Glyde said the laws are a “safety net” for the environmental.
“There is a damaging misconception in some quarters that the amendments will diminish the environmental benefits of the plan,” Mr Glyde said.
“This could not be further from the truth.”
Mr Glyde said the development process for offset projects had only just begun.
“Conservation groups think we're at the end point, signing off on the projects right now.
“Really we're just figuring out the environmental benefits… All we're looking for now from the Senate is to start the process.”
Mr Glyde said the disallowance motion would likely cruel the Commonwealth's water reform.
“If the disallowance motion is approved I'd expect the states wouldn't support the Basin Plan and we'd be back to bickering over water across state boundaries,” they said.
“That didn't work for the last 90 years and the Basin Plan is the only way for balanced water use into the future.
“I urge all parties to remain unified behind the common goals of the Basin Plan – a healthy future for the river system and the communities and industries that depend upon it.”
Last week National Irrigators chief executive Steve Whan said the Basin Plan laws are a safety net that prevent the projects' performance becoming a risk to the environment.
“If the projects fail to deliver their projected outcomes, the gap is met by acquiring water from irrigators.”
NATIONAL
BRASILIA -- South Korean Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon had a brief encounter with Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito on the sidelines of an international conference in Brazil on Monday and talked about relations between the two countries and the situation on the Korean Peninsula, officials said.
The three-minute meeting happened as Lee approached Naruhito and offered their greetings ahead of the opening of the 8th World Water Forum at Brazil's foreign ministry in Brasilia. Both Lee and Naruhito delivered keynote speeches at the forum.
During the meeting, Lee asked Naruhito for support for efforts to improve relations between the two countries. The crown prince said in response that, as a person studying history, they hope good relations will be established based on reflection on the past, according to officials.
South Korean Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon (L) shakes hands with Japan`s Crown Prince Naruhito during a meeting in Brasilia on Monday. (Photo courtesy of the prime minister`s office-Yonhap)
Lee also briefed Naruhito on the situation on the Korean Peninsula, saying South Korea is trying to keep the momentum of inter-Korean talks alive in order to pursue a peaceful resolution of the North Korean nuclear issue, according to officials.Referring to fast-moving developments such as the upcoming summits between the South and the North and between the North and the United States, Lee said certain changes are taking place and asked for Japan's understanding and support for those changes and for Seoul's efforts to peacefully resolve the nuclear issue.Naruhito said they hope for a peaceful resolution and said they are willing to do what they can for it.Lee said they hope the crown prince will be able to visit South Korea and that the right conditions will be created for such a visit. Naruhito said in response that they hope good circumstances will be created between the two countries.The crown prince also said they like Korean foods such as bibimbap and dried pollack, and they even added that dried pollack is a staple product of South Korea's Winter Olympics host city of PyeongChang.After the forum's opening ceremony, Lee waited for Naruhito to exit and exchanged farewell greetings, saying they hope to see the crown prince again either in Tokyo or in Seoul. The crown prince also said they hope to see Lee again.The two spoke in Japanese and English. Lee is fluent in Japanese as they served as a correspondent in Tokyo for a major South Korean newspaper in the early 1990s before entering into politics. (Yonhap)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Football fans are planning to turn this year's FA Cup final into an emotional tribute to England star Ray Wilkins.
The match between Chelsea and Manchester United features the two sides Wilkins, who died earlier this month at the age of 61, played for most.
They wore the No 8 shirt for both clubs and supporters will sing “There's only one Ray Wilkins” in the eighth minute of the Final.
Before the match at Wembley both clubs are also planning a series of tributes.
Tim Rolls from the Chelsea Supporters Trust said: Ray Wilkins was an inspiring player and captain for Chelsea, taking the role at the unbelievably young age of eighteen.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Action Images)
“Given they also starred for Manchester United, after Chelsea were forced to sell them for financial reasons, a joint tribute at the FA Cup Final seems a great idea and entirely fitting.”
ChelseaBecky tweeted: “Let's make the @EmiratesFACup final Ray day. On the 8th minute, we all sing there's only one Ray Wilkins. They played a number 8 at @ChelseaFC @ManUtd and for @England What better way to show our respect than the whole ground singing their name at @wembleystadium.”
(Image: PA)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
The Mirror revealed how the former England captain and popular TV pundit had suffered a heart attack.
They died several days later in hospital.
There will be an invitation only memorial service at a church near Chelsea's Stamford Bridge stadium next week.
The National Service Office for Veterans will be available at the Fowler Building, Chapter 15, lower level, 45 New Haven Avenue, Tuesday, May 8, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., for veterans to inquire about VA benefits.
No appointments are necessary; first come, first served. There will be help with all eligibility questions and assistance with filling out first claim or updating current percent rating. The DD-214 is required.
Contact Mike Coplan at 203 878-1165 with inquiries.
Bristol Rovers vs Oldham spot yourself in the cro
Bristol City are on the verge of securing their Championship status following Monday's point against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park. And plans are already beginning to take shape for next season's squad.
The Robins were linked with both Marley Watkins (again) and Lewis Morgan over the weekend and there would be merit in both deals as head coach Lee Johnson looks at how to strengthen their team.
Watkins is no stranger to Johnson having been snapped up by the City head coach while they were in charge of Barnsley in 2015. The right winger has helped themselves to 10 goals in the Championship, the latest coming on Monday as they found the net against Brentford in a 1-1 draw at Oakwell.
St Mirren's Morgan is another player City are reportedly keen on, with Sheffield United also keeping tabs.
The 20-year-old winger has netted nine times and provided 12 assists this term and has played for Scotland's under-21 side.
Premier League and Scottish top flight sides have watched Morgan this season.  They are contracted to the club until next summer.
Meanwhile, Watkins' teammate Josh Scowen is also wanted by Preston North End.
Johnson is a keen admirer of the midfielder, who has netted twice this campaign.
Both players are believed to be out of contract in the summer, making either a particularly appealing prospect as no transfer fee will be involved.
On the flip side, there will be strong competition for both. Watkins, in particular, is said to be interesting half of the Championship.
The 26-year-old former Bath City winger, who handed in a transfer request in January, has been linked with Ipswich Town too, although Cardiff are believed to be the front runners for their signature currently, in part due to their Welsh background having started out at Swansea.
Watkins and Morgan were linked with Bristol City by the Sun on Sunday and Daily Mail newspapers respectively over the weekend.
The Robins have already been linked with the likes of John Marquis, Luke Roberts and Fode Ballo-Toure ahead of the summer.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Boxer Amir Khan has announced the birth of their daughter Alayna.
Khan showed off their second child with wife Faryal Makhdoom, after the birth of Lamaisah Khan in 2014, in an emotional Instagram post.
Khan posted their social media page: "With my new born ALAYNA KHAN. Welcome to the world. Weighing 8lbs 3oz."
The Bolton-born star made their long-awaited return to the boxing ring after two years on the weekend, beating Phil Lo Greco inside 40 seconds.
King Khan wiped out the Canadian with a devastating arsenal of punches at the Liverpool Arena.
After sending Lo Greco to the canvas, Khan followed up and smashed the Italian Sensation into the ropes before the referee jumped in.
Khan will now have a host of options next for their second fight in a three-fight deal with Matchroom and Eddie Hearn.
They married Khan in 2013 after they were introduced by a mutual friend.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
The couple tied the knot in a 1000-guest ceremony at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City, following it up with a traditional Walima (the banquet part of an Islamic wedding) in Manchester.
But Khan and Faryal sparked a high-profile fall-out with the boxer's family by posting a 'naked selfie' on Instagram.
Khan's disapproving father Shah even branded their daughter-in-law "evil", accusing them of trying to come between them and their son.
(Image: Mark Robinson)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Faryal hit the headlines again in the summer of 2017 when they and Khan engaged in a very public feud, lasting several weeks.
In some circles, Khan, a British-Pakistani Muslim, is now known as much for their marital issues as for their boxing achivements.
Khan became Britain's youngest Olympic medallist when they won silver at the Athens Games in 2004.
And has since won 32 of their 36 fights and was the unified light-welterweight world champion.
Last year, Khan appeared on ITV show I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here where they finished fifth - as Made in Chelsea star Georgia Toffolo was named Queen of the Jungle.
(Reuters) - India's private sector lender IDFC Bank Ltd on Tuesday reported a 76 percent plunge in its quarterly profit, hurt by a jump in provisions to cover bad loans.
Net profit came in at 419.3 million rupees ($6.3 million), for the quarter ended March 31, compared with 1.76 billion rupees a year ago, IDFC Bank reported.
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 3.31 percent at end-March, compared with 5.62 percent in the preceding quarter and 2.99 percent a year ago.
Provisions and contingencies surged to 2.42 billion rupees in the quarter, from 48 million rupees in the year-earlier quarter.
($1 = 66.4250 Indian rupees)
(AP) — Watching NFL football games on your phone used to be mainly limited to Verizon customers. Soon anyone will be able to watch football games on the go for free on Yahoo's app, now that Verizon owns Yahoo.
But people who want to watch football through online-TV services like Sling or YouTube TV will have more problems. An NFL game on ESPN will still be blocked on the app on a phone — and starting next season, on tablets as well, for some games, said Brian Angiolet, Verizon's global chief media and content officer.
Verizon's five-year deal with the NFL takes effect in January, in time for playoffs. Games will stream on the Yahoo Sports app; Yahoo.com on mobile (but not Yahoo.com on computers); Verizon's little-known video app, go90; and the NFL mobile app.
Related Content: Sprint, T-Mobile end merger talks
Verizon bought Yahoo in June and AOL in 2015 and wants to combine the two to build a digital ad business to rival Facebook and Google. It hopes adding more sports streaming will help grow the audience for its media business. “Sports is the first major pillar in Verizon's strategy. The NFL is a marquee piece of content,” Angiolet said. Verizon will be able to sell some digital ads during games.
The NFL has had a partnership with Verizon since 2010 and has been experimenting with other ways to televise its games besides broadcast and cable TV. Amazon this year has 10 Thursday night games and a Christmas game.
5 best performances by Arsenal in the UEFA Champions League
Some of the best games Arsenal have played in the UEFA Champions League could spur them on this season.
by Khushwant Ramesh Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 12:35 IST
One of the greatest solo goals in the history of the UEFA Champions League
Arsenal vs. Bayern Munich in Valentine's season is apt beyond hilarity. The Premier League side and the Bundesliga giants have played each other in three out of the last four UEFA Champions League seasons and it came as a bittersweet shock to most fans of either side because games between these two have been unpredictable to the core in recent seasons.
But the Bavarians have had the lion's share of success having beaten Arsene Wenger's side three out of the last six fixtures: and inadvertently progressing in the competition while Arsenal often put in decent performances away from home to only get that close to breaking the curse but never doing it.
Every season, however, has its share of drama. With key personnel missing for Bayern Munich this season and Arsenal's ‘underdog' flag flying high and proud, we could be in for some proper football. The North London club have, however, produced some incredible performances in the past in this competition and will hope they can recreate a similar to one finally break the curse:
#5 Real Madrid 0 – 1 Arsenal (2006)
Perhaps Arsenal's greatest ever UEFA Champions League run came was put to the test when they travelled to the Santiago Bernabeu to take on an in-form Real Madrid side full of ‘galacticos', confidence and the mentality.
But a few minutes into the second half, Thierry Henry showed the world just why they were one of the best ever players in Europe. Having won the ball in midfield, the French international sprinted past the midfield and a defiant Sergio Ramos. And then when the moment arrived, they tucked away the chance past Iker Casillas to give Arsenal an unlikely 1-0 lead at the Bernabeu.
After ending Real Madrid's cup run, the team famously went on to the finals of the competition where they lost to Barcelona with Jens Lehmann seeing a red card in the opening minutes of the game.
Amit S. Mukherjee is a professor of leadership and strategy at IMD's Singapore campus. They have led technology development teams, served as an executive officer of a public company, and advised CEOs of global companies on strategy and organization design. For this article, they spoke with Wouter Van Wersch, CEO of GE APAC and a corporate officer of GE, and Aaron Wong, CFO of GE APAC. GE APAC consists of operations in ASEAN countries, as well as Australia, New Zealand, Japan, and Korea. When this article was conceived, Van Wersch and Wong were CEO and CFO of GE ASEAN, respectively.
advertisement
How can large organizations most effectively connect decision-makers across functions, divisions, and business units — not to mention with other companies, governments, and other external stakeholders?
Efforts to do so usually require organizational innovations.
For example, when General Electric Co. (GE) became one of the first U.S. multinational companies to enter Myanmar after that country reconnected with the global economy, executives from GE's Global Growth Organization (GGO) played key roles. Because critical gaps existed in the country's basic infrastructure, they connected the dots across GE's businesses to structure and sequence health care and aviation projects with power projects. Simultaneously, they arranged training in 21st-century technologies and management practices for Myanmar-based executives, professionals, and government officials.
GGO executives based in Southeast Asia represent all of GE to all 10 member countries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) — a group whose collective GDP exceeds $2.4 trillion. Because GGO executives represent all businesses, they have the ability to create and lead growth projects that require coordinated action by multiple GE divisions, and by other companies, governments, and funding agencies. That setup also enables GE to operate as a leaner entity than it would be with a traditional matrix structure in each country. By effectively connecting decision-makers across various networks, GGO executives enable the movement of goods and services, monies, and — most importantly — knowledge and information.
Four Key Leadership Attributes for Leading Across Networks (and Silos and Borders)
Which leadership attributes are necessary for an executive to work effectively across a variety of functions, organizations, and actors? While the Myanmar effort was particularly complex, in most of their work, GE GGO executives in Southeast Asia have demonstrated exceptional command of four key leadership attributes that typically aren't strong points for executives in traditional, non-networked, organizations.
Let's look at those four attributes and the strengths GGO executives bring to each one.
They readily navigate the “in-between spaces” — the gaps not covered by specialists. In most companies, executives rise through the ranks by specializing in a single function or dedicating themselves to specific business units. As a part of its leadership development, GE normally looks for people who are the “T-type” leaders that IDEO CEO Tim Brown has championed: They are knowledgeable in a few different disciplines (the horizontal cap of the T) and have deep expertise in one area (the vertical part of the T). GGO executives are an important variation of this theme: They have broader knowledge of the company's businesses and their context, at the expense of some depth. Stated differently, their T's have wider wingspans and shorter tails. This “horizontal mindset” enables them to help businesses anticipate the unexpected, spread ideas, and share resources for scale. Being generalists with some depth isn't easy. The GGO executives for Southeast Asia need knowledge of a region with economic systems that range from socialist to capitalist and political ideologies that range from absolute monarchy to freewheeling democracies. To get a sense of the challenge that presents, consider this: A bridge links the island nation of Singapore to its nearest neighbor, Malaysia, but the national and business cultures of the two countries are very different. GGO executives also need to understand each GE division's capabilities and talent bases, and the potential of each division to contribute to national development agendas. Therefore, they must regularly rebalance the capabilities and knowledge they themselves must possess against those they can leave to specialists.
They have “high say-do ratios” — a phrase often used by former GE vice chairperson and GGO president John Rice to mean that they are good at following through and getting things done. This characteristic isn't trite: As generalists, GGO executives must partner internally and externally with professionals who have a great deal of expertise in specific fields, and because many experts distrust generalists, such relations are often fraught with skepticism. GGO executives build networks by being willing to talk to anybody with expertise, regardless of the titles on their business cards. This is a big deal in the ASEAN, where local organizations usually have rigid hierarchies. To earn the trust of experts, they listen carefully to understand what the experts consider important. In response, they only make promises that are consistent with resource constraints. This means that externally and internally, they prioritize what is feasible instead of pursuing all that might be possible.
They are multilingual and culturally knowledgeable across countries and business disciplines. Understanding the local cultures and languages of Southeast Asia is key to navigating the public and private sectors of ASEAN countries. Most GGO executives speak at least two of the region's 10 major languages. Their broad cultural awareness helps them tune in to local customs and needs. Moreover, they build deep relationships with local experts who can contribute vital insights that enhance local market relevance and help mediate the idiosyncrasies of decision-making. For example, GE's entry into Myanmar, and its subsequent expansion in that country, would not have been possible if GGO executives did not have localized expertise. In an equally important endeavor, GGO executives learn the functional, professional, and business jargon used by the groups they work with. In all organizations, jargon makes intragroup communication efficient, but lowers the effectiveness of intergroup communication. People who can converse with each group in its own jargon make organizations stronger because they better understand each group's key needs and constraints and can bridge differences effectively. Indeed, Japanese companies have relied on, and have cultivated, this uncommon capability for decades.
They are problem-finders, learners, and intrapreneurs. GGO executives have to embrace working on resource-constrained projects shrouded in uncertainty. Creating new demand requires the ability to spot problems, test hypotheses, and run pilots. Executives must be comfortable with unclear personal incentives because many of these projects take years to bear fruit. Beyond helping to develop products and services suited for ASEAN markets, GGO executives have identified and established enhanced project financing capabilities in the region. They take advantage of global networks and relationships with financial institutions to bring in financing from other parts of the world. The GGO's culture is mission-focused: Individuals are encouraged to work collaboratively, and they can look beyond reporting structures to achieve goals. Top GGO executives in the ASEAN reach down two or three levels across GE to find promising talent. Their recruits grow into their roles through formal learning, deployments to ongoing projects, and rotational assignments. They also attend some senior-level events to learn how to build effective personal networks.
Of the four key leadership attributes, the first, the ability to readily navigate the “in-between spaces,” is the dominant leadership characteristic of successful people in networked organizations. But leaders can't be good at navigating the in-between spaces if they don't also master the other three attributes — or if their companies don't provide the necessary support to do so.
Research Updates from MIT SMR Get semi-monthly updates on how global companies are managing in a changing world. Sign up Please enter a valid email address Thank you for signing up Privacy Policy
The Coming Talent Challenge
For GE, the GGO has been an essential response to the reality that work today is distributed across many national and organizational boundaries. Indeed, it is acknowledged as having played a key role in driving the company's growth outside the developed West.
Because digital technologies are increasing the complexity and ambiguity of challenges that executives face every day, other large companies have developed, or are seeking, similar solutions. I believe that most employers will eventually need to recruit or develop a critical mass of executives whose T-type profiles feature broader wingspans and shorter tails.
Companies will face a major challenge if they rely on traditional performance evaluation and talent identification systems to find people like that. Those systems don't do a good job of objectively and consistently flagging those kinds of leadership profiles. Until they put the right processes in place to overcome that challenge, companies will simply have to identify the right people by following the adage “It takes one to know one.”
Making the effort is important. Our world is politically and economically multipolar and multicultural. Knowledge and resources are locked away in unexpected places. It takes a new kind of leader to find them and bring them together.
advertisement
Paramount Players has acquired the feature film rights to Creepy Crawlers, the famous toy brand owned by JAKKS Pacific, sources tell Variety.
Neal H. Moritz will produce with Marc Gurvitz and Toby Ascher. Stephen Berman, chairperson and CEO of JAKKS, will serve as executive producer.
Plot details are unknown at this time, but the film will be based on the classic toy molds of all sorts of creepy and slimy bugs. Originally developed by Mattel in the early '60s, the toy was revitalized by ToyMax in the '90s, allowing children to create their own molds again, like the Creeple Peeple and Eeeks.
JAKKS has taken over for the past decade and, while re-using some of the old favorites, have progressed to creating molds of classic cartoon characters like Spongebob Squarepants and Pokémon.
Ali Bell and Royce Reeves-Darby will be overseeing for Paramount Players.
Paramount, as a whole, has found success in recent years in taking popular toys like Transformers and G.I. Joe and turning them into film franchises. The studio hopes to have similar results with this latest IP.
Known more for their action and comedy series like “Fast and Furious” and “21 Jump Street,” Moritz has also seen success as of late in the family-friendly realm after adapting the popular kids' book series “Goosebumps” into a franchise at Sony. The studio is currently prepping the sequel, which will open in 2019.
AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The U.S. economy will show further signs of inflation pressure in 2018 and the Federal Reserve should continue raising interest rates, Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert Kaplan said on Friday.
“You will see some inflation pressure this year,” Kaplan said told a conference in Austin, Texas. “I believe that the Fed should be removing accommodation gradually but deliberately.”
Draper Esprit, the publicly-listed VC firm based in London, is putting down further roots across Europe in cooperation with German VC Earlybird.
The “strategic partnership” sees Draper invest an initial €18 million in the latest Earlybird Fund VI (which closed this week at €175 million, above its initial target, apparently), with a commitment to invest a further €17 million or so per annum over the next four years.
The tie up will also mean the two VCs will work together beyond Draper simply being an LP in Earlybird, such as sharing deal-flow and investment resources. In addition, Draper is taking a minority stake in the management company of Earlybird Fund VI via the issuing of new Draper Esprit shares to Earlybird partners.
By putting money into Earlybird Fund VI, Draper has also indirectly acquired a minority stake in a number of startups that have already received investment from the fund. They include Shapeshift, Everoad, Movinga, Fraugster, Medidate, Xain, and Crossengage.
However, explained Draper Esprit CEO and co-founder Simon Cook in a call this morning, the partnership is really about the two firm's leveraging the brand recognition of their broader and respective portfolios.
In aggregate, both firms say they count 100 “high growth” companies across Europe in their respective portfolios. They include the likes of Revolut, Graze, UI Path, N26, Transferwise, Ledger, Graphcore and Peak Games.
Meanwhile, in a European VC market where almost every local early-stage VC is becoming “pan-European,” the two firms met to discuss how they might work together. As the conversation progressed, it became clear that a more formal partnership fitted the ambitions of both VCs as they both attempt to have a larger presence across the continent.
In a corresponding blog post, Draper Esprit reiterates that it invests in series A, B and beyond, whereas Earlybird is focused on seed stage to series A. So, whilst there is some overlap, it won't be hard for the two firms to divvy up deals and Cook told me Draper Esprit will share all relevant deal-flow with Earlybird and where it makes sense a partner at either firm will take the lead.
Draper Esprit is already an investor/LP in a number of other European early-stage funds, including pre-seed and seed investor Seedcamp, and Episode 1.
“We invest from offices in the U.K., Ireland, and Paris. They, from Berlin, Munich, Istanbul. We raise money via the public markets and through our EIS and VCT funds, they from traditional private LPs,” adds the VC firm.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Minister of State for Information, Broadcasting, National History and Literary Heritage Marriyum Aurangzeb in a statement issued here Monday said that Imran Khan would not have locked the Ehtsab Commission, if they were fighting against corruption and the reason why they were crying foul was that they were trying to cover up the malfeasance committed by themselves and the ministers of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Government.
They said that Imran had themselves admitted indulging in gambling to raise funds for the party and how would they answer the questions of the courts, whereas they had not even been able to answer the allegations of Gula Lai? Marriyum said that Imran must have felt ashamed of appearing in the anti-terrorist court on the charges of attacking the parliament and causing head injuries to a police officer.
The minister said that whoever within their party demanded answers to the indiscretions committed by Imran Khan was either abused or shut out by him. Marriyum asked Imran what had happened to their claims of producing electricity for the entire country? They said Imran was still standing on the container while nearly 1,000 schools in KPK had been closed due to low enrollment adding that they had spoken so many lies during the last four years that they had become immune to shame.
The minister said that instead of acting as a town crier for the Model Town Tragedy, Imran should answer as to why they attacked the parliament and assaulted the police? They said that the entire nation was waiting for punishment to the man who attacked the parliament and the law enforcers.
Technicians can accelerate Hunter vehicle inspections with Quick ID. The new technology automates vehicle identification, saving valuable time and labor.
Quick ID instantly identifies the vehicle's information including license plate, vehicle identification number (VIN), year, make model and alignment specifications.
This feature fully automates Quick Tread, providing a nonstop inspection process and eliminating the need for a technician in the lane. Using VIN or license information, Quick Check and Quick Tread results can also be fully integrated with the dealership's service lane software to greatly enhance service department revenue. Current Quick Check and Quick Tread units can be easily upgraded with Quick ID technology with WinAlign 15.0 software.
For additional information, visit hunter.com.
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spain's Banco Popular could have been worth more than a billion euros when it was sold to larger rival Santander for just one euro in June, the independent valuation used by authorities to inform the sale showed on Friday.
Saddled with bad debt and facing a run on its deposits, Popular became the first bank to be wound down using new European rules aimed at avoiding bailouts by taxpayers.
But its sale for a nominal one euro, orchestrated by the European Union's Single Resolution Board (SRB), was contested by investors who lost 850 million euros ($1.06 billion) as a result and demand compensation.
In a confidential report sent to the SRB at the time and published on Friday, consultancy firm Deloitte valued Popular's equity at 1.3 billion euros in its most optimistic scenario, or “best case”.
The publication of Deloitte's report, in which Popular is referred to using to code-name Hippocrates, marks a victory for investors who had been asking for more information about the SRB's decision.
In its “worst case” and base estimates, which were made public by authorities after the sale, Deloitte put Popular's value several billion euros less than zero.
Deloitte's report cautioned its estimates were “highly uncertain” because they were put together in just 12 days and with patchy information, adding the real value of the bank was best determined through an open and competitive sale process.
“The best offer received following such a sale process is likely to be the best and most reliable indication of the value of the bank,” the firm's consultants, whose name was redacted, said in the report dated June 6, a day before Popular's sale.
Some key information, such as Deloitte's estimate of how much money creditors could have recouped if the bank had been put into insolvency rather than sold, was blanked out in the document published by the SRB on Friday.
European Union rules state that creditors should not be left worse off after a bank is wound down using new “bail-in” arrangements than they would be if the firm had simply gone into insolvency.
The consultants highlighted some missing data and incorrect property valuations.
“Most of the inconsistencies identified are due to the inadequate consideration of the ECO rules,” Deloitte said, referring to Spanish regulations on the valuation of real estate assets.
The Spanish High Court is investigating the role of former Popular chairpeople Angel Ron and Emilio Saracho in Popular's collapse following complaints by shareholders. The former directors have denied any wrongdoing.
The court is looking at allegations of false financial statements, investor fraud, market manipulation, and possible insider trading at Popular, according to law firm Quinn Emanuel, which represents a group of bondholders who want to join the investigation.
Launched in 2014 to end an era of bank bailouts, the SRB came under fire last year for deciding not to intervene in two failing Italian banks, weeks after forcing losses on Popular investors. ($1 = 0.8011 euros) (Reporting by Francesco Canepa; editing by Andrew Roche)
You need to login to view this content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
"The Improbability of Love" by Hannah Mary Rothschild (Knopf Doubleday)
"The Improbability of Love" is a satirical look at the art trade with intrigue, romance and history sprinkled throughout.
Annie McDee buys a painting from a second-hand shop as a birthday gift for a potential boyfriend. When they fail to show up for a date, the painting becomes hers. Unknowingly, Annie has found a lost masterpiece (fictional), which was painted by one of the most important French artist of the eighteenth century, Jean-Antoine Watteau (1684-1721). As Annie starts to research the artwork, they are stalked by those who would do anything to own it. Before long, Annie is accused of arson, first-degree murder and theft of the painting.
The novel's charm lies in its characters — oligarchs, historians, politicians, auctioneers, socialites, criminals and the canvas itself. Each one offers a glimpse into the painting's dark past and its present-day value. In the end, the truth of the painting is revealed, and Annie discovers the improbability of love.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Uncapped Australia leg-spinner Mitchell Swepson recognises they are heading to Bangladesh as the third-choice slow bowler but is hoping their ability to get prodigious turn will earn them a test call-up.
Swepson, who toured India earlier this year but did not play, was added last week to Australia's squad for their two-test series in Bangladesh, which starts on Aug. 27.
The 23-year-old, however, understands that offspinner Nathan Lyon and left-arm orthodox spinner Ashton Agar are likely to be ahead of them in the selectors' minds.
"I was added late, so you'd probably think that the other two blokes are ahead of me at the moment," Swepson told reporters at the team's training camp in Darwin on Saturday.
"But anything can happen.
"I've just got to prepare to play and if it doesn't happen, then so be it. I'll just take the experience as it comes and I'm looking forward to it."
Swepson's ability to get turn was highly respected by leg-spinning great Shane Warne, who urged selectors to bring them into the side for their programme at home last summer.
The Queenslander, however, was not included until the tour of India earlier this year, where they said they had picked up a great deal of knowledge.
"I picked up a few things in India just being around the squad, and being able to be at test matches and watch how the blokes go about it," they said.
"Coming back this pre-season, I was really happy with where my bowling was at and I think that was on the back of being on that Indian tour."
While Agar's ability to tie up one end with a superior economy rate to Swepson is likely to earn them the nod, it is actually their batting that could give them a leg up in future selections, according to captain Steve Smith.
Agar still holds the record for the highest test score as a number 11 when they struck an impressive 98 on debut against England as a teenager in 2013.
The 23-year-old has scored two first class centuries and eight half centuries and Smith said they felt Agar could potentially transform into a batsman who bowls rather than a bowler who can bat.
"I think he's got that ability," Smith told Cricket Australia's website (www.cricket.com.au).
"Right now... he's probably playing mainly as a spinner who can bat a bit. But I think he's certainly got the capability to bat in the top six at some point."
NEW YORK (AP) — A $25 million pledge to fight the food industry's influence on public health is coming from a surprising source — the CEO of a snack bar maker.
Kind founder Daniel Lubetzky says he's pledging their own money to create a group called “Feed the Truth” dedicated to revealing corporate influence in the nutrition field, with activities like education campaigns and investigative journalism.
The move underscores the division between older “Big Food” companies and newer businesses that market themselves as wholesome alternatives aligned with health advocates. Kind, known for its fruit and nut bars, touts its use of “real” ingredients and has proven deft at mixing marketing with nutrition issues.
A public health and ethics expert not involved with the group says much depends on how it is set up, and that one tactic to neutralize potential critics is to engage them.
Advertisement
Three high-profile health and nutrition experts have been enlisted to name Feed the Truth's board, which will hire an executive director. Lubetzky said they and Kind will have no involvement, and the group will be free to scrutinize the company. “We don't have any skeletons in our closet,” they said.
Since Kind was launched in 2004, the company's annual revenue has grown to $673.4 million, according to market researcher Euromonitor.
The company was in the spotlight after the Food and Drug Administration warned that it was inappropriately using the term “healthy” on packaging. Kind launched a petition asking the FDA to update its guidelines, saying the fat in almonds and avocados shouldn't count against it, and declared victory when the agency said last year it was re-evaluating.
Lubetzky cited that experience and recent reporting by The Associated Press and The New York Times revealing the food industry's influence on nutrition science for their decision to create Feed the Truth. Kind said they will sign a letter of intent to donate $2.5 million a year for the next 10 years.
The irony of such a group being established by a snack bar CEO is not lost on Marion Nestle, a professor of food studies at New York University who is helping nominate the board. They said they usually keep industry at arm's length, but found Lubetzky “very persuasive” and felt Feed the Truth could raise awareness about corporate influence in nutrition research.
Deb Eschmeyer, a senior policy adviser on nutrition under the Obama administration, said the project reflects the new ways companies and executives are engaging with the public. Michael Jacobson, executive director of the advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest, said the money being pledged in advance should help give the group independence.
Kind said the three advisers are not being paid, though it covered Nestle's travel costs for a meeting. The company said it would not be involved once the board is established.
Leigh Turner, a professor at the University of Minnesota's School of Public Health, said that whether the group remains free from Lubetzky and Kind's influence remains to be seen. They noted that engaging critics is one way for companies to neutralize them, and that the group could be a boon to Kind's image.
“This is a business that wants to present itself as a healthy alternative to candy bars,” Turner said.
As an example of how Kind presents itself, the company launched a “Nutrition Collective” for dietitians last year, which it said was for discussion of major public health issues. A signup page said members would not be paid, but being involved included letting people how “Kind can be a part of their new lifestyle.”
Although Feed the Truth may boost Kind's image, Lubetzky said that wasn't the goal.
“I would hope that people say, OK, these guys are doing the right thing for society, I'm going to be more loyal to the brand,” Lubetzky said.
____
Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi
Pacific Rim: Uprising knows how you like your robots: Huge, and piloted by John Boyega speaking in their actual English accent. Also it knows how you like your Kaiju monsters — larger than ever before and with “evolved” abilities.
The new trailer of the movie makes the sequel to Guillermo Del Toro's loving mega monster flick look like a very, very fun ride that succeeds by embracing fully what it is, and generally rollicking in giant-scale combat among city fixtures.
Things look perhaps a bit more Power Rangers here than in the first movie, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Even so, things could still go very wrong with this sequel — but let's hope it goes very well and we get Pacific Rim sequels forever in perpetuity. I basically want it to be the Fast & Furious of the Kaiju genre.
Copa and Cogeca has fully backed the EU's decision to ban meat imports from 20 Brazilian meat plants and has called for results from the European Parliament's latest mission to Brazil to be urgently examined too.
Copa and Cogeca Secretary-General Pekka Pesonen said: “We are behind the EU Commission's proposal to block meat imports coming from 20 Brazilian meat plants as they fail to meet the EU's high standards. This is not the first time that insufficient controls have been detected there. We cannot afford to undermine the high quality and traceability standards that we have in the EU.”
Chairman of Copa and Cogeca's beef working party Jean Pierre Fleury also urged the Commission to assess results from European Parliament's fact finding mission to the meat sector in Brazil this April and to take action. The call came after French MEP Michel Dantin presented the report to Copa and Cogeca's beef working party this week, saying: “After our mission in Brazil, it is clear now that Brazil does not fulfil basic EU sanitary requirements. EU trade negotiators should have this in mind when granting major concessions to Brazil in the EU-Mercosur deal. This is the health of our citizens and the future of farmers and rural areas which is at stake.”
Studies also show that the EU is already 102% self-sufficient in beef production and that the cumulative impact of trade deals being negotiated with non-EU countries combined with the potential impact of Brexit would cause the market to be oversupplied and beef prices to plummet by 16%, putting at risk growth and jobs in rural areas.
Copa and Cogeca consequently has urged the EU not to give any further concessions on sensitive agriculture products in return for gains in other economic sectors in the trade talks with the Latin American trade block Mercosur. The majority of EU beef, sugar, rice, ethanol, poultry and orange juice imports already come from these countries. They believe the current EU offer is already unrealistic and seriously endangers the EU's agriculture sector.
BINGHAMTON, N.Y. -- Mets closer Jeurys Familia pitched an inning for Double-A Binghamton on Monday as they prepare to return from a 15-game suspension under Major League Baseball's domestic violence policy.
Familia worked a 1-2-3 sixth inning against Portland in their second appearance this season, throwing six of their nine pitches for strikes.  They are eligible to return to New York's roster Thursday, when the team wraps up a three-game home series against Philadelphia.
Familia's suspension stems from an altercation with their wife last fall. They were arrested Oct. 31 on a simple assault charge, but prosecutors later dropped the case. Under the domestic violence policy, a player can be disciplined absent a criminal conviction
Familia can participate in up to six minor league games while serving the penalty.
Big Bang's G-Dragon (YG Entertainment)
As of 10:55 p.m. on Wednesday, Big Bang's G-Dragon sold 1,000,297 copies of “Kwon Ji Yong” on QQ Music. (Captured from QQ Music)
G-Dragon's solo album “Kwon Ji Yong” has set the charts on fire in China.As of 10:55 p.m. on Wednesday, the singer has set the record of selling over one million copies of their latest album on QQ Music, the biggest music site in China.“Kwon Ji Yong” set the record within six days of its release, the shortest time ever for an artist, as well as selling the most number of albums so far this year on the website.The digital album is being sold at 10 yuan ($1.5) per copy on QQ Music.G-Dragon also sold over 4,000 copies of the album within 24 hours of its release in US, once more proving their popularity.Meanwhile, the singer kicked off their world tour “2017 Concert: Act III, M.O.T.T.E” in Seoul on Saturday.  They are currently preparing for upcoming solo concerts, which will take place in Macau on Saturday and Sunday.By Jie Ye-eun ( yeeunjie@heraldcorp.com
LONDON (Reuters) - Two North Korean Nordic skiers have been invited to take part in next month's Pyeongchang Paralympics, the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) said on Friday.
North Korea would march together with South Korean athletes under a unified flag at the opening ceremony on March 9 if the offer was accepted, it added in a statement.
“Now that we have offered two bipartite slots to North Korean athletes I am extremely hopeful that the country will compete at its first Paralympic Winter Games this March,” said IPC president Andrew Parsons.
Bipartite invitations are made on a discretionary basis by the IPC and the respective international federation for the sport.
The Paralympics take place after the Feb. 9-25 Winter Olympics in the South Korean mountain resort.
North Korean athletes are due to take part in those Games, which will also see the two countries compete with a joint women's ice hockey team and march together under one flag.
North and South Korea remain technically at war after their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce rather than a peace treaty.
Tensions escalated dramatically last year as the North Korean regime of Kim Jong-un stepped up its programme aimed at developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of striking the United States.
The IPC said it had invited North Korean para Nordic skiers Jonghyon Kim and Yuchol Ma, who both competed at a World Cup in Oberried, Germany, last month with funding from the Asian Paralympic Committee and Agitos Foundation.
North Korea has competed previously at Summer Paralympics, with two athletes in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 and one in London four years earlier.
“We want as many countries as possible competing at the Pyeongchang 2018 Paralympic Winter Games and I think North Korea's participation will send out a very strong message of bringing peace through sport,” said Parsons.
“For both countries to march together at the opening and closing ceremonies will be a very special and historic moment and the result of a fantastic team effort by many parties.”
The IPC said the North Korean team would, like all nations competing at the March 9-18 Paralympics, receive a travel grant provided by the organising committee.
MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab (CSAIL) wants to ensure your streaming video experience stays smooth. A research team led by MIT professor Mohammad Alizadeh has developed an artificial intelligence (dubbed ‘Pensieve') that can select the best algorithms for ensuring video streams both without interruption, and at the best possible playback quality.
The method improves upon existing tech, including the adaptive bitrate (ABR) method used by YouTube that throttles back quality to keep videos playing, albeit with pixelation and other artifacts. The AI can select different algorithms depending on what kind of network conditions a device is experiencing, cutting down on the downsides associated with any one method.
During experimentation, the CSAIL research team behind this method found that video streamed with between 10 and 30 percent less rebuffing, with 10 to 25 percent improved quality. Those gains would definitely add up to a significantly improved experience for most video viewers, especially over a long period.
Pensieve overview Pensieve outperforming existing approaches Pensieve neural network detailed diagram View Slideshow Previous Next Exit
The difference in CSAIL's Pensieve approach vs. traditional methods is mainly in its use of a neural network instead of sticking to a strictly algorithmic-based approach. The neural net learns how to optimize through a reward system that incentivizes smoother video playback, rather than setting out defined rules about what algorithmic techniques to use when buffering video.
Researchers say the system is also potentially tweakable on the user end, depending on what they want to prioritize in playback: You could, for instance, set Pensieve to optimize for playback quality, or conversely, for playback speed, or even for conservation of data.
The team is making their project code open source for Pensieve at SIGCOMM next week in LA, and they expect that when trained on a larger data set, it could provide even greater improvements in terms of performance and quality. They're also now going to test applying it to VR video, since the high bitrates required for a quality experience there are well suited to the kinds of improvements Pensieve can offer.
I'd prefer to think I'm ahead of my time instead of a contrarian. My wife and I cut the cord many years ago, and have survived ever since on discs, downloads, streaming media, and over-the-air (OTA) programming. OTA has been a surprisingly rich source of enjoyable shows, especially from our local PBS stations and alternative standard-definition channels from network-affiliated broadcasters.
One thing we've faced, however, is a shortage of options to record programs. Because digital video recorders (DVRs) shifted a few years ago to being mostly a commodity item offered by a programming provider like Xfinity or Dish, the market for standalone units shrunk. There are a few: Tablo, Tivo, and a couple of more niche brands.
However, these standalone units record data to internal drives, and rely on apps, streaming, and other controls to give you access. Since I have a Mac that's on all the time and has terabytes of available storage, I'd prefer keeping control in my hands, storing recordings locally on my Mac, and choosing how I time and space shift. It also gives me the option to trim out commercials before watching a movie.
During 2016, macOS choices increased from one—eyeTV 3, now from Geniatech—to four. Three new systems are in various stages of beta testing, and some should be in production release soon. DVR options are now available in public beta as part of Plex Media Server, as a server component that works the Channels set of tuner apps, and from SiliconDust, makers of the HDHomeRun networked TV tuner. (The open-source MythTV is a fifth option, but it's not for the faint of heart, and after reviewing installation instructions, I opted against testing it.)
[Further reading: How to cut the cord without resorting to a pricey streaming-TV bundle]
The unifying factor in all these systems in the U.S. is purchasing a networked tuner from SiliconDust, which has three current models. All the DVR software I examined supports these models; SiliconDust's DVR offering includes support for a fourth, discontinued model.
The HDHomeRun Connect ($93 on Amazon) and HDHomeRun Extend ($179.99 MSRP; available on Amazon) versions both have two tuners, but the Connect streams high-bandwidth uncompressed video (usually in MPEG2 format), which can run 20Mbps for HD content. The Extent has built-in on-the-fly H.264 compression, which produces a dramatically smaller file. (I reviewed to Connect two years ago. It's essentially unchanged.)
There's a third model too, called HDHomeRun Prime ($120 on Amazon), which adds an additional tuner connected to a slot for a CableCard, an erratically supported U.S. standard that lets you use BYOB tuner/DVR with cable service, including encrypted signals, but not those that also have DRM on top.
All three versions plug into a network via 100Mbps ethernet and have a coaxial connection for an internal or external ATSC antenna, although each can also be used with subscription cable TV, from which it can handle Clear QAM (unencrypted cable) signals. When a networked app or device connects to one of the tuners, the hardware marks it as in use. You can attach multiple HDHomeRun boxes to a network if you need more than two simultaneous TV tuners.
I highly recommend the Extent version, even though it costs about $80 more than Connect, because transcoding MPEG2 into any more efficient format taxes most Macs' processors. (eyeTV is the only app that even offers transcoding via export; the rest transcode on the fly.) Hard-disk storage is cheap, but H.264 is easier to move around a network or store on an iOS device for offline watching.
My longest experience on the software side is with eyeTV. I used it first with an Elgato tuner that's no longer made, and then with an HDHomeRun Connect. (In other countries, you should have other USB or networked tuner options, and some of these software packages will work outside the U.S. with those devices.)
You might be surprised as to the number of channels you can pick up in your area and what's delivered. AntennaWeb will show which channels should have available signals at your address, and the expected quality of reception. My wife and I had to put an antenna on our roof because we live in a radio shadow at the bottom of a hill on which many TV towers sit on the top out of line of sie. The roof-mounted antenna lets us pick up dozens of channels, with HD reception coming through just fine.
What each of the DVRs offers is a program guide; the ability to record at will or via schedules, including recurring programs; and access to your recorded programs from within a network. Some offer Internet-based remote access, live TV viewing, and native apps for iOS and Apple TV as well as other platforms.
eyeTV is in commercial release. The other three I cover are in testing, so we aren't ready to review them until they're in release form as a server or service. Instead, I'll provide a feature overview.
eyeTV
The €79.95 ($85) eyeTV 3 macOS apps is showing its age. Despite consistent updates and bug fixes, the fundamental software looks unchanged from years ago, and remains just as frustrating to use now as then.
eyeTV orients itself around a programming grid, which in the U.S. requires a yearly €17.95 ($19) subscription to TV Guide. The subscription includes actors on shows and a brief description, but no show art and no links from names to find other shows they're in. There's no graphical way to browse or group by series, genre, or the like.
IDG eyeTV hasn't changed much in years, offering a bare-bones DVR approach.
The app offers a variety of ways to record via the guide. You can record an individual TV program, but if it's part of an ongoing show, series, or the like, the app provides a button to let you record all occurrences as a Smart Guide.
Smart Guides can have a number of criteria, so you can grab Saturday Night Live, no matter what network on which it appears, or only when it's on your local NBC affiliate. You can also set up Smart Guides for actors, choose only HDTV broadcasts, or only shows with subtitles.
eyeTV is a scheduler, recorder, and player all in one, and you can tune live television through it as well. The app can be reached on a local network as a server through Safari using Bonjour to view a stripped-down playback interface.
There's no Apple TV app, so the iOS app ($5) is the best way to push programs to your Apple TV through AirPlay. The experience is inconsistent and miserable, unfortunately. The iOS app can connect for remote access to eyeTV in macOS if you set up a free account and have the right network configuration. (I have a “double NAT” due to my ISP's peculiarity. While some remote-control apps can traverse that, eyeTV cannot.)
Unlike the other DVRs in testing, you can transcode recordings from eyeTV to iTunes, and set that up as an automatic option after the app captures a program. The options include presets for a variety of iOS devices, Apple TV models, and HD formats, and you can customize the settings further. However, transcoding is extremely slow and can drag down the entire Mac as the app doesn't throttle itself when burning CPU cycles.
Exporting to iTunes lets you use an Apple TV to browse for computers and then bring up the converted shows. However, there's no way to delete the recordings from within eyeTV automatically. You can opt to prune what's been stored or otherwise manage storage. As a result, my workflow results in duplicates of everything exported, with the originals chewing up hundreds of gigabytes until I occasionally go through and delete them. Likewise, I have to delete files from iTunes if I no longer want to keep the program.
eyeTV has been a marginally acceptable way for years, and it's facing tough competition from up and comers, as I discuss next.
Plex Media Server with Media Pass options for DVR
Plex is a multi-platform media-organizing and sharing service that sweeps in audio, images, and video, and makes it available to desktop, mobile, and other devices, like Roku, Sony Playstation 4, and Apple TV.
The free version is pretty powerful, but the company added a subscription-based option called Plex Pass that includes a host of extra features, including access to a server-based DVR. The DVR is currently in beta, but it's listed as just another current feature on the Plex Pass page. Plex Pass costs $5 a month, $40 a year, or $120 for a lifetime pass.
IDG Plex has the richest programming detail.
You view the program guide and set up recordings via the Plex Media Server in a Web browser. At present, those options aren't available through an iOS or Apple TV app. You also can't watch live TV: the DVR is entirely about setting up future recordings and seeing what's scheduled. A rolling upcoming two weeks of rich programming data comes with the subscription.
IDG Plex allows rich searches across upcoming programming and a media library.
Instead of a programming grid, Plex approaches available programs as it does other media, showing the kinds of things you might want to see instead of focusing on where they're located. A main Discover view mixes everything together, broken up by Starting Soon, On Right Now, New Episodes Tonight, My Upcoming Shows (meaning TV series episodes), Recommended for You, and then upcoming categories for movies, sports, and news. Plex populates My Upcoming Shows based on recordings you've already made, while Recommendations are drawn from the broader Plex ecosystem of media you've loaded.
The Discover menu also lets you select Movies, News, Shows (TV series), and Sports, and then offers a custom approach to each topic. Under Shows, for instance, the default view is by series name, noting how many upcoming episodes are in the programming listing in the next two weeks. Click the show and it provides episode summaries and cast information. Click Record and Plex records all instances, with options you can choose. Or you can pick individual episodes.
The search features are very rewarding, as you can pull movies by title, actor, director, words in a program description, and other details.
Once you've picked anything to record, the Recording Schedule view shows a very very nice visualization of upcoming programs along a calendar view, which you switch to an “agenda” view that lists them in order. A Recording Priority sidebar lets you decide conflicts between overlaps with your available tuners for simultaneous programs.
Among many nice touches, you can opt while setting up or revising a recording within advanced settings to Replace Lower Resolution Items. If you captured an SD version of a TV program, Plex will replace any recording in your library with an HD version if you schedule it. This can be useful for movies, especially.
While the DVR feature is still in testing at this writing, it feels close to finished and tests out well. Plex including a DVR feature and programming guide as part of its larger package of features makes it a solid bargain. Plex Pass includes offline mobile access, cloud sync (to Dropbox, Google Drive, and personal OneDrive accounts), and parental controls, among other features.
NIAGARA FALLS, ONT.—Marineland Canada says it's mourning the passing of a “beloved” beluga whale at its facility in Niagara Falls, Ont.
Marineland issued a statement Monday morning saying the whale named Gia died suddenly, and that preliminary results of a necropsy indicate the cause of death was a twisted small intestine that resulted in a fatal blockage.
The statement says Gia was born at Marineland and had appeared to be healthy until their sudden passing. It adds that the young whale will be deeply missed by everyone at Marineland.
It notes that shortly after their birth, Gia's mother stopped nursing them and they were cared for by a marine mammal team that worked with their 18 hours a day until they developed proper eating habits.
Marineland says complete necropsy results will be provided when received.
Athletics: Coe bemoans Bolt's 'devastating moment'
by Reuters 14 Aug 2017, 08:26 IST
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men's 100 Metre Final – London Stadium, London, Britain - August 6, 2017. Usain Bolt of Jamaica is presented their bronze medal by by IAAF president Sebastian Coe. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
By Mitch Phillips
LONDON (Reuters) - Sebastian Coe said they felt huge sympathy for Usain Bolt after the Jamaican pulled up with a hamstring problem during their final event on Saturday, but believes the great sprinter's departure will open the door for new talent to shine.
"It's a devastating moment if you are mid-race and that happens, it's horrible," the IAAF president told a news conference ahead of the last night's action at the World Athletics Championships on Sunday.
Bolt pulled up while running the anchor leg for Jamaica in the 4x100 relay, their final race before retiring. They will do a farewell lap of honour in the London Stadium on Sunday evening before heading into retirement.
"I do think this gives us an opportunity to cast a light on the young talent that's out there," Coe said.
"I can't remember a time when the competition has been so competitive and the stories around them so compelling," they added.
"We have had some of the youngest-ever medallists and the emergence of such extraordinary young talent is what many people will remember this event for," Coe said.
"This is a really comforting place to be in at a time when we are asking what the sport looks like after Mo (Farah) and Bolt and for example with the emergence of (American 100 metres silver medallist) Christian Coleman we may be looking at the future face of sprinting for the next five years."
LARGE NUMBERS
Coleman was beaten by compatriot Justin Gatlin and large numbers of the 60,000 crowds that packed the stadium each evening loudly booed the man who has served two drug suspensions.
Ed Warner, co-chairperson of the London 2017 organising committee, was surprised by the extent of the booing but understood the reasons.
"My view as the organiser is the fans have the right to come and express their views about doping in our sport and people feel very passionate about it," they said.
Coe said they did not like to hear jeering but accepted that fans felt strongly about the issue.
"I would rather not see athletes who have tested positive winning some of the biggest titles in our sport but they are entitled to be here," they said.
"I don't think the IAAF has singled Gatlin out but we're not here to choreograph public opinion.
"I thought in a way the athletes took the lead in a dignified way that Usain dealt with they situation took some of the tension out of the response by the time we get to the medal ceremony."
After two years during which the sport has been battered by doping and corruption issues Coe said they felt the last 10 days had helped the process of recovery.
"I'm speaking to federations, coaches and athletes more than ever before and my instinct is that there is a confidence and people are proud to be involved and seen to be involved in athletics," they said.
Coe believes the sport needed to learn lessons from the success of London and apply them to the Diamond League and other events and create a calendar that everybody can understand.
"If we don't don't get those things right then everything we've achieved here will be a happy memory but won't be a springboard," they said.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
indigents, battered la
Focus zx1
dies or childrenFamily repurchaseCommens' homesIglesiasImagen t Focus zx1 led Be a clever student Step man or woman and that you can do the whole thing. most guys can not! nobody says you need to be top at those sports. in case you are a celebr Focus zx1 y basketball player,
http://supplementlab.org/focus-zx1/
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
NEW YORK -- Major League Baseball is working to finalize a two-game series between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox at London's Olympic Stadium on June 29-30 in 2019, the sport's first regular-season games in Europe.
The Red Sox have the option of having both games be Boston home games, the person familiar with the planning said. The person spoke on condition of anonymity Monday because no announcement had been made.
Baseball officials have long hoped for games in London and settled last year on Olympic Stadium, which is in its second season as home of West Ham of the Premier League. Because it originally was built for a 400-meter track, it is wider than other large stadiums in the London area and can best accommodate the dimensions of a baseball field.
MLB chose the June window because it is after the Premier League season and before the stadium must be made available for summer track and field events. MLB hopes to make an announcement within the next two months.
Each player would get $60,000 for participating in the games, according to the collective bargaining agreement.
MLB is playing regular-season games in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and Monterrey, Mexico, this year.
Baseball opened its season in Monterrey in 1999 (Rockies-Padres); at the Tokyo Dome in 2000 (Cubs-Mets), 2004 (Rays-Yankees), 2008 (Red Sox-Athletics) and 2012 (Mariners-Athletics); and in Sydney, Australia, in 2014 (Dodgers-Diamondbacks). The collective bargaining agreement had a provision for a 2019 opener in Toyko.
Additional regular-season games were played in Monterrey in 1996 (Padres-Mets); and in San Juan in 2001 (Blue Jays-Rangers), 2003-04 (a total of 43 Montreal home games) and 2010 (Mets-Marlins).
Triple Talaq, as practised in India, is against the principles of the Holy Quran and the law of the land. Why should the Constitution of India allow Muslim husbands to perform Triple Talaq to their wives as they have to suffer the consequences with no alimony at all throughout their life? By merely pronouncing Triple Talaq verbally or through social media is sinful because the man violates the sanctity of marriage and dehumanises the woman.
It is a sad thing that the Muslim Personal Law Board continues its negative stand on the issue of Triple Talaq. It was hoped that being citizens of a democratic, progressive and responsive society, the Indian Muslim clerics and other religious leaders would support steps that empower Muslim women and discard gender discriminatory practices such as Triple Talaq. As many as 22 Muslim countries, including Pakistan and Bangladesh, have abandoned such medieval anti-women measures explicitly or implicitly.
Thanks to Indian Muslim women's campaign against Triple Talaq and their approach to the Supreme Court, the latter dismissed it as illegal and unconstitutional. In response to the demands for legislation, a Bill is already being enacted. How can any caring and responsible elected administration even think of doing something to ‘destroy Muslim families'? If the India Muslim Personal Law Board is genuinely concerned, why can't they propose suitable reforms in the proposed Bill, instead of indulging in an aggressive propaganda? According to Mark, Chapter 10, verse 9 the Holy Bible tells us that ‘What God has put together let no man asunder' This means that when a couple gets married, God is the one that puts them together, and no man should try to separate them.
JUBEL D'CRUZ
Mumbai, India
Related
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hub International Ltd:
* HUB INTERNATIONAL ACQUIRES THE ASSETS OF INDIANA-BASED SUSORENY & ASSOCIATES, INC.
* HUB INTERNATIONAL LTD - ‍TERMS OF ACQUISITION WERE NOT DISCLOSED​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Berwick-upon-Tweed is one of the largest agricultural constituencies in the UK.
Like the rest of the North East, it receives far more in EU support than its taxpayers send to Brussels.
Parliamentary democracy can only function if the electorate is confident that elected MPs represent the broad interests of their constituency.
Each time the UK appears to take a step towards the vital trade deal with the EU, a group of MPs, a ‘party within a party', ironically called The European Research Group, opposes the deal. This group wants a complete break from the EU and to start trading from scratch with other countries, which instead of 22 miles are almost all thousands of miles away.
It is not just farms and other rural businesses and jobs, but the health of our children at stake.
The ERG is pinning its hopes on sacrificing British jobs, businesses and farms to Donald Trump's America.
Wilbur Ross, their trade secretary, made it clear that in any trade deal the US would demand the removal of our welfare and health restrictions so that it could send us not only its infamous chicken, but hormone-filled beef and pig meat laced with Ractopamine, a growth promoter banned everywhere except the US.
Broader political common sense will hopefully see an EU/UK trade deal in which 40 per cent of our lamb will continue to go to the Continent.
But this does not relieve our MP Anne-Marie Trevelyan of the responsibility of clearly explaining to the people of north Northumberland why they have allied themselves with members of The European Research Group.
Aidan Harrison
Rothbury
GREENVILLE, N.C. — Shawn Williams knocked down six 3-pointers, made 8 of 9 free throws to score a career-high 30 points as East Carolina — the nation's worst 3-point-shooting team — went off from deep to defeat Memphis 88-85 in overtime on Saturday.
East Carolina (9-13, 3-8 American) trailed 80-78 early in overtime when Williams nailed consecutive 3-pointers in the span of 43 seconds. The Pirates made 11 of 24 from distance, or 46 per cent. ECU was 351st, dead last, among NCAA teams in 3-point shooting this season, making 27 per cent (108 of 396) from distance before Saturday.
Isaac Fleming recorded the first triple-double in program history for ECU with 11 points, 10 rebounds and 11 assists. Kentrell Barkley scored 19 points with 13 rebounds and B.J. Tyson added 14 points.
ECU never trailed after Williams' back-to-back 3s, but Memphis (14-9, 5-5) twice came within a point.
WWE News: Trish Stratus opens up about their WWE return
Could there be another surprising return in the near future?
Phillipa Marie ANALYST News 30 May 2018, 23:41 IST 722 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Trish Stratus opens up about their WWE return
What's the story?
Trish Stratus was one of the surprises in this year's Women's Royal Rumble match and the WWE Hall of Famer has finally opened up about how they found out they were going to be part of the match.
In case you didn't know...
Trish Stratus is still considered to be one of the most decorated female wrestlers of all time and a woman that inspired many of the current rosters to pursue a career in the squared circle.
The former seven-time Women's Champion retired from the company back in 2006, just weeks before their wedding, and over the past 12 years, they have started their own family.
Stratus has returned to the company a number of times since their retirement, but this year's Rumble match was the first time since they became a mother of two, since their daughter Madison only arrived last year.
The heart of the matter
Stratus was someone that the WWE Universe expected to be part of the Women's Royal Rumble since they are one of the biggest female legends in the history of the company, but it appears that Trish themselves wasn't fully prepared for the opportunity.
The former Champion recently spoke with Niagra Falls Review, where they were able to reveal when they found out that they were making their return. (Transcript via PWMania)
“I got the word on Dec. 26 … I was eating a chocolate peanut butter ball. I was like, ‘Oh my God!' I put the peanut butter ball down and said, ‘OK, let me talk to my family.' I called a friend of mine in Toronto — whenever there's a TV show or production that needs a ring, he's the guy — and I said, ‘Can we get a ring set up? I might have an opportunity, and before I say yes to them, I have to make sure I can still do this.'"
Trish hasn't wrestled full time in more than a decade, but it appears that the star was able to slip back into the sport quite easily.
"Wrestling is like riding a bike, it really came quicker than I thought. My body definitely knows what to do. Was I little sore? Yes, absolutely. My body was like, ‘Why did you just throw yourself down from five feet up?' My body was reminding me that's not normal.”
What's next?
Women's Tag Team Championships could be in the works for WWE moving forward and it could be a fantastic reason for Trish and Lita to return and show that they've still got it.
Are you glad that Trish was included in the Women's Royal Rumble? Would you like to see them return to the company in the future? Sounds off in the comments section below!
There will be no offeseason holdout for two-time Pro Bowl receiver Jarvis Landry.
The Miami Dolphins' leading receiver was present Monday for the start of the team's offseason workout program. The team's website provided pictures of Landry and other players arriving this morning.
Landry is entering the final year of their rookie contract and is to make $893,850 in 2017, which is significantly below market value for their level of production. The sides are expected to reach an agreement before the start of the regular season.
Landry's arrival perhaps is a sign of optimism that things will get worked out sooner than later.
DHL Express, the world's leading international express services provider recently announced its partnership with MallforAfrica , the award-winning global e-commerce company, which will facilitate selling of made-in-Africa products to customers in the United States. Businesses can do so via the eBay platform powered by MallforAfrica. Through this partnership, DHL locations will serve as drop-off points for products destined for consumers in the United States. This will be the first time businesses in Africa can sell their locally manufactured products directly on eBay.
DHL Express currently handles inbound express delivery for MallforAfrica and has enabled its customers importing from the US to receive their packages seamlessly in Nigeria, Kenya, Rwanda and Ghana. This is a watershed partnership for African businesses as it allows them an avenue to trade on the global stage.
“We have been partners with DHL Express for many years and have tremendous trust in their ability to ship to our customers,” said Chris Folayan, CEO, MallforAfrica. “Both companies have a common goal of seeing African e-commerce businesses thrive on the global stage. We want to contribute to the future of e-commerce growth, African cross-border sales and most importantly, improve the lives of African artisanal arts, designs, crafts and more.”
MallforAfrica is Africa's largest e-commerce enabler, providing Africans with a platform through which they can purchase items directly from over 200 international online retailers, such as Macy's, eBay, Ralph Lauren, Net-a-Porter, Carters, GAP, and FarFetch – brands that, would otherwise be inaccessible to the African consumers. By managing every aspect of the order and return cycle, the MallforAfrica app offers its customers a simple, secure and convenient solution to online shopping directly from the best brands in the world.
“We are proud to be playing a crucial role in connecting African artists with American customers through MallforAfrica,” said Randy Buday, Regional Director West and Central Africa, DHL Express. “We look forward to supporting local artisans across Africa sell into America. ‘Brand Africa' is something that has increased exponentially in popularity in recent years and this platform allows businesses to capitalize on international opportunities through seamless international trade.”
“As a business, we are focused on connecting African consumers and businesses to global opportunities. Digitalization has reduced the boundaries of doing business across borders – consumers are now able to access goods and services from pretty much anywhere in the world, and we are excited to be the ones facilitating this so African artisans can get access to the global audience they so deserve,” concluded Buday.
Aug 12, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Kevin Kisner tees off on the fifth hole during the third round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Kevin Kisner survived a poor finish to limp in with a one-stroke lead over Hideki Matsuyama and Chris Stroud as the third round of the PGA Championship turned into a battle of attrition on Saturday.
On a day when Australian Jason Day plunged out of contention with a quadruple-bogey at the last, Kisner eked out a one-over 72 on a Quail Hollow course that bared its teeth, despite Friday's rain and little wind.
Kisner, not the longest of hitters but unerringly accurate for the most part until they double-bogeyed the 16th and bogeyed the last, posted a seven-under 206 total, one stroke ahead of fellow American Stroud (71) and Japan's Matsuyama (73).
American Justin Thomas and South African Louis Oosthuizen were two behind heading into the final round of the year's last major.
On undulating greens, some of the hole locations were extremely difficult, with nobody on the leaderboard shooting better than the 68 by Canadian Graham DeLaet, who went six-under in a remarkable four-hole stretch to vault within five strokes of the lead.
Kisner lamented squandering the chance to eliminate more rivals. They had hardly put a foot wrong until pulling their approach into water at the par-four 16th.
"I had a chance to run away from guys and take people out of the tournament that were four or five (or) six back, and I didn't do it. Now I'm in a dogfight tomorrow and I have to be prepared for that," said the world number 25.
"I didn't make the putts I've been making the first two days and just terrible finish there.
"It feels easy until you smack one in the water and then it seems hard again."
Despite that, Kisner could capture the title in just their 12th major start.
"It's a dream to win a major. That's what I grew up practising and playing, to play on the PGA Tour and to have a chance in major championships," said the two-time tour winner.
"The way my game's progressed over my career, I like where I am, and I like having a chance tomorrow. It will be awesome to take home the Wanamaker Trophy."
Matsuyama, tied for the halfway lead, had high hopes of moving into position to become the first Japanese man to win a major.
Instead, they bogeyed the first and never got anything going, making just one birdie all day and hitting more than their share of errant shots.
But by parring the brutally-difficult final three holes, known as the 'Green Mile' with water lurking, they stayed very much in contention.
"I'm disappointed with the day I played today. However, I'm happy to be just one stroke back and still have a chance," they said.
Stroud was also still standing despite bogeying the final two holes, six days after recording their first PGA Tour victory in Reno, Nevada.
"It played very difficult today," said the 35-year-old American, who recorded their first PGA Tour victory in Reno, Nevada six days ago.
"Didn't do anything great today but I didn't do anything bad. I made some great pars and at the end of the day I've got a chance. Last week gave me an unbelievable sense of calm.
"I've never felt so relaxed on the golf course and it's a lot of the reason I'm playing so well."
Texan Jordan Spieth surrendered any chance of completing the career grand slam for at least 12 months, a double-bogey at the last leaving them 10 shots off the pace.
Pre-championship favourite Rory McIlroy was also out of contention, 11 back.
Sony's “Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle” is expected to take back its reigning title at the domestic box office this weekend with nearly $11 million from 3,352 locations.
The weekend will mark “Jumanji's” fourth at the top of the box office after losing its seat last weekend to the opening of Fox's “Maze Runner: The Death Cure,” which is headed for about $10 million from 3,793 locations this weekend. This weekend's opener, Helen Mirren's thriller “Winchester,” is looking to take in about $9 million from 2,480 after bringing in about $3 million in Friday previews, including $615,000 from Thursday.
“Jumanji” has had an unusual route to the top, taking a backseat to “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” for its first two weekends in theaters starting in December. Since nabbing the first place slot, however, it has shown noteworthy staying power. The film, starring Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart, has earned $344.5 million in 45 days and is the 45th highest-grossing domestic film of all time. This weekend's take should bring its North American total to over $350 million.
“Maze Runner: The Death Cure,” the third and final installment of the “Maze Runner” series, stars Dylan O'Brien as a young man trying to survive in a dystopian universe. It opened to $24 million at 3,787 sites and has earned $32.5 million in its first eight days. The film's release was delayed for a year due to injuries that O'Brien sustained on the set in 2016.
Related Box Office: Helen Mirren's 'Winchester' Aims for Top of Moderate Super Bowl Weekend Box Office: Helen Mirren's 'Winchester' Haunts $615,000 on Thursday Night
“Winchester” centers on a real-life house in San Jose, Calif. built by Sarah Winchester (Mirren), the heiress to the Winchester firearms fortune, over 38 years beginning in 1886. The mansion, which stands seven stories tall, contains hundreds of rooms and is meant to be an asylum for vengeful ghosts.
CBS Films bought the movie rights for $3.5 million, and the film is being distributed in partnership with Lionsgate. Directed by the the Spierig brothers, the film is headed for a bigger opening than expected — it had been tracking in the $6-8 million range — despite its somewhat contradictory B- CinemaScore and 10% Rotten Tomatoes rating.
In fourth place is Fox's reliable musical, “The Greatest Showman,” now its its seventh frame. The Hugh Jackman film is set to take in almost $8 million from 2,588 locations for a cumulative $137 million. In fifth is Entertainment Studios' “Hostiles,” an 1890-set saga starring Christian Bale and set to take in an estimated $5 million for a roughly $17 million domestic total.
Studios are reluctant to open major releases on Super Bowl weekend, leading to slow performance. On the same weekend in 2017, the third frame of “Split” led with $14.4 million, edging Paramount's launch of “Rings” ($13 million).
Business should pick up on Feb. 9 when Universal launches “Fifty Shades Freed,” with tracking showing an opening of at least $35 million. Sony is also debuting the CGI/live-action “Peter Rabbit” and Warner Bros. will debut Clint Eastwood's real-life thriller “15:17 to Paris.” And the Feb. 16 launch of Disney-Marvel's “Black Panther” is set to explode at the box office with early tracking showing an opening of as much as $150 million over the Presidents Day weekend.
"He would do anything for the team," said former sevens teammate Sean Duke, who scored 124 tries for Canada. "The amount that guy works is insane. And he's always been that way.
"He's one of the toughest players I've ever played with. Probably the toughest. They will put their head anywhere. He's not afraid of anything."
Duke noted how Moonlight would always be the one sprinting towards an opposition try-scorer, busting a gut to deny an easy conversion from under the posts.
Moonlight played in a Canadian-record 318 matches on the World Series, 14th on the all-time list, and scored 580 points.
Moonlight was the longtime Canadian skipper but shared the captaincy recently with Nate Hirayama and Harry Jones after missing time with the team to take a firefighting course in Texas.
Former Canadian seven coach Liam Middleton called Moonlight "the full package."
"John's a phenomenal person, first and foremost," Middleton, a native of Zimbabwe who has coached around the world, said in 2015. "He's one of the most exceptional people I've met in my rugby career. Fantastic leader, a guy of high great integrity. Huge work rate."
After becoming a carded athlete, Moonlight honed their body in the weight room. Watching them run, it was hard not to marvel at the muscles in their legs.
Moonlight does not expect to continue playing rugby at club level but hopes to stay involved in the sport, helping young talent develop. And while they have experienced both the highs and lows of Canadian rugby, they are optimistic about the future of the sport here.
"I see there's some good people, especially in the sevens program, trying to do good things," Moonlight said. "If we get the (talent) development right, I think Rugby Canada is going to get themselves back on track."
Their next goal is to compete in an Ironman triathlon.
Quiet by nature, Moonlight led by example, according to Duke.
"That's the best way to do it," Duke said. "You can't talk the talk without walking the walk. And they definitely walked the walk."
Moonlight, who also won 23 caps for the 15s team including three games at the 2015 World Cup, counts the 2017 Singapore win as one of their career highlights.
"(It was) huge for me," they said. "One of the things I always said in my career was I wanted to lift a cup before I ended (playing)."
They also pointed to the roar that greeted the Canadian team when it ran out in the inaugural Canada Sevens tournament at Vancouver's B.C. Place Stadium in 2016.
"To be able to represent our country in our country and have so many people cheering for us. That's one of those moments I'll never forget. It was so loud in there."
Moonlight repaid the favour, bulling their way over for the decisive try with no time remaining to complete a 19-17 comeback win over France in the Bowl final.
And they recalled winning the inaugural Pan American Games rugby sevens gold in Guadalajara in 2011 — sharing a post-game celebratory pizza in the stadium next to Hirayama and Duke, whose fresh stitches were still leaking blood.
"One of my favourite memories," said Moonlight.
In 2015, when Canada won Pan Am gold in Toronto, they were named Canadian men's sevens player of the year for the fourth straight year.
Moonlight took up the sport in Grade 9 as a back. But after Googling the different positions, they decided the hard-nosed world of a flanker sounded more their style.
They also played hockey, football and volleyball, but started focusing on rugby when Paul Connelly, who taught and coached at Uxbridge Secondary School, told them they were good enough to play for the Canadian under-19 side.
Moonlight made the Ontario team — they had been cut the year before — and earned a spot on the Canadian under-19 squad the next year. Their cousin David Moonlight, a former Canadian international and sevens player of the year, also encouraged him.
John Moonlight, who has lived in Victoria since 2007, joins fellow Canadian rugby internationals Morgan Williams, Chauncey O'Toole and Derek Daypuck in becoming a firefighter.
Moonlight sees similarities between rugby and firefighting in terms of the team approach to both.
"We talk about having trust in each other on the field all the time and trusting that the guy beside you will do their job when you need them to. Well it's the same thing in firefighting. You're always working in pairs and you're always working for the team ... You're successful together, much like on the (playing) field."
---
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
SARS commissioner Tom Moyane has refused after they were asked to resign by President Cyril Ramaphosa.
This publication understands that Ramaphosa asked Moyane to resign on Sunday night‚ but Moyane said they would not do so citing the upcoming revenue results announcement as a reason.
According to sources‚ canvassed by Sowetan's sister publication Business Day Moyane intended using the results announcement to show their success as commissioner despite the tough economic climate.
With a R48bn hole in revenue collection piles further pressure on Moyane‚ particularly as their leadership and handling of the allegations against their second in charge Jonas Makwakwa comes under increased scutiny by Parliament's standing committee on finance.
The Presidency‚ contacted for comment on Monday‚ would not confirm or deny that the President had a discussion with Moyane.
This comes on the cusp of an announcement by Moody's on Friday this week over whether SA's investment status would be downgraded.
SARS on Monday issued a statement saying that Moyane was being villified unnecessarily by the media.
Moyane last week announced the resignation of Makwakwa‚ after the SARS commissioner had shielded them for over a year. Moyane was presented with a Financial Intelligence Centre report into suspicious and unusual transactions into Makwakwa's personal bank accounts and that of their partner Kelly-Anne Elskie in May 2016. After a year-long investigation by international law firm Hogan Lovells‚ Makwakwa was cleared of all charges and returned to work after being suspended for over a year in December last year.
Makwakwa resigned last week after it was revealed that one of the companies channelling money into their personal bank accounts was appointed as a debt collector by SARS.
“Deadliest Catch” star Blake Painter was found dead in their Astoria, Oreg. home May 25. They were 38.
Clatsop County Sheriff Tom Bergin confirmed Painter's death to the Associated Press, stating that they were found when a friend grew concerned and visited the house after being unable to reach Painter.
Bergin said a cause of death would not be released until a toxicology report had been completed, but that there was no apparent evidence of foul play.
Painter found notoriety after appearing on early seasons of the Discovery Channel series, which follows the lives of fishermen in the Alaskan waters of the Bering Sea, paying particular attention to the hazardous nature of the job. An expert crab fisherman, Painter first made appearances on “Deadliest Catch” in 2006 during season 2, but chose to leave the series several episodes into the third season. They worked as an engineer aboard the the F/V Maverick before taking over the captaincy. They later acquired their own vessel, the F/V Tradition, returning the Maverick to Capt. Rick Quashnick.
“Deadliest Catch” premiered in 2005 with 10 episodes, and aired its 13th season in 2017. The series takes place over two fishing seasons, those of the king crab, in October, and the snow crab, in January. Mike Rowe of “Dirty Jobs” narrates the United States version of the series.
(Pictured: Blake Painter, left, with Captain Rick Quashnick, right, in 2006.)
One Night, the last-minute booking app for boutique hotels, is expanding internationally — starting today with London.
One Night was created by Standard International, which is the parent company of Standard Hotels. Originally the company launched an app called One Night Standard, which was a way to get great deals on same-day bookings (starting at 3pm) at Standard properties. But after seeing demand from other boutique hotels looking for a similar offering, the company launched One Night, which now offers rooms at properties in 10 U.S. cities plus London.
While the general premise is similar to incumbent Hotel Tonight, One Night puts a greater emphasis on making sure only highly curated trendy hotels make the cut. For example, in London One Night will have rooms available at The Ned, Soho House's brand-new trendy standalone hotel.
While The Standard's presence in London makes it a logical first step in terms of international expansion, Amar Lalvani, CEO of Standard International, explained that the team is already “looking towards other key markets throughout Europe.”
The app also has some cool features like hour-by-hour city guides that suggest activities near your hotel that you can be doing each hour. Features like this will be especially helpful as the app continues to expand internationally, as U.S. travelers spending time abroad are always looking for better activity and restaurant-suggestion apps.
One Night has seen strong growth since it launched in just NY and LA a little over a year ago. Since June, average daily bookings grew 331 percent, and active users as a percentage of total downloads (i.e. how many downloaders are actually using the app) grew to 48 percent, which is nearly double what it was last year.
Aug 11 (Reuters) - MCAN Mortgage Corp-
* MCAN Mortgage Corporation announces second quarter earnings and third quarter dividend of $0.32 per share
* Q2 earnings per share c$0.39 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MAE SAI, THAILAND—Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them. The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
New video released by Thailand's Navy Seals shows 12 boys and their coach, stuck in a flooded cave. Authorities say the group is relatively healthy and getting food. Officials are deciding how to get them out. (The Associated Press)
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning. The navy later released two more videos of the boys. The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23. The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe. Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
Article Continued Below
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits. In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes. Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children. Read more: Trapped Thai soccer team may need to dive their way out of cave, authorities say Thai rescue teams find all 12 boys, coach alive in cave where they went missing
Thai boys smile as Thai Navy SEAL medic help injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai, northern Thailand. The Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in the partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them. ( Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via The Associated Press )
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside, said they had thought it was a 50 per cent chance that their son would be found. “It's like they have been given a new life,” they said, adding that she'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again.
Article Continued Below
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous. While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing, some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route of narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered. Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing, but they don't believe they have attempted any practice dives.
Rescuer carry water pipe makes their way up at the entrance to a cave complex where 12 boys and their soccer coach were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, in Mae Sai, Chiang Rai province, in northern Thailand on Wednesday. ( Sakchai Lalit/The Associated Press )
They said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted, but it is unlikely to be Wednesday. “If it's risky or not safe, we will not proceed yet,” Narongsak said. “It has to be 100 per cent safe.” Authorities said they were still exploring other options, such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from the cave. Cave rescue experts have said it could be safest to simply supply the boys where they are for now, and wait for the water to go down. That could take months, however, given that Thailand's rainy season typically lasts through October. The British Cave Rescue Council, which has members taking part in the operation , said in a statement that “although water levels have dropped, the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering.”
Thai soldiers make their way down at the entrance to the cave complex on Wednesday. The boys were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. ( Sakchai Lalit/The Associated PREss )
Gary Mitchell, the group's assistant vice chairperson, said getting out of the cave requires about a kilometre (half a mile) of diving total, though not all in one stretch, and takes about three hours. “There's air pockets along the way,” they said. “It's confined spaces. It's almost zero visibility. There are currents to battle against in places as well. So it's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in,” they said.
Read more about:
The New York City Council has sent legislation to Mayor Bill DeBlasio that increases the minimum price of a pack of cigarettes to $13. The legislation also cuts the number of tobacco sellers and bans the sale of tobacco in pharmacies. The mayor is expected to sign the legislation.
The minimum price for a pack of cigarettes is $10.50 and the average price of a pack in the city is $11.23.
The number of retailer licenses to sell tobacco products, including e-cigarettes, will be cut in half over a 10-year period; there are about 9,000 licensed retailers today.
A coalition of New York City convenience stores, bodegas, newsstand operators, independent supermarkets and grocers issued opposition to the proposed council regulations. They said measures to drastically raise prices and taxes, and cut the number of tobacco licensees in half, could wipe out store owners' life savings, increase illegal and unregulated black market sales, cost jobs and tax revenues.
The coalition released data showing that 8 percent of high school students nationally smoked cigarettes last year, the lowest ever on record. In New York City, “Smoking prevalence among NYC public high students also declined substantially from 17.6 percent in 2001 to 5.8 percent in 2015,” the group said.
Jim Calvin, president of the New York Association of Convenience Stores (NYACS), said these results confirm that current laws are working to reduce youth access to, and consumption of, tobacco. Retailer compliance rates preventing underage tobacco sales in New York City have risen dramatically in the past 10 years.
“Our retail members share the goal of preventing underage tobacco use, have worked hard to prevent such sales, and it has worked. These measures will destroy the business investment of retailers who have been leading the effort to prevent youth access to tobacco products, and the result will be lost revenue, lost jobs and an increasing number of sales in unregulated and illegal settings,” said Calvin.
Ramon Murphy, bodega owner and president of the Bodega Association of the U.S., added, “The restrictions will make it harder for legal, age-checking stores to sell tobacco products to adults, and the black market will get bigger. This hurts retailers, reduces tax revenues and also harms our youth who will be more likely to buy from sellers who don't check IDs.”
Rob Bookman, counsel to the New York City Newsstand Operators Association, said that City Hall's already overly burdensome regulations and increasingly costly fines have made times extremely tough for store owners.
“We believe the license caps are unlawful since that is pre-empted by state law. In addition, New York City currently has among the highest taxes and most stringent set of tobacco regulations in the country, and also boasts the highest rate of cigarette smuggling in the country. This is no coincidence,” they said.
Rodolfo Fuertes, independent grocer and president of the National Supermarket Association, said, “The moratorium on new licenses threatens not just the sustainability and growth of the industry but also the employees and the surrounding communities that have come to depend on us.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - RISANAMENTO SPA:
* REPORTED ON THURSDAY FY NET LOSS 23.9 MLN VERSUS LOSS OF EUR 65.4 MLN YEAR AGO
* FY REVENUE EUR 3.0 MLN VS EUR 4.7 MLN YEAR AGO
* NET DEBT AT YEAR-END EUR 34.4 MLN VS DEBT EUR 40.4 MLN AT 2016-END
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
“We're actually out here trying to create value, not just give venture capital money away” says Flexport CEO Ryan Petersen. “It's counterintuitive. The more the business works, the more cash it needs.”
That's because Flexport doesn't ship bits, it ships atoms. Lots of them. Flexport is a freight forwarding logistics network. If you produce a few metric tons of goods in China and need them in stores across the U.S., it books the trucks, ports, planes, and boats you need to get them there. While the dinosaur freight forwarders still rely on paper manifests, Flexport tracks all the data to optimize every route.
Flexport sounds “unsexy” on the surface, but it's multi-trillion dollar market opportunity that's attracting big-name investors. Flexport already moves 7,000 shipping containers a month for an average of $2,000 each while taking around a 15% cut, earning it roughly $21 million per month with revenue up 3.7X in the last year. “Unit economics have always worked for us, even when we were tiny. We've always insisted on that” says Petersen.
“There's an Amazon-like element for the enterprise” — Ryan Petersen, Flexport CEO
Now after TechCrunch reported last month that sources told us Flexport had raised a $110 million Series C at an $800 million pre-money valuation, the company today confirmed the deal. The round was led by DST Global, whose partner Rahul Mehta will become a board observer, and was joined by Founders Fund and Susa Ventures plus other existing investors. And crucial to Flexport's audacious new business model is the addition of Wells Fargo Strategic Capital.
Flexport wants to finance its customers freight, not just ship it.
Forwarding + Financing
Businesses have to pay factories to produce their goods up front, but it can take months to ship and sell the inventory before they earn back that money. Flexport plans to offer trade financing funded by a big bank like Wells Fargo. Essentially, Flexport would use all its shipping data to calculate and minimize the risk, front the money to its customers, and score an added percentage when it's paid back.
“It's such a big business and a nice extension” Petersen tells TechCrunch. 80 percent to 90 percent of all global trade relies on trade financing, according to the WTO. “We have all the data to assess credit worthiness” the CEO says, touting the speed with which Flexport could do that research. “A traditional bank might take a long time to get the money. It might take a month or two. But business happens really fast. We can lend to those customers, whether it's Wells Fargo's or someone else's money.”
Matt Raubacher, a managing director of Wells Fargo Strategic Capital says “While Flexport already had a banking and credit relationship with Wells Fargo, the Strategic Capital group is excited to take the next step and also become an equity investor in this rapidly growing business with an exceptional leadership team.”
Customers could get their freight financed and forwarded all at once, cutting down their logistical headaches while giving Flexport more….flexibility in how it prices both the shipping and the loans. “It's pretty sticky. If you're funding your business on the platform, you won't switch” Petersen says. “You could make the loan cheaper because you're making money with the freight, or offer cheaper freight because you're making money on the financing.”
Owning The Warehouses Too
Flexport isn't content just sticking to the money and logistics. It plans to use the new $110 million in equity funding to buy warehouses around the world that it calls ‘cross-ports'. Petersen says Flexport can have “more control” with “our software, our process in the warehouse.”
Typically when containers come off those giant ships, they get put in some third-party warehouse at the port. But if Flexport owns those warehouses, it can do some neat things in the meantime. “We scan everything for dimensions and weights, and build a model of the cargo so the next time someone ships the same thing, we know everything about it.” It can also mix-and-match shipments from different clients for efficiency, or redirect goods mid-journey.
Flexport opened its first 12,000 square foot cross-port in Hong Kong two months ago and it's already jam-packed, so it's planning to move to a bigger space like the 100,000 square foot spot it has in LA. Petersen says the plan is to open 25 of these, beyond its nine offices that house 500 employees. I'm pretty sure that qualifies as an empire.
“It's just a lot to take on” Petersen admits. “There are three remaining challenges that never go away. They all with ‘C', but not because I'm cheesy.”
Complexity – “Building the right things in the right order”, and not doing too many or too few Culture – Remaining a fun place to work. Employees “put a lot in. They grind” so they have to feel appreciated and like they're learning and growing their careers. Compliance – “Making sure we follow all the rules all the time” because it's a heavily regulated industry.
That last one has destroyed plenty of startups, from the Zenefits insurance scandal to Theranos' bunk blood tests.
“Our regulators are more serious, they're customs and border protection. It's not the taxi and limousine commission” Petersen says, taking a jab at cities that have tolerated Uber's insubordination. “With dangerous goods, actual human lives can be at risk. You ship something flammable in a passenger airplane, no one is going to take that lightly. There are not a lot of gray areas.” Petersen is happy to go by the book.
A Social Network For Trade, Or Is It Amazon?
Flexport takes inspiration from today's top tech companies. “There's an Amazon-like element for the enterprise” says Petersen. “It should feel like you're building your cart on Amazon and then 10 containers of your own products show up.” Though simultaneously, they say that “We think trade is inherently social” , which is why whenever it signs a client, Flexport gets them to pull their trade partners into the system too. “Connecting them is very logical. We borrow inspiration from Facebook.”
As for whether freight is ‘cool' now, Petersen smiles. “I don't know if it's sexy or boring. Wall Street's pretty [redacted] boring to me, moving money around. Money's sexy I guess” they say, then suddenly gets serious about their own company. “It's hard work, it's not this overnight success.”
Despite its budding empire, Flexport is still only the 23rd-largest freight forwarder. But rather than take that as an insult, investors see it as an opportunity. “None of the other top 25 were founded after Netscape” Petersen is fond of remarking. They're only just adopting technology. Flexport was born in it.
“I don't worry about startup competitors” Petersen says, noting that during the sales process, customers have never compared Flexport to those chasing it. “I worry the more we're out talking to the press. I worry the big guys will stop thinking of us as such a joke.”
They suspect those giants like FedEx, DHL and Expeditors might acquire the upstarts like Freightos, Haven, or Fleet to get a grip on tech. But Flexport isn't taking offers. In fact, Flexport turned down billion-dollar-plus valuations in this round to avoid getting in over its head or ceding too much power to investors.
“I'm just having fun. It's really interesting. Once you sell your business you're just another rich guy” Petersen laughs. “I never want to sell the business. Unless it's not working, I won't sell.”
Hitler's in, national parks are out. Strangest banned and allowed books in Texas prisons
The Texas prison system has an inconsistent method of deciding which books are allowed in the state prisons. The books are scanned by mail room attendants for violent or otherwise inappropriate content. Several banned books have similar permitted versions and some of the outlawed literature just doesn't make sense. Take a look at the ten most surprising books you can have in Texas prisons and the ten most surprising banned titles.
The Golden Globe nominations are out, and once again HBO and Netflix have come out on top as the most-nominated networks. HBO is down by two from last year's total of 14, but still leads with 12 nods for series including “Big Little Lies,” “The Wizard of Lies,” “Game of Thrones,” and the “The Young Pope.” Meanwhile, Netflix is having a banner year – it scored 9 nominations, the most it has ever received.
That's a big jump over last year for Netflix, as well, when it received just five TV nominations – its lowest number since entering the race just a few years ago.
This time around, Netflix has a presence across a number of top categories.
Its nominations include “The Crown” and “Stranger Things” for Best TV Drama. The shows' stars also earned nods, with David Harbour vying for Best Supporting Actor in a Series, Limited Series or TV movie, in “Stranger Things,” and Claire Foy for Best Actress in a TV Drama.
“Master of None,” earned two nods, including Best TV Comedy and sees Aziz Ansari competing for Best Actor in a TV Comedy. “Ozark's” Jason Bateman was nominated for Best Actor in a TV Drama; “13 Reasons Why's” Katherine Langford is nominated for Best Actress in a TV Drama; and “GLOW's” Alison Brie is nominated for Best Actress in a TV Comedy.
Rounding out the top five networks were FX (8), NBC (5), and Showtime (5).
Netflix also earned nominations in the film categories, with two for “Mudbound” (Best Supporting Actress for Mary J. Blige and Best Original Song for Blige's “Mighty River”) and Best Foreign Language Film for “First They Killed My Father.”
“We are grateful to receive 12 nominations across eight properties in celebration of the breadth of our content – from film to television, comedy to drama, new to returning series,” said Ted Sarandos, Netflix Chief Content Officer, in a statement. “Thank you to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for the recognition, and congratulations to our visionary artists and storytellers honored today.”
Notably, the other major streaming services – Amazon and Hulu – have a much smaller number of nominations this year, compared with Netflix, with just three apiece.
That said, Amazon has a good shot at scoring a win thanks to the acclaimed “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,” which is favorited to win Best TV Comedy. The series' star, Rachel Brosnahan, is also nominated for Best Actress in a TV Comedy. Amazon's third nomination is for “I Love Dick,” where Kevin Bacon is competing for Best Actor in a TV Comedy.
Amazon's often-nominated “Transparent” was not on the list this year, nor was its other fav, “Mozart in the Jungle.”
None of Amazon's movies, including “The Big Sick,” “Wonderstruck,” “Last Flag Flying,” or Woody Allen's “Wonder Wheel” earned nominations, either.
Hulu, meanwhile, is still riding high on “The Handmaid's Tale,” with Ann Dowd's nomination for Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Limited Series or TV movie; and Elisabeth Moss's Best Actress in a TV Drama nomination; The Emmy winning show also earned a Best TV Drama nod.
With 15 nominations across Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu, the streaming services are doing better than broadcast TV this year, which earned 8 nods (NBC had 5, ABC 3).
While this year's nominations put HBO in the lead in terms of networks, that doesn't mean it will walk away with the most – or even, any – wins. At the last ceremony, Amazon and Netflix ended up scoring just a few Golden Globes and HBO left empty-handed, despite having entered the race with 14 chances to win.
The 2018 Golden Globes will take place on Sunday, January 7, at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles at 8 PM ET / 5 PM PT on NBC.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Guangzhou Automobile Group Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT AND PONY.AI TO SIGN FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT ON SMART DRIVE, AUTO PILOT RESEARCH Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2rYqCIR Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Elisabeth Moss will star with Melissa McCarthy and Tiffany Haddish in the mob drama “The Kitchen” for New Line Cinema and DC Entertainment.
“Straight Outta Compton” writer Andrea Berloff will direct from their own script, based on the comic book series by Ollie Masters and Ming Doyle from DC Entertainment's Vertigo imprint. The movie will mark Berloff's feature directorial debut. Michael De Luca is producing the film.
“The Kitchen” is a classic gangster pic that follows a group of Irish mobsters sent to prison. The wives take over their jailed spouses' organized crime operation to become the most ruthless and powerful gangsters in the 1970s Hell's Kitchen. Moss will play the wife of an abusive husband who adapts to the violence of their new life. “The Kitchen” hits theaters on Sept. 20, 2019.
Moss won a Golden Globes and Emmy for their role on Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale,” which will soon debut its second season.  They are best known for their TV work on “Mad Men” and “Top of the Lake.” They were in the Oscar best foreign language film nominee “The Square” and will next be seen in Sony Pictures Classics' “The Seagull.”
Moss is repped by WME, the U.K.'s Independent, and Ribisi Entertainment.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump is considering changes to a plan that set aside areas for renewable energy development in the California desert, a move it says would promote more wind and solar projects on federal lands.
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management, in a statement on Thursday, said it would consider amending the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan as part of a broader federal effort to unwind regulations that impede energy development.
The process is also aimed at making more land available for wireless broadband infrastructure, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Katharine MacGregor said in the statement.
“We need to reduce burdens on all domestic energy development, including solar, wind and other renewables,” they said.
The Bureau of Land Management is part of the Interior Department, which has made similar moves to open up more federal land and waters to oil and gas exploration.
Know as the DRECP, the plan was hatched jointly between California and the federal government over an eight-year process that was finalized in September of 2016.
At the time, it drew criticism from solar and wind developers because it designated just 388,000 acres of the 10.8 million acres covered by the DRECP for renewable energy development.
Environmental groups generally welcomed the plan, saying it struck the right balance between preserving wildlife and plant habitats and allowing for ample wind and solar development.
In its statement, BLM noted California's ambitious law requiring utilities to source 50 percent of their power from renewable sources by 2030.
Representatives from the wind and solar industries, as well as California energy officials, were not immediately available for comment. (Reporting by Nichola Groom; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
5 most underutilised WWE female wrestlers
A former WWE Women's Champion and TNA Knockouts Champion makes it to this list. Who else features in this list? Read on.
by Pietro Maximoff Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 09:12 IST
Emma and Dana Brooke haven't had a break on RAW
It is no secret that the quality of wrestling in the WWE Women's division has certainly gone up a few notches in the last couple of years. The likes of Charlotte and Becky Lynch have elevated the expectations from each match the women take part in.
Even those women who were in the WWE before the focus shifted to wrestling from glamour have upped their game -- case in point being the Bella Twins.
However, there are still many women wrestlers in the WWE like Emma who haven't got the push that they deserve. This list takes a look at the top five most underutilised women in WWE history.
#1 Jillian Hall
Jillian had a blink and miss run as the Divas Champion
Jillian Hall was never considered to be a serious wrestler during their seven-year stint with the WWE. They were mostly known for their role as a 'fixer' for MNM and later, JBL.
Fans would remember them more for a number of awful gimmicks -- like having a growth on their face and their torturous singing gimmick. They did win the Divas title once with an upset victory over Mickie James but lost the title to Melina almost immediately.
Why Jillian remains a missed opportunity for WWE is due to the fact that as Macaela Mercedes, they had more than five years of experience wrestling on the independent circuit before they joined the WWE. Macaela had competed and won titles in multiple promotions like GLORY, CIW, BWCW, HPW, MCW and much more.
Hall has won 10 titles outside the WWE and regularly competed in intergender matches. In fact, their finishing move in the indies was the 450 splash which no WWE Diva had used at the time.
However, Hall was never projected as a serious contender in the WWE Women's division and their talents were not fully utilised.
CHIANG RAI, Thailand (Reuters) - Rescue teams in northern Thailand were giving crash courses in swimming and diving on Wednesday as part of complex preparations to extract a young soccer squad trapped in a cave, and hoping for a swift end to their harrowing 11-day ordeal.
Divers, medics, counsellors and Thai navy SEALS were with the 12 schoolboys and their 25-year-old coach, providing medicines and food while experts assessed conditions for getting them out safely, a task the government said would not be easy.
“The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people,” Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters.
“Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive,” they said, adding that if water levels fell and the flow weakened, they would be taken out quickly.
By late on Tuesday, about 120 million litres of water had been pumped out, or about 1.6 million every hour.
It was unclear what the options were to get the “Wild Boar” team out of the Tham Luang caves in Chiang Rai province and how they would be steered through tight, fluid conditions and uncertain weather.
Experts say divers have required three hours to reach the boys, located about 4 km (2.5 miles) from the mouth of the cave.
A group of about 30 divers in wetsuits was seen preparing kit and heading for the caves on Wednesday, accompanied by military personnel and a foreign cave expert.
A video released by the SEALS showed two rescuers seated on an elevated part of the cave beside boys wrapped in emergency foil blankets who appeared to be in good spirits, occasionally laughing.
A torch is shone on each boy, who says hello and introduces themselves with head bowed and palms pressed together in a traditional “wai” greeting.
A young player wears what appears to be the red jersey of the England soccer team in Tuesday's World Cup second-round victory over Colombia. Another wears the blue shirt of English team Chelsea.
Boys from the under-16 soccer team trapped inside Tham Luang cave receive treatment from a medic in Chiang Rai, Thailand, in this still image taken from a July 3, 2018 video by Thai Navy Seal. Thai Navy Seal/Handout via REUTERS
NIGHTMARE OUTING
The group was discovered by the SEALS and two British cave diving experts on Monday, having been incommunicado since June 23, when a post-practice outing went awry, prompting the high-profile search and rescue effort.
News that the team had survived sparked relief, celebrations and an outpouring of praise in a country transfixed by the drama and its almost blanket media coverage.
Chiang Rai Governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said the authorities were keen to get the boys out and suggested it might have to happen in phases, but only when safe.
“All 13 don't have to come out at the same time,” they told reporters. “Who is ready first can go first.”
Officials have dismissed as speculation reports that the boys could be trapped for up to four months, although supplies have been prepared for that period of time.
Weerachon Sukondhapatipak, a deputy government spokesperson, said there was much work to be done in preparing the boys for what could be a demanding task, and rescue teams should not be pressured to act faster.
“Some of them can't swim, so therefore it will take time for them to adjust,” they said.
“Officials would teach them how to move, how to dive, how to move their body under those circumstances.”
Somboon Sompiangjai, 38, said their son Peerapat, 16, was able to swim, adding that they were confident the SEALS' experience and professionalism would let them get the boys home safely.
“I am not worried if the kids have to swim and dive,” they told Reuters.
“I felt much better after seeing the clips with the children in good spirits, even though they were in there for 10 days.”
Slideshow (5 Images)
A number of foreigners have been killed in an attack by suspected Islamists on a restaurant in the Burkina Faso capital, with both attackers shot dead.
At least 18 people, including foreigners, have been killed and several wounded in an attack by suspected Islamist militants on a restaurant in Burkina Faso's capital.
Security forces shot dead both attackers and freed people trapped inside the building.
"This is a terrorist attack," Communications Minister Remi Dandjinou told a news conference on Monday.
A French citizen was among the dead, French Foreign Affairs Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said.
Also killed were seven Burkinabes, a Canadian, two Kuwaitis, a Nigerian, a Senegalese, a Turk and a Lebanese, Burkina Faso Foreign Affairs Minister Alpha Barry said at a news conference.
A further three bodies had yet to be identified, they said.
A Reuters witness saw customers running out of the Aziz Istanbul restaurant in central Ouagadougou as police and paramilitary gendarmerie surrounded it, amid gunfire.
A woman said they were in the restaurant celebrating their brother's birthday when the shooting started.
"I just ran but my brother was left inside," the woman told Reuters TV as they fled the building.
For many it was a grim echo of a similar attack on a restaurant and hotel in Ouagadougou in January 2016 in which 30 people were killed. Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb claimed responsibility.
"I am speechless," Abdoulaye Bance said on a street near the restaurant, where shops and banks were shuttered up and traffic light. "It is not the first time this is happening in our country. There are many victims. There is a feeling of despair."
In a separate incident on Monday, armed men opened fire on UN peacekeepers and Malian troops in Douentza, central Mali, killing a Malian soldier and wounding two Togolese peacekeepers, army spokesperson Diarran Kone said by telephone.
French President Emmanuel Macron discussed the situation with Burkina Faso President Roch Marc Kabore, their office said, including the role of a new multinational military force aimed at fighting Islamist militants across the vast Sahel region of Africa.
The force will not be operational until later this year and currently faces a budget shortfall.
Macron's office said they and Kabore agreed it was "imperative" to speed up the force's implementation.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
UNITED NATIONS, July 4 (APP):Poorer countries with rising populations and scarce natural resources are likely to be “increasingly dependent” on imports to feed their people, according to an annual report jointly compiled by the United Nations food agency.
Although overall exports from countries and regions with plenty of agricultural land are forecast to increase, the OECD-FAO Agricultural Outlook 2018-2027 stressed that because agricultural trade plays an important role in food security, there needs to be an enabling trade policy environment.
According to the Agricultural Outlook, undernourishment is concentrated in conflict-riddled and politically-unstable countries “with the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) facing simultaneous challenges of food insecurity, rising malnutrition and managing limited natural resources.
The report forecasts strong growth in agriculture and fishing in developing regions whose populations are rising fast, including Sub-Saharan Africa, South and East Asia and MENA. These areas are facing the challenge of limited land and water resources as well as extreme-weather related issues of climate-change, resulting in high dependence on food imports.
By contrast, this growth is predicted to be significantly lower in developed countries, particularly across Western Europe.
“The Green Revolution of the last century largely increased the world's capacity to feed itself but now we need asustainability revolution,” Jose Graziano da Silva, Director General, Director General of the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), presenting the report with Angel GurrÃ­a, Secretary-General of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
“This includes tackling high-input and resource-intensive farming systems that impose a high cost to the environment,” they added, noting the continued degradation of soil, forests, water, air quality and biodiversity.
The Agricultural Outlook recommends that regional countries re-orient policies away from cereals that require intensive watering, toward rural development, poverty reduction and farming of higher-value horticulture products.
“We need to adopt sustainable and productive food systems that offer healthy and nutritious food, while also preserving the environment and biodiversity,” Da Silva stressed.
Elsewhere in MENA, population growth is prompting a rise in food demand where exceptionally high wheat consumption coupled with skyrocketing sugar and fat consumption are leading to what FAO calls “an alarming spread of overweight and obesity.”
Anticipating global improvements in agricultural commodities and food productivity, the report predicts a slide in demand, which will reduce the price of most food staples, over the coming decade.
The report attributes the slowdown to stagnating per-capita consumption of staple foods, a drop in emerging economy consumption, and a gradual decline in global population growth rates.
Moreover, a decline in the desire to buy meat products will put a brake on the demand for cereals and protein meal used in animal feed.
With slower consumption and production growth, agricultural and fish trade are projected to grow at about half the rate of the previous decade.
BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump asked Americans to rise above hatred and bigotry to silence violent protests like those seen in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
Violence erupted between white nationalists and counter-demonstrators over the fate of a monument that honors a hero of the Civil War that ended slavery. One person was killed.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump told reporters at their New Jersey golf course.
The following Western Massachusetts golf courses, as reported to russheldsports@gmail.com, have opened for the 2018 season.
Amherst GC - Open
Agawam Municipal GC - Opening Friday.
Chicopee CC - Open
Cold Spring CC (Belchertown) - Open
Edgewood GC (Southwick) - Open; Special - Senior with cart, $31; Non-senior with cart, $36
East Mountain CC (Westfield) - Open
Franconia GC - Opening Saturday
Ledges GC (South Hadley) - Open: Special $30 with cart, $25 walking; $20/nine holes with cart, $15/nine holes walking
Northampton CC - Open
Oak Ridge GC (Feeding Hills) - Open
Shaker Farms CC (Westfield) - Open; Special - $25 walking
Southampton CC- Open
St. Anne CC (Feeding Hills) - Open
Tekoa CC (Westfield) - Open
Veterans GC - Opening Saturday
Westover GC (Ludlow) - Open
FIFA introduces three-step anti-discrimination plans for Confederations Cup
Referees will be given the chance to suspend Confederations Cup games as part of FIFA's new anti-discrimination protocols.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 22:42 IST
A FIFA fair play banner
FIFA has introduced a three-step plan designed to stop discrimination during matches at the Confederations Cup in Russia.
Referees are to be given special authority to halt or even abandon games in the event of discriminatory behaviour.
There will also be specially trained 'match observers' who will be on hand to monitor fans from both teams and send any relevant evidence to FIFA's Disciplinary Committee for possible further action.
"For the first time in an official tournament, FIFA will use a three-step procedure in case of discriminatory incidents and also deploy anti-discrimination observers at all matches of the FIFA Confederations Cup 2017," world football's governing body said in a statement.
"With this three-step procedure, referees will have the authority to first stop the match and request a public announcement to insist that the discriminatory behaviour cease, to then suspend the match until the behaviour stops following another warning announcement, and finally, if the behaviour still persists, to decide to abandon the match.
"The match observers are coordinated and trained by the Fare network, an organisation with a long track record of monitoring and fighting discrimination in football. Based on Fare's 'Global guide to discriminatory practices in football', the match observers will monitor the behaviour of fans from both teams, and any spectators who are not affiliated to a particular team playing in the match.
"Should any discriminatory incidents occur during a match, the evidence collected by the match observers will be forwarded to the FIFA Disciplinary Committee for review and potential action. Furthermore, the match observers will support operational staff in resolving incidents of discrimination before and during the matches by being directly in touch with security personnel."
FIFA president Gianni Infantino described the measures as "ground-breaking changes in the global fight against discrimination that will mark the 2017 edition of the FIFA Confederations Cup".
Vitaly Mutko, Russia's Deputy Prime Minister and Local Organising Committee (LOC) chairperson, added: "We are pleased that Russia has been entrusted with the mission to become the first host country of the Confederations Cup and the World Cup to implement such initiatives with the aim of making world football better.
"This is a very honourable role and a big responsibility, and we are confident that the forthcoming Tournament of Champions will be held in an atmosphere of celebration and hospitality towards all guests and teams of the Confederations Cup."
Six out of South Korea's 10 largest-cap companies have seen their rankings change this year in step with fluctuating business conditions, data showed Thursday.
According to the data from the bourse operator Korea Exchange, Naver Corp., the operator of the country's top Internet portal, rose to fourth in terms of market value as of Wednesday from sixth at the end of last year.
Naver's ranking got a boost from solid growth in the Internet ad market, the main source of revenue for the company.
(Yonhap)
Leading automaker Posco edged up one spot to eighth on expectations for a recovery in the steel industry, with Shinhan Financial Group Co., a major South Korean banking group, also rising one slot to ninth.In contrast, state-run utility company Kepco, top auto parts maker Hyundai Mobis Co. and No. 1 life insurer Samsung Life Insurance Co. suffered setbacks.Kepco slid one spot to fifth following the government's temporary shutdown of eight aged thermal power plants as part of efforts to reduce the country's air pollution. Hyundai Mobis saw its ranking drop to sixth from fifth, with Samsung Life Insurance sinking three spots to 10th.Top-cap Samsung Electronics Co. retained its No. 1 spot, followed by chip giant SK hynix Inc. and leading automaker Hyundai Motor Co. Samsung C&T Corp., the de facto holding company of the top conglomerate Samsung Group, remained unchanged at 7th.Last year, eight out of the 10 largest-cap companies changed places, with two companies excluded from the list, according to the exchange. (Yonhap)
This September 2016 photo provided by the University of Michigan School of Public Health shows Rebecca Haffajee. Haffajee, a lawyer and professor of public health at the University of Michigan, spoke to The Associated Press about past cases against opioid drugmakers and the latest lawsuits. (Austin Thomason/University of Michigan Photography via AP)
This September 2016 photo provided by the University of Michigan School of Public Health shows Rebecca Haffajee. Haffajee, a lawyer and professor of public health at the University of Michigan, spoke to The Associated Press about past cases against opioid drugmakers and the latest lawsuits. (Austin Thomason/University of Michigan Photography via AP)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Hundreds of communities in the U.S. are suing the makers and distributors of opioid painkillers, arguing that the companies should help pay the enormous costs of the deadliest drug epidemic in U.S. history.
Since 2000, more than 340,000 Americans have died from overdoses of opioids, which include prescription painkillers and illegal drugs like heroin. The financial toll has been estimated at $500 billion in 2015, according to the latest White House figures, which include deaths, health care, lost productivity and criminal justice costs.
But can the drug industry be legally compelled to help pay for the damage?
Rebecca Haffajee, a lawyer and professor of public health at the University of Michigan, answered questions about past cases against opioid drugmakers and the latest lawsuits.
___
Q: Why didn't early lawsuits filed against opioid drugmakers have much success?
A: The earlier lawsuits were typically brought by individuals and were vulnerable to a number of defenses from the manufacturers. The companies could argue that individuals misused the prescription drugs or prescribers weren't providing adequate medical advice about the products. Companies also argued that they were marketing and selling their products in accordance with Food and Drug Administration rules for these FDA-approved products.
Many of those cases were dismissed. Sometimes the individuals bringing the suits simply ran out of resources to pay for the litigation.
Q: Why are these newer lawsuits different?
A: Governments are bringing these more recent lawsuits, and they are alleging harms to their overall social systems that (acknowledge) misuse was happening, but regardless, are trying to hold companies accountable.
The idea is that these companies must have known, based on their own records and information, that the mass selling and distribution of opioids had gone beyond their appropriate medical use. The defense that people misused these drugs doesn't hold as much weight in these cases.
Q: People have compared this litigation to the lawsuits against Big Tobacco in the 1990s that resulted in a nearly $250 billion financial settlement for state governments. What are some of the differences?
A: Part of the idea with tobacco was to get this product off the market altogether. With opioids we don't want that. We want to be limiting the amount of opioids prescribed and misuse, but we recognize these are FDA-approved products that have a medical use and can be appropriate and effective, particularly for acute pain. The idea here is to try and thread the needle and allow appropriate use, but rid the market of inappropriate use.
Q: Beyond a financial settlement, many government officials say they want to change how this industry does business. Is that likely to happen?
A: That certainly can be a byproduct of the litigation, changing marketing practices and behavior. If it's a penalty that's big enough, it could have a deterrent effect.
Some of the recent settlements we've seen with drug distributors and manufacturers have required that they report certain information or refrain from certain conduct going forward.
Police have arrested a woman believed to have visited neonatal units of hospitals in the Carolinas “possibly in attempts to abduct a child.”
Linda Mae Everett, 36, visited a woman and children's hospital in Wilmington, NC, on April 5th, but was denied entry at a check-in desk where all visitors must present photo identification, reports the News & Observer.
Undeterred, Everett made their way to patient care areas anyway, says a rep for the New Hanover Regional Medical Center. They were reportedly stopped and questioned when they were spotted without a visitor's badge.
While the hospital says there was no attempt to remove an infant, per the Wilmington Star-News, police fear that was Everett's plan. Following warrants for their arrest, they were taken into custody in High Point, some 200 miles from Wilmington, on Tuesday, reports ABC11.
They face three counts of felony breaking and entering and one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to the April 5th incident.
Police say Everett also faces one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to an incident in Brunswick County.  They are out on bond, reports WWAY. (This woman admitted kidnapping a newborn 20 years ago.)
More From Newser
NEW YORK/SYDNEY/LONDON (Reuters) - Newly launched bitcoin futures indicated on Monday that financial markets expect the cryptocurrency to climb further but at a far slower rate than in recent weeks as warnings of a bubble grew.
Chicago-based derivatives exchange Cboe Global Markets (CBOE.O) launched its eagerly anticipated bitcoin futures late on Sunday, marking the first time investors could get exposure to the market via a large mainstream regulated exchange.
Bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States, but backers said this U.S. market debut would confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and lead to its wider use.
The one-month bitcoin contract <0#XBT:> opened at 6 pm local time (2300 GMT) on Sunday at $15,460, dipped briefly before rising to a high of $18,700 and then slipping again.
By 1418 GMT on Monday, just over 15 hours after it had begun trading, the one-month future contract was trading at $17,910, just 10 percent above bitcoin's "spot" price - the price at which it is currently changing hands - which was $16,450 on the Bitstamp exchange BTC=BTSP.
Given that bitcoin has almost tripled in value over the past month, and was up more than 10 percent on the day alone on Monday, the futures pricing suggests investors reckon that the eye-watering price increases seen in bitcoin in recent months could be set to slow down.
VOLATILITY CONCERNS
Although there are hopes that the futures will draw in investors who would not previously have touched the market, most fund managers at larger asset managers and institutional investors still say bitcoin remains too volatile and lacks the fundamentals that give other assets value.
“There's no place for bitcoin in a multi-asset portfolio given the very high volatility,” said Robeco Chief Investment Officer Lukas Daalder.
“We've looked at it in the past but if you look at the number of times that you need to trade to keep your exposure at the same level, after one week you need to rebalance the portfolio already,” they added.
The two-month contract was trading at $17,910, a 9 percent premium over the spot price, while the three-month contract was changing hands at $18,080, a 10 percent premium.
Despite those being modest when compared with bitcoin's recent moves - a 270 percent increase over the past three months and a 230 percent rise in the last two months - they still showed a lack of appetite from investors to take large “short” positions betting against bitcoin.
“The premiums have so far been very high, demonstrating that few want to take the short side of the trade,” said Altana Digital Currency Fund manager Alistair Milne, whose cryptocurrency fund has $35 million in assets under management.
Bitcoin is up more than 1,500 percent so far in 2017, having started the year at less than $1,000.
“MARCH TOWARDS LEGITIMISATION”
In just over 15 hours, 2,895 one-month contracts had been traded, meaning just over $51 million had been notionally invested. That compares with daily trading volumes of more than $20 billion across all cryptocurrencies, according to trade website Coinmarketcap.
Just 18 trades of the two-month contracts had been traded.
Virtual currency Bitcoin tokens are seen in this illustration picture, December 8, 2017. Picture taken December 8. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
There had been speculation that the launch of Cboe's futures would trigger more gyrations in the market. But while volatile compared with traditional currencies or assets, bitcoin's 10 percent rise on Monday was nothing out of the ordinary for it.
Bitcoin surged more than 40 percent in 48 hours last week, before tumbling 20 percent in the following 10 hours.
“(Bitcoin futures) will speed up the march towards legitimisation of an asset class that only a few years ago many law enforcement agencies would have argued had limited legitimate reasons for people to use,” said Jo Torode, a financial crime lawyer at Ropes & Gray in London.
The futures are cash-settled contracts, allowing investors exposure to bitcoin without actually having to hold any of the cryptocurrency.
The futures are based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
DRAMATIC GAINS
Slideshow (4 Images)
While bitcoin's price rise mystifies many, its origins have been the subject of much speculation.
It was set up in 2008 by an individual or group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto, and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden, making traditional financial regulation difficult if not impossible.
Central bankers and critics of the cryptocurrency have been ringing the alarm bells over the surge in the price and other risks such as whether the opaque market can be used for money laundering.
“It looks remarkably like a bubble forming to me,” the Reserve Bank of New Zealand's Acting Governor Grant Spencer said on Sunday.
“We've seen them in the past. Over the centuries we've seen bubbles and this appears to be a bit of a classic case.”
Somebody who invested $1,000 in bitcoin at the start of 2013 and had never sold any of it would now be sitting on around $1.2 million.
Heightened excitement ahead of the launch of the futures has given an extra kick to the cryptocurrency's scorching run this year.
The CME Group (CME.O) is expected to launch its own futures contract on Dec. 17.
The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages, though.
Several online brokerages, including Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW.N) and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp (AMTD.O), did not allow trading of the new futures immediately.
The Financial Times reported on Friday that JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Citigroup Inc (C.N) would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients.
Democratic Alliance leader Mmusi Maimane says they are disturbed by the killing of a nine-year-old child in Chatsworth‚ Durban‚ in a botched hijacking this week and wrote personal notes to their parents trying to console them.
A deeply moved Maimane said they take their children to school whenever they can and‚ as a parent‚ was haunted at the thought of the little girl being shot and killed on the school run.
“I'm devastated as a father‚” they said.
Maimane attended the highly emotional funeral service of Sadia Sukhraj at the Christian Revival Centre on Tuesday where they prayed aloud over their coffin. Members of the community joined in the prayer as they asked for peace for the nation and safety for South Africa's children.
“I didn't go there as leader of the DA. The child who was killed wasn't a DA member. I went there as a father. My daughter is seven‚ that child was nine‚” they said.
-For more on this story‚ please visit Times Select.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brighter Ab (Publ):
* BRIGHTER AB - THE EUROPEAN PATENT OFFICE HAS GRANTED BRIGHTER'S PATENT APPLICATION. Source text: cisn.co/2DUhQx8 Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Shell Offshore Inc. (Shell), a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell plc, today announces the final investment decision for Vito, a deep-water development in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico with a forward-looking, break-even price estimated to be less than $35 per barrel. This decision sets in motion the construction and fabrication of a new, simplified host design and subsea infrastructure.
Vito is expected to reach peak production of approximately 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent (boe) per day, which represents a significant contribution to our continued growth in the Gulf of Mexico. The development currently has an estimated, recoverable resource of 300 million boe.
“With a lower-cost developmental approach, the Vito project is a very competitive and attractive opportunity industry-wide,” said Andy Brown, Shell Upstream Director. “Our ability to advance this world-class resource is a testament to the skill and ingenuity of our development, engineering and drilling teams.”
In 2015, Shell began to redesign the Vito project, reducing cost estimates by more than 70% from the original concept. Vito's cost savings are due to the simplified design, in addition to working collaboratively with vendors in a variety of areas including well design and completions, subsea, contracting, and topsides design.
The Vito development is owned by Shell Offshore Inc. (63.11% operator) and Statoil USA E&P Inc. (36.89%); the field is located beneath more than 4,000 feet of water, approximately 150-miles southeast of New Orleans.
With 40-years of Shell leadership in deep water, Vito will be Shell's 11th deep-water host in the Gulf of Mexico and is currently scheduled to begin producing oil in 2021. With global production progressing to more than 900,000 boe per day, Shell has deep-water projects and opportunities in the U.S., Brazil, Nigeria, Malaysia, and Mexico.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Molson Coors Brewing Co:
* MOLSON COORS ANNOUNCES LEE REICHERT PROMOTED TO CHIEF LEGAL AND CORPORATE AFFAIRS OFFICER, FOLLOWING SAM WALKER'S PUBLIC SERVICE APPOINTMENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Morpeth-born teacher and mother-of-three Nicole Brown was the final finisher at this year's gruelling West Highland Way Ultra-Marathon. But why would anyone want to run 95 miles?
As Nicole stirs a pan of chilli on the hob, teenage son Paddy appears saying they ‘needs' chocolate but she's sent them away empty-handed. They don't know she's just hidden a pack of Oreos in a top cupboard.
Nicole meets their husband, Steve, at the finish.
Older daughter Clara isn't home yet. She's volunteering at a dance school. Seven-year-old Rosa is in the living room watching television with my own two children. My daughter is on absolute best behaviour – Mrs Brown is their teacher.
“I think that so much of what you want to and what you can achieve in running is just in your head,” they say.
“It was 2013 that I first crewed on the West Highland Way. I had no idea what I was doing. We had a table and a stove set up at Balmaha at 2am when it wasn't needed until 4.
“We fell asleep and our runner woke us by banging on the window. At that point I never thought I would even be able to do anything like that. It was a ridiculous distance.”
The scene at Jelly Baby Hill, around 65 miles into the West Highland Way Ultra-Marathon.
As well as the huge distance, the course includes hills, lochs, woodlands and disused railway lines – parts of it are practically bouldering. Even if you make it round, it doesn't count unless you finish in less than 35 hours.
Nicole, who now lives in Sheffield, hasn't been running that long – they did their first half marathon in 2014 and hated it. But a change of approach was a change for the better.
They said: “After that I decided I would just do trail running. I did not like running fast so I just wanted to go further as a challenge and I enjoyed the endurance of doing that.”
Egged on by barrister and ultra-runner husband Steve, Nicole ran a 30-mile race in 2015 and then did a few 50-mile races and a 60-mile event in 2016. They began a running group to teach others to go from 0 to 5km.
They had met the criteria to take part in the West Highland Way and they ‘cried with delight' when they received an email saying they were among the runners for the 2017 event.
This year's race started at the Milngavie Railway Station (a few miles north of Glasgow), with a pre-race briefing at half past midnight.
Nicole, 43, said: “I loved the start. I loved the briefing. I loved the first 19 miles.
“After leaving the village of Balmaha, I was surprised at the number of inclines but then I hit the lakeside. I know that the lakeside has a reputation of being really hard but the reputation doesn't do it justice. It was ridiculous.
“I checked in the Beinglas Farm cut off with 20 minutes to spare. Other people checked in after me. I was really shaken.
“From the point where I started worrying about the cut off, the whole race just felt incredibly stressful.
“All I could think about was ‘am I going to make the next cut off?' I was constantly doing maths in my head. I was changing my Garmin at every checkpoint.”
They were well-supported during the run by their crew. All West Highland Way participants must have at least one driver and one person able to run a marathon with them.
They said: “James started running with me at Auchtertyre and they stayed with me right to the end. That was from about 4.30pm on the Saturday until the finish at 11.30am on the Sunday.
“Alexa was the driver and they were just brilliant. I was barking requests at them and they were sorting it out.”
James and the sweepers – the people who check runners have eaten and drunk enough, are healthy and can keep going – moved aside when Nicole reached the final 100m of the run.
They said: “I went round that corner and I expected to only see a few people there, but it felt like there were hundreds.
“I saw Steve. It was all I could do not to collapse with the emotion of it all. I got a handshake and a hug from Ian Beattie the race director and Steve, then my aunties manhandled me into the changing rooms and I had to get showered.
“From there, all of a sudden I was at the finishers' ceremony. When I got my goblet I'm thinking an hour and a half ago I was still on the moor.
“It was surreal and wonderful and one of the best experiences of my life.
“I was given the Monday off by the school and the pupils in my class did a lot of maths about ‘Mrs Brown's Adventures' during that day, so when I returned on the Tuesday they were all saying ‘You were the last man standing Mrs Brown!' and ‘You were so brave and you did this!' It was really wonderful.
“Running is something that is really enjoyable and a really great lifestyle to have.”
Given half a chance they would persuade everyone to run. It's their stubbornness and encouragement that led to me and several other WIER Runners into gaspingly making our way round first 5km and then 10km races.
One of their WIER Runners has already done a half marathon.
Hands off the Oreos, Paddy. Your mum has earned them.
Methane's On The Rise, But Regulations To Stop Gas Leaks Still Debated
Enlarge this image toggle caption David Gilkey/NPR David Gilkey/NPR
There's more methane gas in the atmosphere than there used to be, by every scientific measure. The Obama administration has been trying to stem the increase of this powerful greenhouse gas, but the incoming Trump administration appears bent on keeping the government's hands off methane.
The gas comes from agriculture, especially flooded agricultural lands like rice fields, as well as from the digestive tracts of livestock. But it's also the main component of natural gas; some methane escapes from leaky oil and gas operations.
Whatever the source, scientists have found that, after many years of very little change, concentrations of methane in the atmosphere have increased by 3 percent over the past eight years.
"Methane concentrations in the atmosphere are surging faster than any time in the last 20 years," environmental scientist Rob Jackson, of Stanford University, told NPR.
Jackson and their colleagues have long tracked various sources of methane, as it emanates from oil and gas wells, city sewers and manure pits; they recently published scientific papers on global as well as local concentrations of the gas.
"We understand some of the reason for (the increase)," they said, "but not all of the reasons."
Other climate researchers have confirmed Jackson's findings, and point out that methane warms the atmosphere at about 30 times the rate carbon dioxide does. Jackson said the recent increase convinces them that methane deserves as much, if not more, immediate attention as carbon dioxide, the main contributor to greenhouse gas.
Scientists point to agriculture as the likeliest source of the new methane, especially in Asia and Africa. Feeding more people has meant more rice fields, more livestock and more manure — all sources of methane. There also is some evidence that small changes in the chemistry of the atmosphere may be allowing methane to stay aloft longer than usual, giving it more time to warm the air.
But Jackson noted that there are other sources. "We also see evidence for some increase from the fossil fuel sector," they said, meaning drilling, processing and the transporting of natural gas. Recent research shows that leaks from the natural gas supply chain are more widespread than previously thought.
The U.S. government is taking steps to stem that source of methane. The Environmental Protection Agency has written regulations to make companies plug methane leaks at new or modified oil and gas operations, and at the operations on some federal land.
But the oil and gas industry believes the government is overreaching.
That debate is likely to flare up when President-elect Donald Trump takes office. Trump has said that environmental regulations drive up the cost of doing business and kill jobs; their choice to head the EPA, Scott Pruitt, the attorney general of Oklahoma, has made similar claims that the agency has a history of overly regulating oil and gas companies.
Jack Gerard, who leads the American Petroleum Institute, told reporters in November that they want the incoming Trump administration to dump the regulations.
"Methane (regulation) is a top priority, and we'll be pursuing that aggressively," Gerard said. Some oil and gas companies have already sued to stop the regulations, which aren't yet in effect.
"I think everybody understands that there needs to be methane regulation, and it's really a question of degree," Steve Leifer, an environmental lawyer at Baker Botts, a legal firm that represents oil and gas companies, told NPR. "I know the industry is very concerned. They are taking it very, very seriously."
Oil and gas representatives argue that the recent research shows that the biggest source of methane is agriculture, along with natural sources like wetlands.
That may be true, but Mark Brownstein, a lawyer with the Environmental Defense Fund, said they believe that's a red herring.
"I think the debate over what's caused the near-term rise has served to obscure the fact that emissions are already too high," Brownstein told NPR. You have to start somewhere, they said, and capturing leaked methane from oil and gas operations is easier than changing agriculture practices.
In fact, stopping methane leaks should make economic sense for the oil and gas sector, they said: Methane is a commodity, and leaked methane is money lost. Brownstein's organization, along with university researchers and natural gas companies, has studied how much gas is leaking.
"Let's keep in mind what's at stake here," they said. "We're wasting enough natural gas every year to serve the needs of 7 million homes."
So far, oil and gas interests haven't been convinced. Gerard points out that the industry is voluntarily reducing leaks and doesn't need federal enforcement.
Leifer, the attorney representing oil interests, told NPR the debate will likely end up in court, along with lots of other pending environmental regulations.
"There is no major rule that isn't going to go to court," they said. "You just can't find one." That shouldn't be surprising, they said. Every change of administration in Washington means more business for lawyers.
SHE'S RUNNING: Cynthia Nixon formally announced their candidacy for Governor of New York State on Monday after months of rumors and speculation. The actor, best known for playing Miranda Hobbes on “Sex and the City,” will challenge Governor Andrew Cuomo, who is seeking a third term, in the upcoming gubernatorial democratic primary in September.
“New York is my home. I've never lived anywhere else,” Nixon says in a campaign video they posted on YouTube Monday afternoon. The video shows Nixon walking around the city and waiting for subways, sitting in their living room with their family and speaking at rallies, depicting their progressive bona fides and emphasizing their activism on behalf of public education and LGBTQ rights. “I'm a proud public school graduate and a prouder public school parent. I was given chances I just don't see for most of New York's kids today.”
The video ends by showing Nixon sitting on an Amtrak train, looking pensively out the window on the way to the state capital of Albany.
One thing is for sure — Nixon is good on camera.
Watch the video below:
You'd think Barry has enough problems just trying to out-think the Thinker on The Flash, but in "Fury Rogue," the Flash not only had to face DeVoe, they also had to deal with a surprise villain from Earth-X. In an attempt to get ahead of DeVoe, Barry recruited Captain Cold (or Citizen Cold), aka Leo Snart from Earth-X, to help transport Fallout, the radioactive bus meta meta they encountered earlier in the season. And in addition to Citizen Cold, Barry might be getting a new ally soon, as it looks like the Mechanic might betray the Thinker on The Flash.
After seeing pocket dimension activity around where Fallout is being held, Barry worries that DeVoe is making Fallout their next target, and plans to move them to an ARGUS facility nearby. The only problem is, he's too unstable to move, not without a massive cooling source, one they no longer have since Killer Frost was seemingly eradicated by DeVoe. Seeking a cold source, Barry travels to Earth-X and recruits Leo, who fans will remember fought alongside the Flash in this year's crossover "Crisis on Earth-X" before joining Legends of Tomorrow for a brief arc. Unfortunately, when they bring Leo back to Earth-1, the Earth-X Siren (Laurel Lance), who happens to be a Nazi, follows them. And all the while, Barry thinks that going to Earth-X to recruit help is going to be something unexpected for DeVoe, when in fact the Thinker has seen everything coming.
What DeVoe fails to predict, however, are the emotional effects of Dibny's death. DeVoe predicts that Earth-X Siren will attack DeVoe, Citizen Cold, and Barry to get Fallout, but that Barry will defeat them Instead, after some taunting from the Thinker about Dibny, Barry freezes, and Siren kidnaps Caitlin, Joe, and Fallout. Stewing about their plan in their pocket dimension lair, DeVoe dismisses Marlize's suggestion that their prediction's didn't come true because they were ignoring emotion. Their obsession with rational thought — their own, and no one else's — has made them forget about the emotional drives that others, like Barry, have. DeVoe turns on Marlize for daring to make any sort of statement, telling them to leave the thinking to him.
The Thinker's constant belittling, coupled with their rejection of affection from their wife, are definitely starting to put a strain on Marlize. Though we've seen this before, when the Mechanic realized that they were drugging them with meta tears of happiness and love, only to have their memory erased and the cycle started over, this seems different. Marlize isn't suspecting their husband of deceiving her, she's watching them become corrupt with power, and she's keeping up appearances to their face. At the end of the episode, after Barry, Leo, Cisco, Caitlin, Iris, and Joe successfully got Fallout into ARGUS custody — which, it turns out, is exactly where DeVoe wanted them — DeVoe asks Marlize if they see now that everything played out exactly the way they thought, no emotional calculations needed, and how their thought should be valued above theirs until the Enlightenment, they respond in the affirmative, but when they turn around, there are tears in their eyes.
It definitely looks like Marlize is having second thoughts about their husband's plan. Now that he's attained all the power needed to sustain their accelerated thinking without deteriorating their body, their ego is out of control, and their love of rational thought is chipping away at their love for their wife. Marlize might believe in the cause of Enlightenment, but do they still believe in it if it costs them their husband? I doubts as well as DeVoe's increasingly abusive behavior towards them could be just enough to push them into the comforting and forgiving arms of Team Flash. At the end of the day, it looks like emotion will be the thing that brings down DeVoe. Whether that act of emotion comes in the from Marlize or Barry or both remains to be seen.
LONDON (Reuters) - Burnley manager Sean Dyche was delighted after their team ditched their label as poor travellers to pull off a shock 3-2 win at champions Chelsea, who finished with nine men, on Saturday.
The Clarets didn't win away from home last season until their penultimate road trip but led the champions 3-0 at half-time after the Londoners had skipper Gary Cahill sent off in the 14th minute.
Burnley's form at home and away contrasted sharply last season.
Dyche's side won 10 games at home -- more than Manchester United and the ninth-best in the league -- but managed only a solitary away win, at Crystal Palace. And their seven points on the road was the second-worst record in the league.
"A lot was made of our away form last season, and don't get me wrong, that doesn't correct it. But it's a great start," said Dyche.
"It kills all the stories off immediately by getting a first win, a first away win and giving the fans a great afternoon out," added the Burnley boss, whose team are widely predicted to be in the relegation battle again this campaign.
"We're written off at the start of every season. It kills off a few things early doors and it allows the players that space for growth," added Dyche.
Chelsea were reduced to nine players in the 81st minute when Cesc Fabregas was shown a second yellow card but Dyche felt their team deserved the win.
"I thought we were strong early in the game, while it was 11 v 11. The sending-off made a difference and I thought we did really, really well to handle that and keep the ball and create chances," they said.
Wales striker Sam Vokes scored twice while Ireland fullback Stephen Ward hammered in a fierce drive.
“We scored three good goals and I think when you are talking about who you are playing against and where you are playing, that's up there as one of the best 45 minutes of my time here," said the manager, who joined Burnley in 2012.
"It's rare for any game in the Premier League to be three goals up at halftime, but particularly so when you are down at Chelsea.
'BIG WIN'
"The shape and organisation was great. (Chelsea) had to respond, which they did, so credit to them, but we were disappointed with the two goals.
"Before that, we'd kept a good shape and I don't think they opened us up or made too many chances. But it's a big win.
"They're a fine side, even with 10 men."
LONDON (Reuters) - Athletics chiefs in Ethiopia are not worried about doping problems in the sport and are dealing with them strongly, a senior official said on Saturday.
The east African nation and neighbouring Kenya have been rocked by a number of positive doping tests in recent years and both countries were placed in "critical care" by the athletics authorities over their drug-testing systems.
“It (doping) is not worrying us. The few cases that emerged were dealt with squarely and decisively and we have launched a major education programme among young athletes because we know knowledge is power,” Bililign Mekoya, Secretary General of Ethiopian Athletics Federation (EAF), told Reuters.
"We are working with our Kenyan counterparts, our national anti-doping organisation and the IAAF to get to root out doping," they added.
"It does not threaten us now. Our government has done a great job and we are confident that it won't take root in Ethiopia."
Ethiopia and Kenya have introduced legislation to criminalise doping. More than 40 Kenyan athletes have tested positive in the past five years.
Jos Hermens, who manages many of Ethiopia's elite runners, said doping cases were not as many as had been reported.
“We are working with authorities to attack the (doping) matter. Africa does not need doping, they always produce good athletes," the Dutchman said.
"We are working with Haile Gebrselassie in Ethiopia and Paul Tergat in Kenya. Reports doing rounds about doping, particularly in Ethiopia, are disgraceful,” they added.
Gebrselassie, the former Olympic and world champion long-distance runner, has said previously that dopers should be jailed for life.
“Doping cases in Ethiopia were so few, compared to Kenya, but that does not mean they were ignored," they said.
"We will catch them. Some unscrupulous doctors and pharmacists have been misleading young athletes, but we will soon attack and deal with them,” Gebrselassie added.
